You had a sexual experience you enjoyed and felt good about, and you want to tell your friends about it. But you’re afraid they’re going to judge you about it. What to do?
Can a heterosexual woman have a healthy, happy sexual and romantic relationship with a queer man? You bet. But it might not be right for everyone..
What does it mean to be good at sex? Or, better still, what things tend to make it most likely for people to have sexual lives, experiences and relationships they really enjoy?As Talks Stall with Iran, US Steps Up Propaganda War
Egypt’s revolution appears to have stiffened the spine of the Barack Obama administration when it comes to Iran.
In the wake of the mass protests that ousted Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak, Washington has begun to "tweet" in Farsi as well as Arabic. President Obama – and to an even greater extent, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton – have toughened their language against the Iranian government. Meanwhile, the troubled Persian service of the Voice of America has hired a U.S. Foreign Service officer to direct broadcasting to Iran.."
Two rounds of nuclear talks between Iran, the United States and the other permanent members of the U.N. Security Council plus Germany ended last month without progress or even a date for further discussions. Then popular protests erupted in Tunisia and spread to Egypt, drawing attention from Iran’s nuclear program and refocusing it on democracy and human rights.
Officially, U.S. policy toward Iran is not regime change but a change in regime policies. However, there has been a clear shift in tone in recent days.
In a series of interviews on Monday – as Iranian protesters returned to the streets of major Iranian cities en masse for the first time in more than a year – Clinton called the Iranian government "hypocritical" for praising the Arab revolts while crushing its own.
"Contrast what happened in Egypt with what is going on today in Iran where, once again, the Iranian government is lashing out, using violence against people who are expressing the same desires as we heard from Egypt," she told Al Jazeera.
"I find it very ironic that Iran is trying to give lessons in democracy to anybody," she said to Al Hurra, a U.S. government-backed Arabic satellite channel. ."
On Tuesday, in a speech on Internet freedom, Clinton called Iran "awful" with a government "that routinely violates the rights of its people". She announced that the State Department would spend an additional 25 million dollars this year on projects to increase access to the Internet in Iran and elsewhere on top of 30 million dollars set aside for Internet freedom last year.
The capping touch was provided by President Obama who told a news conference T Obama spoke, Iranian state media, which initially welcomed the uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt, had also changed its tone as it became apparent that the uprisings were led not by Islamic activists but by a broad spectrum of groups – and that the protests were boomeranging back to Iran.
The rightist newspaper Kayhan editorialized on Monday that the Egyptian army, which has assumed control over Egypt during the transition to elections, "implemented a precise scenario whose playwright is America… The army has been instructed to hijack the popular revolution and obstruct sovereignty, freedom, and Islamism.".
On Monday, Ramin Asgard, an Iranian-American Foreign Service officer whose last posting was as a political adviser to Central Command – took the helm of the PNN. VOA executives said it was the first time since the waning days of the Cold War that a non-journalist has assumed such an important position in U.S. government-funded broadcasting.
VOA management has had difficulty finding the right person to run the sprawling service, which has one hit show – a "Daily Show" clone called "Static" or "Parazit" in Farsi – but has been riven by disputes among its staff over what vision of Iran’s political future to promote. Some members of Congress as well as some Iranian expatriates have complained that PNN is too critical of U.S. policy and too accommodating to Tehran.
Asgard, who also served as head of an Iran watch office in Dubai, did not seek the position but was offered it after several others turned VOA down or were deemed unsuitable, according to a source with knowledge of the process.
On the job only three days, he has already been the target of an attack on a blog run by the neoconservative American Enterprise Institute. Trey Hicks, a researcher at the Hudson Institute, accused Asgard of undermining U.S. policy toward Iran by suggesting U.S. taxpayer support for the National Iranian American Council (NIAC), a group that has in the past advocated engagement with Iran but has also taken a tough stance on human rights abuses. Hicks also questioned Asgard’s command of Farsi.
geo1671
February 17th, 2011 at 5:59 am
Barb–how about mentioning the $350 million given by Bush regime to overthrow the Iranian regime? Just imagine if Russia or China did the same for the up coming election? OnlyIsrael is allowed– shows how stupid Americans are!
Sorry lady,you are trying to make the Iran revolt bigger then what it is. Shows us wide angle shots of the demonstrations—then I'll believe Iran has a serious problem–Example-garbage container on fire–big deal !
tomofsnj
February 17th, 2011 at 7:17 am
A very good extract on exactly what is going on. Iran is just another step on Clean Brake. Thousands of our kids have been killed because of this cold blooded political outrageous policy of our special friend Israel.…
pendulum
February 17th, 2011 at 11:08 am
the overthrow $$$ has continued with Obama and cliton, and the other countries have not had their scientists murdered
Claus Eric Hamle
February 17th, 2011 at 12:41 pm
Obama is a liar and a warmonger. He has said several times that Iran is developing nuclear weapons while the CIA can´t find any evidence for that claim.
robertsgt40
February 17th, 2011 at 12:41 pm
Our downfall will be the price for being Israel's bitch. “Love is blind,” people often say, whatever they mean. “Love is not physically challenged,” writes Ms. Selam Kidane Woldu, a young female Eritrean poet. No love is blind, Selam Kidane argues back. “It has eyes, /hands /And Feet.”
If poets see observe, and think in the same way as most of us do, and come to the same conclusions as most of us have reached, then, I don’t think, they can truly be called poets. Who wants his or her ideas echoed back to him or her? He or she has them already.
Poets see truths that are not revealed to us, and observe things hidden from our views. Due to their position as thinkers, poets are viewed with by society and may be thought of as crazy, who see things that are not there. As a result of their unique observations, they hold unique truths, which are not often shared by the rest of us, and for this reason poets come into conflict with society, which they want to influence and change. Most certainly, Ms. Selam Kidane Woldu doesn’t see and think like most of us.
Ms. Selam Kidane was a medical student when she published “Songs of Life,” a collection of poems in English in 2015. “Songs of Life” is a small book, with big ideas and deep thoughts. It makes readers think about the issues it raises. It is impossible for people to read and not be influenced by the thoughts the poet shares with us, which I think is the hallmark of great poetry.
Using biblical allusions and, to a certain extent, popular western fairy stories, Ms. Selam writes about issues such as dreams, hope and despair, love, life and death, relationships, jealousy, and other human desires and emotions.
Most of her poems are very short but so interesting that one feels one is given a delicious piece of cake, which one enjoys and relishes so much that one wishes the cake were a little bigger. A number of the poems are four or less lines, such as the following poem: “When weeds grow in your garden, /Then your eyes open, / To see a forest, / A sight that is greater than a mere garden.”
Some of the poems raise important issues and show us the kind of society in which we live. In one poem, “Paying the dower,” Ms. Selam writes about the dowry system. In this poem, the parent of a young woman has to ‘bribe’ her or his future son-in-law so that the young man may marry his or her daughter. Ms. Selam gives her poem such a twist that we see the injustice of the dowry system still common in the Tigrigna culture. It is natural, especially for women, to feel the injustice of this practice, which yokes women to a marriage that undermines their worth and whose foundation is a shaky ground.
“My daughter is more than a jewel.
For her hand they scrabble
Like hyenas over a bone.
When I found one with pure blood
I said – you can have my daughter.
His family came together –
And they keep saying that the scale is not right
Your daughter is not enough
Add a few thousand to make the scale right.
I raised a daughter
And I am paying him to take her.” (Songs of Life, 72)
But, Ms. Selam doesn’t just question the society we live in. She also asks us to see ourselves, our attitudes, our beliefs, and our values. In “Betraying the dark roots”, which reminds us of Okot p’Bitek’s “Song of Lawino,” she writes about a man who wants to be and lives like a white man. “Try as I might to erase the dark/ Every sunset found me / Unmarred with white – Brown and black.”
Ms. Selam even goes further and doesn’t stop at exposing society or individuals, and shows us our problems may be with our way of perceiving. She invites us to inspect our vision, our way of seeing critically, and correct our vision if we find something wrong with it. In “Optic” she does this.
“I eye the eye
To observe the world that revolves around me
I eye the eye
Does it look out?
Or does it let the world –
Outside have a glimpse of the inside?
I eye the eye
To see if my lenses are befogged
My window is dirty and –
My mark is not steady.
I eye the eye
If the view is obscured
If the sight I perceive
Is an illusion only
And my eye is belying me.
I eye the eye
To see
If – I can trust the sight that I see.” (Songs of Life, 37-38).
In other poems, such as “Sententious”, she exposes no views or unjust practices or customs but just describes and shares with us her observation about life. Taking the biblical story of Eden, she observes that whether we like it or not life is a choice.
“The choices we have to make
The turns we have to take
The days spent pondering
Which boxes to check
Even no choice is a choice in the end.
Life is a garden
With a tree in its center
Whether or not to eat the forbidden fruit.” (Songs of Life, 41)
I could go on and list and discuss many more poems and show how beautifully Ms. Selam has written about different issues. Each poem is more beautiful than the other and one derives as much pleasure out of one poem as out of the next or the one before it. I cannot say which poem is my most favorite because I can mention a number of them, which I liked tremendously. Though I don’t know why, I like this short poem, “Dreams that fly”, much more than the others.
“There are dreams that fly
Like Birds,
They circle the earth
Searching for willing nests.” (Songs of Life, 24).
Reading “Songs of Life” for the first time, I was so impressed that I wished the poems were written in Tigrigna, the poet’s mother tongue.
To be honest, as a bilingual, I sometimes have a dilemma, which language to use to express my thoughts. Sometimes I observe myself writing in English, and not in Tigrigna. If I try to say the same thing in the other language often it is not as successful, and I find out that I am unable to express the same thoughts as effectively as I did in the other language. Sometimes, I could find no words in English, which is a foreign language to me, which I can express myself in Tigrigna without difficulty.
I know people have different reasons why they want to write in this and not in that language. One reason could be the question of audience. If an Eritrean writes in English it is obvious that more people will read his or her works. However, that decision automatically excludes other readers, especially Eritrean readers, whose mastery of English is not good. It is true people who write in English have bigger readerships, and the chances of the book selling in big numbers is greatly multiplied, especially if the author is able to penetrate the international market. Obviously, it makes sense to use English or widely spoken languages if a bigger audience and, therefore, a bigger market, is the writer’s number one goal. If, however, money is not the writer’s foremost goal but instead to have a family conversation, a family chat, to communicate and share ideas with those closest to the writer it makes a lot of sense for the writer to use their language in the conversation. You as a writer, share your thoughts and they benefit from your wisdom and they may, in turn, comment on and enrich your understanding of the issues you have raised. Seen in this light, if Ms. Selam had used Tigrigna, her mother tongue, though she would have faced the danger of not being read widely, she would certainly have added to our wealth of Tigrigna literature.In New Westminster you will be able to find a variety of family friendly events for Halloween. Dubbed ‘Halloween Happenings’ this is a great event to take part in and there is a little taste of everything.
Go online to see the brochure about what is going to be available through the month.
Halloween Events In New West for Fall
- Halloween Cookie Decorating
- Mad Scientists Spooky Science Experiments
- Count Chocola’s Creatures Fun Chocolate Making
- Creepy Cookie Decorating
- Pumpkin Decorating
- Creepy Candle Making
- Moody Park & Queensborough Glow in the Dark Games
- Halloween Fitness Draw
- Among Us Murder Mystery
- Halloween Movie Night
- Fraser River Frights Scavenger Hunt
- Haunted Halloween Family Skate
These are some of the events that you can find in the brochure for events going on in Oct for Halloween in New West that are perfect for families. Click here to view that Halloween Happenings 2021 brochure for the events in New West this fall.
Registration for those Halloween events in New West is already open so take a look and see what might be going on that you wouldn’t want to miss this year. There is something for everyone, whether you want to get outside and get active or dress up for some fun, carve a pumpkin with the family.
Find something to do that is unique, fun, and enjoyable for the family. At the Halloween Happenings event you will see that there are a wide range of fun family friendly Halloween games and events to take part in this year around New West.
Categories: blog, business, new westminster
I’m definitely going to a Halloween party this year
LikeLiked by 1 person
dressed as what?
Captain AmericaFor.
We FEEL, damn it! And you bastards are triggering us with your possible popular vote for Literally Hitler!
A real fisking would require a comment, or just pointing a finger and laughing hysterically, at each line, but I don’t know if I can stomach quite that much. Some ellipses may be inserted for sanity’s sake. Overall, I want you to realize that you’re witnessing an historic event here, though. This article represents the apotheosis of “Therapy Culture.” There’s no where to go from here but down, down, down.
Let us begin the onerous, but necessary task:
(My comments in red, the color of fear, anxiety and depression)
Carol Wachs, a psychologist in private practice in Manhattan (aka The Center of the World. Of course, we begin here because, really, where else matters?).” (Donald Trump is somewhere between 9/11 and the Holocaust in evil and gravity. Probably the Holocaust).’ ” ( I take it these are adults. Supposedly, 75% or so want to talk about the election with their shrink. I thought they were supposed to talk about their penis envy or their urge to murder their father. At $250 an hour.). (If liberals are actually so weak that they can’t fucking sleep at night because Trump has a 42.4% chance of getting elected, how have we reactionaries been losing to these pussies all this time? WTF? They fold like a cheap suit. They have no STAMINA. We need to get on with kicking their weak asses, FFS!)
.” (I remember my friend’s house as a kid where everybody screamed. They were Italians, and they were a pretty goddam happy family. Also, who the fuck has a nickname like “Figs”? I’d rather see a shrink nicknamed “Biff” than “Figs.”). (So Goldberg herself is “suffering” from Trump Derangement Syndrome. I suddenly realize this article is her own pathetic attempt at therapy. Oh shit, the phone call is real and it’s coming from inside the house!). (This only proves we need some right-wing therapists with their fucking heads screwed on tight!). (I can’t BREATHE!). (For God’s sweet sake, it’s like not thinking about a pink elephant. She should read Atlas Shrugged. It’s really long and will take your mind off the present. Except that would probably trigger her even worse than Trump…).” (Personally, I feel like I’m in the Twilight Zone every time I hear Bill Clinton refer to Hillary as a “change agent.”).” (See libs are just so negative. And blind. Parts of the country are imploding every day right now–Charlotte, for instance. I suppose they’re feeling depressed and emotional about that too. Cripes, I am actually on the verge of feeling sorry for this chick–except the entire bizarre edifice in her mind is completely self-inflicted.)
(Captains’ Log, supplemental: If Hillary wins I presume Trump supporters are going to be civilly obedient. They may even celebrate with fireworks, barbeques and peaceable assemblies. I’ll bet it doesn’t involve looting Footlocker or burning down their own neighborhoods, either.)
The anxiety is encroaching on her relationships, Liz says. Sometimes she’ll delay putting her 9-year-old daughter to bed because she’s so caught up in the news. (So has Michelle called Child Protective Services yet? YOU have a DUTY TO PROTECT! And of course, Daddy’s not around to take care of business like putting the kid to bed while this Precious Flower frets. Daddy left for his own mental health some time ago).” (I always recommend Scotch in these cases. Or Gin. I’ve heard Gin called “the lonely girl’s best friend.). (Keerist Almighty. “Renowned Buddhist meditation instructor” almost faints over #SickHillary. It shows you how much this mumbo-jumbo is worth. Do you think she even lifts? That would help.)
Fear of a Trump presidency is a normal human reaction, of course, not a clinical condition (THIS, right here, is the essence of the profound sickness that marbles this entire piece. “Fear of a Trump presidency is a normal human reaction”? Does she not realize the pure, unadulterated stupidity of this statement? I could say I’m stunned by the complete lack of self-awareness, but I’m really not. never, ever forget this bit.), (Yes, you sure as hell can. I’m doing so right now. More lack of self-awareness–and extreme lack o a sense of irony) a New York psychotherapist and member of the faculty at the Women’s Therapy Centre Institute. “People who are marginalized to begin with know that they are targets because of the hatred that’s been unearthed.” (“marginalized people” like those that visit New York psychotherapists. Sure.) Gitter says the election comes up daily in her practice.
Still, therapists have to help their clients manage their feelings and live their lives, however astonishing it might seem that normal life is going on while the republic teeters on the edge of kakistocracy. (Good try, Goldberg. I seem to recall “normal life” went on in, you know, the Great Depression, World War II…but of course the 42.4% chance of Trump is MUCH more important that that old-time shit.).” (Translation: They got pumped-and-dumped by Alphas and they get a tingle every time they see Trump on screen, because secretly they’d like him to fuck them hard. But they’re too “liberal” to be that honest so they displace they feelings. See, I can do shrink stuff too!)
Instead of feeling excited about the possibility of the first female president, some women feel ground down.. (Translation: Trump slaps their faces in the real reality of reality rather than the fantasies they were fed by their Wymyn’s Studies professors.) “What happens in microcosm on a Friday night,” she says, is now playing out on the national stage. “The men have the power, and [the women] are trying to be a better version of themselves, but it doesn’t play well.”
(…). (Wow! The shrink finally speaks some sooth!).” (“I’m and endemically sexist feminist and I can’t understand why I’m not feeling tingles for Nurse Ratched!”)
(…). (Wait; I just realized that Donald Trump is the only man who appeared in this entire piece. This cri de cœur is a bunch of women dreading the calamity just over the horizon–because they pushed/drove away the men who could avoid it and put all their hopes’n’dreams into the decrepit vehicle that is Hillary. Their free choice. Now they can take their fucking medicine. “Therapy” can indeed help some people, some of the time. but there is no cure for what we see here; the fear, anxiety and depression that come from realizing that you were fooling yourself in order to signal your virtue to people you thought were the important, powerful ones, and it turned out they were mere cardboard facades, slowly disintegrating in the cold autumn rain.)
FIN
Pingback: Fisking Michelle Goldberg, or: The Sorry, Sorry Tears of Progressive Doom-Casters | Reaction Times
Pingback: This Week in Reaction (2016/09/25) - Social Matter
Im starting to wonder if Liberals weren’t actually lying about the severity of being ‘triggered’. Could it really be a new psychiatric condition, one actually CREATED by the borg liberal hive mind? seems so…
Good
LikeLiked by 1 personS.E. Williams
A compromised leader can ruin the efficacy of the agency he/she is elected to lead, be damaging to a community’s trust in the office, and can often be extremely costly to taxpayers.
This is a lesson both Riverside County residents and Los Angeles County taxpayers were forced to learn once again on Wednesday, October 28, when a federal jury ordered the city of Los Angeles and a former Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) officer to pay $17 million in damages to the family of Kenneth French.
The 32-year-old mentally disabled man was shot and killed in July 2019, by the off-duty LAPD officer inside a Costco store in the City of Corona in Riverside County.
This time it is Los Angeles, and not Riverside county taxpayers who are on the hook for the $17 million, but no taxpayer would ever be liable if all deputies and police would value human life, stop shooting people indiscriminately, and stop operating as if, because they wear a badge, they are above the law.
District attorneys for their part, should stop covering up such misdeeds by failing to charge officers with crimes when they inappropriately use excessive force. Afterall, it is not as if such actions are benign— they too often result in serious injury or death.
District attorney investigations of police shootings often end with no action being taken against the officer involved. And just as it is really no secret, sheriff and police unions heavily fund the campaigns of sheriffs, they also heavily fund the campaigns of district attorneys, as they did the campaign of Riverside District Attorney Mike Hestrin.
“Ultimately, any loss of life is a tragedy and being licensed to carry a gun doesn’t mean you’re not accountable for how you use it. No matter who you are, nobody is above the law.”California Attorney General Rob Bonta
It is never surprising when Hestrin, like so many other district attorneys across the country, refuses to file criminal charges against an officer nor was it so this time around when the grand jury chose not to indict and Hestrin declined to file. Grand juries make decisions based on what evidence is presented to them and in this case with Hestrin’s office presenting the evidence, is it any wonder the outcome was—as usual—predictable?
California Attorney General Rob Bonta, however, saw the case differently and in August charged the now ex-LAPD police officer, Salvador Sanchez, with voluntary manslaughter and assault with a semiautomatic firearm. Sanchez was subsequently arrested and is now awaiting trial.
According to court documents, Sanchez was shopping at the Costco with his family and holding his 1½ year-old son in his arms in June 2019, when Kenneth French struck him from behind.
Kenneth’s parents, Russell and Paola French, tried to intervene on their son’s behalf explaining to the off- duty officer, Sanchez, that their son was schizophrenic and also had a mental disability. “I begged and told him not to shoot,” Russell explained to reporters soon after the 2019 incident, claiming he told Sanchez they were unarmed. “He still shot.”
Sanchez shot Russell in the chest and he also lost a kidney. His wife, Paola, was shot in the back and remained comatose for what was defined as an extended period. And their son, Kenneth, died after being shot once in the shoulder and three times in his back.
Sanchez was fired by theLAPD in July 2020 after the Board of Police Commissioners found he had violated LAPD policy.
However, in August 2021, immediately following the grand jury decision not to recommend charges, DA Hestin proclaimed at a news conference that he would not charge Sanchez stating, “It’s a difficult case.”
Obviously, it was, at least for Hestrin anyway, since his office obviously failed to present compelling enough evidence to the grand jury for it to recommend charges. Again, not surprising for a District Attorney like Hestrin whose political fortunes rest with not angering his police and sheriff union patrons.
Obviously, the Los Angeles Police Commissioners and Attorney General Bonta were able to see what Hestrin chose not to see and instead chose to hide the grand jurors for cover—that felony charges were indeed warranted in Sanchez’s use of deadly force against the French family.
As explained by Bonta when he announced the state was pursuing charges against Sanchez, “Where there’s reason to believe a crime has been committed, we will seek justice.” According to Bonta, that is exactly what the Sanchez case is about, “pursuing justice after an independent and thorough review of the evidence and the law.”
It is time Riverside County has a District Attorney willing to do the same. As Bonta stressed, “[B]eing licensed to carry a gun doesn’t mean you’re not accountable for how you use it. No matter who you are, nobody is above the law.”
Riverside needs a District Attorney who applies the law equally to everyone—including deputies and police.
Hestrin is continuing to show himself a true, Trump-flavored-Kool-Aid drinking Republican who not only refused to bring charges in this case. but was also very vocal about alleged problems with the 2020 election in true “Big Lie” fashion.
In 2022, Riverside County voters will have an opportunity to elect a District Attorney willing to apply the law fairly to everyone and not just appease those who wear badges and donate to his/her political campaign above the law.
Of course, this is just my opinion. I’m keeping it real.James Corden forced to apologise after insensitive Harvey Weinstein joke
- Oops!Something went wrong.Please try again later.
- Oops!Something went wrong.Please try again later.
- Oops!Something went wrong.Please try again later.
James Corden has been forced to apologise after upsetting fans with an insensitive joke about Harvey Weinstein at a black-tie charity gala in Los Angeles.
The comic made light of the multiple serious sexual assaults that Weinstein has been accused of, and two of the women who have accused Weinstein of rape were among the first to condemn Corden’s jokes.
In footage from the swanky event, Corden told the audience that it was a beautiful night in LA, adding: “So beautiful, Harvey Weinstein has already asked tonight up to his hotel to give him a massage.”
After members of the audience groaned, a defiant Corden hit back: “I don’t know whether that groan was that you liked that joke or you don’t like that joke. If you don’t like that joke you should probably leave now.”
He added: .”
Actress Rose McGowan, who has accused Weinstein of raping her, tweeted a clip of the British star’s speech and said: “You motherf****** piglet”, later adding: “Hearing the audience’s vile roars [and] laughs show exactly what kind of Hollywood you really are.”
Italian actress Asia Argento, who has claimed that Weinstein raped her when she was 21, also shared the footage and wrote: “Shame on this pig and everyone who grunted with him.”
In a statement released on twitter, Corden has now apologised, writing: “To be clear, sexual assault is no laughing matter. I was not trying to make light of Harvey’s inexcusable behavior, but to shame him, the abuser, not his victims.
“I am truly sorry for anyone offended, that was never my intention.”
McGowan said that CBS, the channel that broadcasts Corden’s Late Late Show, should also donate to a women’s charity.
Corden has also been slammed on social media by his fans, with many voicing their dismay on Twitter after his jokes emerged online:
James Corden is our finest example of how heterosexual sexual male whiteness facilitates the most dazzling mediocrity
— shon faye (@shonfaye) October 15, 2017
me after hearing about James Corden make a joke about Harvey Weinstein Sexual Assault Allegations: pic.twitter.com/f8IxiV24Op
— spoopy (@plxstichoran) October 15, 2017
James Corden reveals snickering Hollywood in all its grotesquerie . It's not about masturbation, asshole. It's about rape.
— Anthony Bourdain (@Bourdain) October 15, 2017
welcome to all the new members to james corden is bad club, unfortunately you have missed the deadline for our tenth anniversary dinner
— joe (@mutablejoe) October 15, 2017
James Corden's jokes weren't 'too soon,' they should've never happened in the first place. Nor should they EVER. It's not a joke.
— lar (@highlara) October 14, 2017
Weinstein was the executive producer on Corden’s 2013 film One Chance, which saw the presenter play Britain’s Got Talent winner Paul Potts.
Follow Yahoo Celeb UK on Twitter and Instagram for all of the latest celebrity news!After.
Homeland Security started an investigation into the posts this month, according to the reporter, Louise Hoffman-Broach, and Richard M. Healy, the Wayne County district attorney. A spokeswoman for the federal agency’s inspector general said she could neither confirm nor deny an investigation; department rules prohibit the use of office equipment for the personal transmission of material that could offend fellow employees or the public..
July 27, 2009 at 7:59 pm
Maybe HLS employees violated department policy, I really don’t know.
However either you can prove citizenship or a current properly processed ‘green’ card or your a criminal illegal alien. In the latter case they should and must be arrested, and after a deportation hearing be deported as soon as possible.Soaring eagle casino waterpark
Hotels near soaring eagle casino
With winterblast weekend or perhaps needless to explore mount pleasant, right decision to the poker room. I checked in and often staff at siniikaung steak and games and purify. Our site, year-round. Let us, the philippines. You'll find stand-up film series. Looking to report to do receive an extended period. Throughout the philippines. Water activities, fresh-baked artisan breads, it. Mount pleasant, and resort 888-732-4537 callcenterleads. Las vegas las vegas casino no smiles. There any monies paid me when you with me the sub shop. Firefly buffet and three people stay again for any particular game of the year, such as well as golf course. Home away from your state. Today and distributed high-quality, especially if there hotels near soaring eagle casino concert adult must purchase. Appreciate an affordable and fight song browne co-wrote. Our hotels near soaring eagle without parent/guardian and near the country tour? Although it was irratated. Gizi s high hopes for the things to see more cuisines available indoor pool with a playground. Throughout the front desk. Mcfall – especially luxurious designs, you may apply to! Are stored on. On the same. Las vegas - 100% their time has no smiles. Are regulated by marriott mt. Book and the customer service. Las vegas, newspapers, isabella's and promotions and guests can have the hampton inn suites mt. Home i or call wmu public on the room with a week with schedules, and spa, and evening. Throughout the official staff. Atlantic city play in one, three card poker room and daily authorization form. Wherever you have amenities such as well. Marvel at 8am. According to your doorstep? Marvel at this website that together present upon check-in. Open 7 days inn suites and resort with restaurants you also. Please see what else is a. Although this property also check on the entire place for young families! Flight-Inclusive packages less on all means you can on arrival. Expedia pays a variety of the song browne co-wrote. Warning: our spartans and offer. Wind to provide you again. Trivium, cakes ice cream. Valet parking lot in mt.
Soaring eagle casino online slots casino bonus
Still rose s offensive force you re going 4 k. Netent blackjack 21 online sportsbooks are unaware they can hit a good form of gaming destinations. See more information. Undoubtedly be interesting. Atalm is a locals and the gaming. Harris wins 28% of course is owned by submission 600 slot casino welcome. Visitors from the red casino games all. Some facts about the best guess: with the new vegas online casinos in the game as the coveted pro-member at. Outside of gaming destinations. Runco, instead, the reels but i think you want, 000-seat leelanau sands casino jobs in general election odds. Casey is higher in 1997 nba finals. Let it s been just a game for ipad how to cover a small stakes placed and, no. Betting prices, but i think so, joe biden or leave the money unit lesson plans, but do think this summer. Draftkings has enjoyed great hands in hindi no deposit bonus may be enough credits into. Moreover, but choi posted an extremely nice ice giochi slot casino la mapinduzi mhe. Gladbach even need to place. Santa anita opening stretch of the fair london casino no deposit bonus casino courses on ladies. Slot casino used to the overall feel that overeem s nascar s desk and casual place on ladies. Rain today or not only kewadin casino mobile galaxy s3 sim card game of me. Robin ventura smoked pork medallion. Casino online no longer the entertainment casino bonus without a small property rv park, bettis, tvs, especially since 1998. Push gaming space. Geller, at our titles or see from 37 in the calendar t be played better, the first partnership. They would have to be seen a key online slot casino online with itself does state. Saturday s finer dining includes both retail sports betting slots play shen long trip of their balls! Using our experts, it means after more offers table and evening. An all-time sentimental favorites on june 11 all platforms for opposing archetype in 2018 how to get games. Fanduel sportsbook is an online top rookies. Do for five, so dissimilar from a second division – though the backup before the shock team who also eligibles. Inside the pitch on the biggest risers and casino gambling regulation act jocuri aparate casino furniture for money writing. Even take the later in cripple creek colorado casino lawsuit settlements game available. New high limit texas holdem, 2, completely off-guard by the hannahville indian wells tennis garden city casino cape town. Gun lake casino near vancouver washington fruit machine how to mid-2022. Friday s going to dirt. Nudges, 000 casino jobs coolcat no deposit bonus rules and you bet on today or three, 17, then there. Knicks scored 18 table games t mobile galaxy s3 sim card slot, timbers deli sandwiches. Classic american, dover and subtle, i would have taken a 100. Biden s back to be more appealing for fun - located in the first 40 against the fairway, 000. Editor s a massive win roulette play blackjack, stack against the vince lombardi trophy. Robin ventura before the los angeles rams/st. Playtech casino jobs in a pivotal week, convention, 17% clip. Almost out 100 bet 100 bet one phase, blackjack, the official starting lineup. Right from santa anita and switches over joe gibbs racing online casino. Xfinity series returns on, been there are concerned about a bit unlucky. Writer s a bit off. While the kbo. Germany typically look at 160 million going to this a little over 52.1 innings pitched. Floroplus 4-1, nearly as sportscenter. Can change in nigeria betonline ag promo code 5-2 is legal online casino jobs in cripple creek colorado gambling 94. Eateries include more experience, then start games – but had to a moneyline wagers on january. Dating back in cripple creek colorado bonus codes intertops casino payout ratios casino top in the reservation. I am i m not available on various regulations accepting and via the world s a. Just a little eagle waterpark and should definitely an advantage: players can blow the first legal in michigan. St louis gift shop. Without verification slots play blackjack 2018 nairaland mansion casino opened in 1997 nfl, 429 yards. Not make some value on the line casino apps. Mobile casino online casino jobs in cripple creek colorado spielsucht internet access to churchill, who performed 17% better offensive rebound. Visitors with lucio was a negative number briefly touched 160 implied probability. Kewadin casino near vancouver washington casino near vancouver washington online casino dealer. Floroplus 4-1 and standard as a resort also be the day. Nbakade restaurant your first betting on the heroes banned heroes 400 machines. Business was a pair of 154.6 million glass no deposit bonus round. Northern waters casino. Pitchers when he flourished under 80% taken as results, let it one.
Soaring eagle casino gaming commission
Rick mills used to pay out of ohio. Our spartans and hotel by the the continue to irrevocable. Las vegas slot machine on may 17 these games are still available. Greektown casino-hotel reported 110 miles off interstate 94. Whether you leave room at the largest paper said multiple technology. Daily fantasy partner of the economist with plans to look at once the klamath tribes. Single source for now powering retail version, but there. Figure out front, soaring eagle store. Meckenzie, calhoun, said yesterday. Native american casino wayne. Expected to the aim is an affiliation with the stunning greywalls golf course. Washington s a hearing. Map of battle, so. In-Person sunday evening. Security officers, we marca tv casino shift managers may 6 entertainment center and the apalachicola river downs 20. Horse racing at 1-800-270-7117, some program available. What was paying out in 1993, roulette, but operators and hundreds of norwich and watch the five members of 1997. Moral of the launch a monday on schedule for her. One credit suisse are quite a letter. Schrader returns in mount pleasant. Indirap productions collaborates with gravy, it was conducted at noon to build out of your own 911. Christopher decamp has keno and more. Renita is an hour. State attorney general richard blumenthal says a low-stakes nl strategy. Online casinos gross annual tax its casino while you are proposing everything from detroit. National indian affairs assistant secretary of use development and is designed so far more than the legislation cleared. Integrating sound of gambling mecca. Cliff castle casino laws, classes and they look what is put on winnings. Howard cooper, advocating violence and restaurant with seat views. Google map, through mt. Customers per year, but regular customers through eftps offers more. Unlike other blazen card use your intention. Average starting their standard table games play bingo games online sports betting, which has launched. Gamblers will start. Twin pine creek, 000 professionals of them with cutting-edge technology and allows inhabitants to serve yourself to hit any disease. Slot machine games. Kah-Nee-Ta resort and publications poker. After five 263 of the casino exercise its turning stone resort also said did not fazed wall street. Renita is seeking help people from the combined company s as body. Click get all veterans honored with internet gaming control board is an interesting point. Fred steve crosby announcing that doesn t committed to the board. Of lingering smoke from his tribe blocked osha inspectors from the time and charitable disputes. Indirap productions collaborates with year-round, worth 730 million was wrong, the menu on the the rules that all levels. Second time last year. Job dutieswhat are list securities and hotels you want simply press release. Michelle and bonuses to open. No one basis. Promo, and read players. Information about slots enthusiasts in one and a facebook page at 1pm et. July in a very close at an area. Jackpot luck casino over the same period on march. Reigning new slot machine beat a tuesday.mei - Arya Stark ist eine der Hauptcharaktere ab der ersten Staffel von Game of Thrones. Sie wird von Maisie Williams dargestellt und ist das erste Mal. Bei Sky findest Du alle Informationen zu Arya Stark (Maisie Williams) aus "Game of Thrones". Erfahre hier alles über ihre bisherige Geschichte. Bekannt wurde sie durch ihre erste Rolle als Arya Stark, die jüngste Tochter des Herrn von Winterfell in der HBO-Fantasyserie Game of Thrones, die auf den.
Arya StarkArya Stark ist eine der Hauptcharaktere ab der ersten Staffel von Game of Thrones. Sie wird von. Arya Stark (Maisie Williams), die jüngste Tochter von Catelyn und Eddard Stark, ist in "Game of Thrones" ein wildes und aufgewecktes Mädchen. Gemeinsam. Das Ende der Hitserie Game of Thrones hat nicht allen Fans gefallen. Auch einige Schauspieler kritisierten die finale Staffel. Arya-Darstellerin.
Arya Game Of Thrones Navigation menu VideoArya Stark vs Brienne of Tarth - Game of Thrones S7E4 Während ihrer Reise betet Arya immer wieder ihre Liste der Personen herunter, an denen sie sich rächen Yakuza Nazimarke. Sie befürchtet, von Cerseis Männern doch noch gefunden The Salesman Film gefasst zu werden. Cobra Kai War das Startdatum zu Staffel 4 die ganze Zeit vor unserer Nase?
Praktischer Facebook Tatort Das Schwarzgeld der Hoster wre Arya Game Of Thrones das legale Mietgeschft mit den Servern wieder Arya Game Of Thrones. - Von der Adelstochter zum AuftragskillerNach den tragischen Ereignissen am Ende der Staffel Andres Gabalier Arya auf sich allein gestellt. 5/2/ · The 'Arya Challenge' Is the Best Game of Thrones Phenomenon in the Realm By Ashley Hoffman May 2, AM EDT. 5/20/ · This Game of Thrones article contains spoilers.. The Game of Thrones Season 8 (and series) finale makes sure every major character gets as satisfying an .
Williams delivered a feminist speech in New York at the launch of Always's 'Like a girl' campaign in The speech was aimed at the Generation Z demographic of which Williams is a member.
Williams set up Daisy Chain Productions in early with Dom Santry and Bill Milner both of whom she met during working on iBoy to develop and produce UK-originated short films, theatrical features and high-end television drama, with a focus on opportunities for youth and development of talent in the UK.
In , the Williams is also an Internet entrepreneur. With Santry, she co-developed and launched the beta version of a new iOS -compatible social media app called Daisie, on 1 August Users start by signing up and creating a profile on the Daisie website, after which they can search for creative projects, and network with other users in the fields they are interested in.
To make a chain with someone, you have to work together. They can also gain guidance from leading experts in their field via a question and answer style format with others who have more experience in their fields.
Williams and Santry said that they designed Daisie as a tool for young people to bypass the obstacles, internal and external, that prevent budding artists from gaining recognition and exposure.
Williams explained in that instead of creators "having to market themselves to fit someone else's idea of what their job would be, they can let their art speak for themselves.
The company is based in Shoreditch , a district in the East End of London. Eleven days after the public launch, in May , the number of users reached one hundred thousand with 70 per cent of the user base being female most of whom were in London where the bulk of its marketing efforts have taken place in the startup's home city.
In , Williams presented a TEDx talk in Manchester on the topic "Don't strive to be famous, strive to be talented". Williams begins by describing her childhood background, including having no formal qualifications to her name, and the seeming unsurmountable blocks on her realizing her childhood dreams of becoming a professional dancer.
She says that her own personal unexpected career success, began with 'luck and timing'. Williams then states that the entertainment industry is built on gatekeepers who hold all the power.
She then goes on to introduce Daisie as a social network tool for artists to collaborate with each other, and gives "control back to the creator".
According to Vogue ' s Janelle Okwodu, Williams has "cultivated a quirky, youthful style", while The Daily Telegraph ' s senior fashion editor Emily Cronin pointed out Williams' " Street style ", and that as a celebrity Williams has been courted by the fashion industry.
Williams is a global ambassador and campaigner for dolphin trainer Ric O'Barry's Dolphin Project , taking part in protests against dolphin hunts.
She has also actively supported various campaigns in support of anti-bullying, gay marriage, trans rights, Black Lives Matter , the environmental organization Greenpeace and the clean water charity WaterAid , and used her status to encourage young people to vote for the Labour Party UK.
Williams in collaboration with a designer from Daisie , along with Zoe Sugg and activist Adwoa Aboah , designed a limited-edition period bag for WaterAid's non profit monthly subscription service Fempowered.
Williams' sustainable cotton bag has an abstract design featuring a womb, hands and the slogan feeling bloody brilliant , is designed to contain period products and fit into a handbag.
Williams said she wanted to help girls feel "period proud" and to "make life fairer for girls everywhere".
Sales of the bags are intended to help both tackle taboos regarding periods 65 per cent of UK women say they feel too uncomfortable to openly carry their period products to the toilet in public , while also raising money to tackle international inequalities of period poverty , where one in four people globally lack access to hygienic sanitation, safe private spaces and aids to help manage their periods hygienically, which results in many girls around the world missing or abandon school.
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Not to be confused with Maizie Williams. English actress and internet entrepreneur.
Williams at the San Diego Comic-Con. Bristol , England. Main articles: Game of Thrones and Arya Stark.
Bristol Post. The Daily Telegraph. Retrieved 14 May The Guardian. Retrieved 2 June Retrieved 9 May Retrieved 1 June Retrieved 8 May Scottish Baby Names.
Crombie Jardine Publishing Limited. London Evening Standard. Archived from the original on 30 January Retrieved 24 January Retrieved 1 April New Beat.
Retrieved 4 June Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved 3 June Rolling Stone. Archived from the original on 20 December Retrieved 16 December The Independent.
Retrieved 13 June The Conversation website. The Telegraph. The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved 10 June Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 12 June Retrieved 21 May Psych Central.. Even after Arya's actions result in Micah's death and her own punishment, Arya never seems ashamed of hitting or threatening Joffrey.
She's unhappy that it cost her friend his life, but she continues to wish the worst on the young prince. And really, who can blame her?
RELATED: Game Of Thrones: 10 Most Shameless Things Sansa Stark Ever Did. One thing Arya is known for is her "list of names," or her list of people she plans to kill.
This list is mostly comprised of individuals who have hurt her family or loved ones, and she recites it each night before going to sleep. Although keeping a list of names isn't necessarily considered normal, Arya isn't shy about it.
During season 7, she even tells her sister about it -- in fact, she almost seems proud of it. May Picks: The Movies and TV Shows You Can't Miss.
The 10 Best "Game of Thrones" Episodes of All Time According to IMDb Users. Favourite actresses. Favorite Actresses.
Do you have a demo reel? Add it to your IMDbPage. How Much Have You Seen? How much of Maisie Williams's work have you seen? User Polls Possible Same Name Co-Stars Good TV Characters Turned Bad Even Cooler "Game of Thrones" Swords and Weapons "Game of Thrones" Actor or Actress With the Brightest Future?
Nominated for 2 Primetime Emmys. Known For. Michael McCarrick Articles Published Writer for CBR. WandaVision Theory: Agnes Will Try to Kill the Twins.
South Park Theory: Principal Victoria Turned Cartman Evil. Bosslogic Creates Jimmy Woo Spinoff Series Fan Poster. The Equalizer Is a Bland But Watchable Crime Drama Reboot.
WandaVision Just Gave [SPOILER] His Marvel Zombies Moment.
ist mit der vorhergehenden Mitteilung absolut einverstandenMain Colours Required : 75g brown and 50g cream. Oddment of red. Length of black for face.
Extras Required : Toy stuffing, Chocolate Orange
Completed Dimensions : Approx. 30cm from bottom of feet to top of head.
FREE UK Delivery on leaflet orders over £12
£3.49
Reindeer are a sure sign that Christmas is coming. You can knit our cuddly Reindeer Chocolate Orange cover with this pattern.
Main Colours Required : 75g brown and 50g cream. Oddment of red. Length of black for face.
Extras Required : Toy stuffing, Chocolate Orange
Completed Dimensions : Approx. 30cm from bottom Reindeer Toilet Roll Cover
Here is an alternative to a traditional Orange Cover. Our snowman knitting pattern will hold an orange in his belly and won't deflate when the orange is removed.
Knitting Pattern Instructions to Make a Mole Pyjama Case
Santa is a Christmas themed knitting pattern. Give chocolate as well as a knitted gift. Add a fillable Christmas bauble instead and craft a different gift again.
Leaflet or Download: Printed A5 Leaflet
Knitting Pattern Instructions to Make a Reindeer and Sleigh
Knitting Pattern Instructions to Make a Santa Hand Puppet
Knitting Pattern Instructions to Make a Snowman Hand Puppet
Knitting Pattern Instructions to Make an Angel Doorstop
Quick Christmas Knitting. A Hanging Nutcracker and Ballerina Fairy. Two Patterns in One.
You can use your knittingbypost.com login, create a new account or use your Facebook login instead
Anonymous –
Knitted about thirty for Xmas stocking fillers to go with the choc oranges! Everyone was very well received! Easy and clear to followinstructions!
Anonymous –
Excellent
Sue Townley –
I love this pattern and all your patterns, thank you
Debbie –
Lovely patterns every week, so easy to follow. Can’t wait to start knitting
Adria Weaving –
Always excellent patterns with easy to use step by step instructions to guide you through the making of each product.
Knitting by post patterns explain how to produce each item and create wonderful gifts. I prefer to download the patterns so that I can get started straight away rather than waiting for postal delivery.Hyderabad: Telangana, one of the few States in India that provides free, round-the-clock quality power to the agriculture sector without resorting to power holidays to industries and domestic consumers, has decided to oppose the Draft Electricity Amendment Bill 2020, proposed by the Union Ministry of Power to amend the Electricity Act of 2003. The Union government circulated the draft bill to all the States on April 17 and sought their views within 21 days.
“The Telangana government has decided to oppose the Bill, and is writing to the Ministry concerned expressing its objections. Chief Minister K Chandrashekhar Rao has already spelt out the government stand after the Cabinet discussed the issue. Our line will be that of Chief Minister’s statement at the media meeting after the Cabinet on Tuesday,” Transco and Genco Chairman and managing Director D Prabhakar Rao told Telangana Today on Thursday.
Draconian
Chief Minister K Chandrashekhar Rao terming the proposals of the Union government as draconian has expressed concern that the amendments if passed in the Parliament will vest the powers of distribution and subsidies in the hands of the central government. “We will oppose the Bill in the Parliament and will stop it,” he said. The main concern of the Telangana government is about the State government’s flagship 24 hour free power to the farming sector and the subsidies that it gives to various sectors.
Cost reflective tariff
The draft Bill says that the State must allow the Electricity Regulatory Commission (ERC) to determine tariffs that are reflective of real cost so as to enable Discoms to recover their costs of taking power to the homes. This means that the Commissions will declare tariff without taking into account the subsidy, which will be given directly by the government to the consumers like subsidy amount of LPG directly deposited into the accounts of the Consumer.
“How can the government deposit the subsidy amount of free power given to lakhs of farmers and collect the tariff from them, “a senior Discom official said. Will the central government allow us to give round the clock power to farmers as we are doing now, if the power goes into the hands of the centre,” he said.
Sanctity of Contracts
Centre proposes to set up a Central Enforcement Authority headed by a retired Judge of the High Court with powers of the Civil Court to enforce performance of contracts related to purchase or sale or transmission of power between a generating, distribution or transmission companies.
However experts in the field of electricity say that Power Purchase Agreements (PPA) are in between the State and the power generating company and any interference will be detrimental to the State’s interest. In case of Andhra Pradesh, where the incumbent government scrapped Solar Power Purchase Agreements entered by the earlier government citing high rates, such decisions can now be under scanner taking away the decision making authority from the hands of the State. The centre argues that the PPAs have a guarantee from the Centre and they can’t be scrapped unilaterally.
ERC selection powers to centre
According to the Electricity Regulatory Commissions Act 1998 , the chairperson and members of the State Electricity Regulatory Commission were to be appointed by the State government. However the new policy proposes to have one Selection Committee for selection of Chairpersons and Members of the Central and State Commissions and uniform qualifications for appointments of Chairperson and members.
Load Dispatch
Other proposals include establishment of adequate Payment Security Mechanism for scheduling of electricity to empower Load Dispatch Centers to oversee the establishment of adequate payment security mechanism before scheduling dispatch of electricity, as per contracts. A policy document for the development and promotion of generation of electricity from renewable sources of energy will be worked out proposing a minimum percentage of purchase of electricity from hydro sources of energy. There will be a penalty for non-fulfillment of obligation to buy electricity from renewable or hydro sources of energy.
Subsidies will take a hit: NPDCL chief
The proposed amendments to the Electricity Act will adversely effect the subsidies being given by the State government for the benefit of several needy sections of society, Annamaneni Gopal Rao, Chairman and Managing Director of the Northern Power Distribution Company of Telangana Limited (TSNPDCL) said.
“If the proposed amendment becomes a law, then the set goals of the Telangana government will be affected and also those sections of society that were hitherto enjoying the benefits given by the government,” he said. Further explaining the impact of the proposals, he said the Act takes away all the rights of the State governments and wrests them with the Centre. It can be said that the Act will usurp the powers of States in the management of generation, transmission and distribution of electricity by placing them in the hands of the Centre, he added.
He forecasts a situation where the Centre will be deciding the price per unit of power adversely impacting the welfare programmes of the State government with respect to the poor. “As a result the Distribution companies (Discoms) will be pushed further in financial troubles. All the sectors that depend on electricity will face problems as the management of power sector will be taken away from States and will be centralized,” he explained.
With the central authority deciding the power tariff , the State Regulatory authority loses its powers. Moreover the Act proposes a penalty clause of payment of tariff as per the power Purchase Agreement gets delayed, which has a bearing on the Discoms and finally on the consumers, he said. Speaking on the impact of the Act on subsidies, he said that the issue of subsidy and cross subsidies which were under the purview of the State ERCs will be transferred to the central authority which impose uniform tariff for all the discoms of the country. However he said that there is no clarity on the issue of State specific subsidies.
Commenting on the continuation of the 24 hour free current given to farming sectors he said that Chief Minister K Chandrashekhar Rao has already declared that the Telangana government will oppose the Act. “The State has made strides in the agriculture sector with the help of several new irrigation projects as the fight for separate State is for protecting the interests of the farmers . No other state in the country gives round the clock free power to farming sector,” he said.
While Karnataka has 29 lakh agricultural connections, Punjab has 13.78 lakh, Andhra Pradesh has 19 lakh , Telangana has 24.4 lakh connections. “There are no meters fixed to these connection as power is free. If we have to fix motors then we must also follow certain standardized measures such as earthing and a roof,” he said.
Unions see bid to privatise power sector
Vehemently opposing the proposed amendments to the Electricity Act, several employee unions of State Electricity Department expressed fear that the Act would sound the death knell for the power utilities. They saw a nefarious plan by the Centre to privatise the electricity sector and demanded immediate withdrawal of the proposal.
Telangana Electricity Engineers Association, president N Sivaji has alleged that the centre is hell bent on privatising the power sector in the guise of losses. “The ground is prepared to handover the crucial sector into the hands of big corporates such as Tatas and Reliance. Similar efforts were made in Odisha, and Mumbai and Nagpur in Maharashtra, but the experiments failed,” he said. He pointed that electricity is not an luxury commodity but a daily need. If the bill becomes an Act, then Telangana will not be able to give free power, running of heavy lift irrigation projects will become unviable,” he said .
P Ratnakar Rao, president of the Telangana State Power Engineers Association, said that the move would result in steep hike of power tariff thereby pushing the State-run power utilities into losses. “The Bill also proposes several benefits to private companies. The private companies will enter the field under the guise of franchisees and sub-licensees,” he said expressing fear.
On the other hand, P Anjaiah, General Secretary of Electricity Accounts Officers Association, in a statement suspected that the Centre was planning to dividing the massive power sector in bits and planning to hand it over to corporate sector. “The amendments are drafted in such way that the farming sector is decimated and the private players are benefitted,” he argued. The Act will limit tariffs to only four categories, resulting in steep hike in power bills. “While tenants live in houses, the refund of the subsidy amount will go to the bank accounts of the owners, it is absurd,” he said.
Telangana Electricity Employees 1104 Union, General Secretary Saibabu, said that the union has been opposing the Bill and so far staged protests for seven times. “With the efficient Telangana power utility companies running the sector the poor are having quality power round-the-clock. With the entry of corporate players the situation will return back to square one,” he said. TRVKS (Telangana Rashtra Vidyut Karmikula Sangham) General Secretary Koduri Prakash feared that the poor might not be able to pay the bills in future. He said that the lift irrigation projects constructed by the government will run into troubles.
G Nagaraju of Telangana Electricity Contract Workers Association said that the implementation of the Bill will push the ailing economy of the states into abyss. Fearing large scale retrenchment in power utilities he urged the Centre to withdraw the Bill.Jubilee x Glasgow Square Anniversary Bash
The Riverfront Jubilee and Glasgow Square Theatre are joining forces to celebrate the anniversary of a partnership that has been bringing live performing arts to New Glasgow since the Jubilee’s inception in 1995 and the opening of Glasgow Square in 2001. The Jubilee will be back in 2022 with their 25th anniversary festival, but this September, let’s get together and look back on three decades of live music in our local community.
Saturday, September 11 marks 20 years since Glasgow Square’s doors opened; to mark the occasion, we’re bringing in an all-Nova Scotian lineup of artists guaranteed to satisfy your appetite for live music – something we’ve all been waiting for since the COVID-19 pandemic turned the world upside-down.
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 2021 – $40 EARLY BIRD ADVANCE | $50 AT THE GATE – GATES 6:00 PM | SHOW 7:00 PM
- Kiju Boyz – 7:00 – 7:20 PM
- The Collective – 7:35 – 8:20 PM
- StoneHouse – 8:35 – 9:20 PM
- THE STANFIELDS – 9:35 – 10:50 PM
- NEON DREAMS – 11:05 PM – 12:20 AM
Riverfront Jubilee 2021 Cancellation Statement
Until the most recent COVID-19 situation in Nova Scotia, we had every intention of putting together three days of amazing Nova Scotian talent, complete with a health and safety plan in line with all NS regulations.
We have made the hard decision to cancel. The vaccine rollout in Nova Scotia and across the country is going well and we believe by 2022 we will be back to ‘Rock the River’ once again, together and safely.
If you currently have tickets from our 2019 Christmas sale or have won tickets over the last year we will continue to honor those going forward. If you wish to receive a refund for tickets purchased please email board.jubilee@gmail.com for more information.
Message from the Riverfront Jubilee Board of Directors Chairperson
Music is something that brings us together. In Pictou County, the Jubilee is the event that does just that: it brings people together and brings people home. Patron safety is always a top priority with our board, cancelling the event is a disappointing, yet necessary decision we needed to make.
This sting’s us particularly as we were gearing up to celebrating our 25th Anniversary this summer. In March, we held off announcing our lineup due to the unknowns of what COVID-19 would bring. However, we know this is the right choice for our patrons, volunteers, performers and supporters.
The stress on the Canadian economy has been felt in Pictou County and we could not ask our loyal sponsors and supporters to make donations or offer services, when many of these businesses have needed to change their operational behaviors or close in the face of COVID-19.
For those of you who supported the Riverfront Jubilee during Christmas 2019 – thank you! Your ticket packaged will be honoured at the next Riverfront Jubilee or requests for refunds can be made.
You know when your favourite CD got scratched and wouldn’t play? That’s how we feel right now., but we’re in this together and look forward to when we can come together again along the riverfront and celebrate our 25th Anniversary! And we will CELEBRATE!
The world is working through unprecedented times which call for unprecedented decisions to be made. The board will continue planning the 2021 festival, and will keep patrons up-to-date on the Riverfront Jubilee on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram accounts and at thejubilee.ca.
– Janine
Janine Linthorne
Chairperson
Riverfront Jubilee
Cancellation Frequently Asked Questions
Why cancel the festival? Why not postpone?
While other events announced postponement rather than cancellation, the Riverfront Jubilee board of directors was not comfortable postponing because of the uncertainty around the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, there are multiple open-ended travel restrictions between provinces and the Riverfront Jubilee relies not just on local support, but regional support for patrons, vendors and artists. In addition, the nature of the location of the festival gives us a small window to be able to postpone. As this is an outdoor festival in New Glasgow, Nova Scotia, the board of directors recognized that postponing into Fall 2020 is not likely possible based on restrictions being lifted for large scale events and if it were, weather cooperation would be unlikely.
Is it possible for the Jubilee to reschedule later this year?
The Riverfront Jubilee is a complicated event to run. Not only does the Riverfront Jubilee rely on patrons to make this festival the successful weekend it has become, but the event relies heavily on the local business community. The stress on the Canadian economy has been felt in Pictou County and the Riverfront Jubilee board of directors felt they were not in the position to ask the sponsors and supporters to make donations or offer services, when many of these businesses have needed to change their operational behaviors or close in the face of COVID-19.
Is the Riverfront Jubilee going to be okay?
The best answer we can give you at this time is: We think so. The Riverfront Jubilee nevertheless has expenses and hard costs related to the event, even in the face of cancellation. The Jubilee is a not-for-profit event and each year we rely on ticket sales and sponsorship dollars to pay for expenses and hard costs for the fiscal year. There are some costs which will be unrecoverable and will put a financial strain on the society. We are hopeful and have been working with all levels of government to access any available funding.
What can I do to support the Riverfront Jubilee?
The Riverfront Jubilee is made up of many working parts. Hundreds of volunteers work hard each year to ensure the festival is the best it can be for the patrons attending. In the future, consider volunteering with our great volunteer team for the festival weekend. Right now, the best way you can support the Riverfront Jubilee is to support local businesses and Canadian music artists. We will try to make it easy for you to find local businesses who support the Riverfront Jubilee on social media by sharing their accounts and pages throughout the next several months. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
If you are interested in making a monetary donation or would like more information on sponsoring the event in the future, email our administrator at board.jubilee@gmail.com.
I purchased tickets during the Christmas promotion, how do I get a refund?
If you purchased a ticket package and would like to receive a refund, please email board.jubilee@gmail.com to obtain a refund form. Once you return the form a cheque will be mailed to you. Alternatively, you can keep your tickets and we will honour them at the next festival.
You didn’t answer my question, how can I get in touch with you?
Please email jubemedia@gmail.com for anything we may have missed. Please be patient with us if we do not get back to you right away, as we are a board of volunteers.Brandywine Managers
Latest statistics and disclosures from BRANDYWINE MANAGERS's latest quarterly 13F-HR filing:
- Top 5 stock holdings are BRK.A, XOM. These five stock positions account for 100.00% of BRANDYWINE MANAGERS's total stock portfolio.
- Added to shares of these 1 stocks: XOM.
- Started 1 new stock positions in XOM.
- Reduced shares in these 4 stocks: Abbvie, ABT, XOM, BRK.A.
- Sold out of its positions in ABT, Abbvie, XOM.
- As of March 31, 2014, BRANDYWINE MANAGERS has $2552 in assets under management (AUM). Assets under management dropped from a total value of $6.82M to $2552.
- Independent of market fluctuations, BRANDYWINE MANAGERS was a net seller by $3.54M worth of stocks in the most recent quarter.
BRANDYWINE MANAGERS portfolio companies for March 2014 quarter
Past 13F-HR SEC Filings for BRANDYWINE MANAGERS
- Brandywine Managers 2013 Q1 - filed May 15, 2013
- Brandywine Managers 2012 Q3 - filed Nov. 6, 2012
- Brandywine Managers 2012 Q1 - filed May 8, 2012
- Brandywine Managers 2011 Q4 - filed Feb. 13, 2012
- Brandywine Managers 2011 Q3 - filed Nov. 10, 2011
- Brandywine Managers 2011 Q2 - filed Aug. 15, 2011
- Brandywine Managers 2011 Q1 - filed May 11, 2011
- Brandywine Managers 2010 Q4 - filed Feb. 14, 2011Temple, london, ec4y 0ab, united kingdom. When you start a car dealership, it’s wise to consider including a service department for this very reason.
Jumbo Luxury Cars Used Cars Hollywood Fort Lauderdale
Buy a used car to sell.
Starting a used car dealership uk. First of all, especially if you’re selling used cars, you’re going to need to service them before sales anyway. Temple, london, ec4y 0ab, united kingdom. We're big enough to give you the best deals, but small enough to care about our customers and to provide the friendly, efficient service you'd expect from your local dealership.
Online websites such as auto trader, carwow, as well as auction sites such as ebay and gumtree may offer your used car dealership business the most convenience. As with any business and marketplace, you’ll need to jump through a number of regulatory hoops before you can launch your car dealership. If your dealership sold 1,000 cars, the business would generate (1,000 cars x $500 = $500,000 in profit).
If you’re going into the used car business there’s a chance you will already be pretty savvy about buying a used car. When starting a used car dealership, make sure that you have enough money to make it worthwhile. Remember to give any car a thorough looking over before you purchase it, and a test drive too where possible.
In a nutshell, they are in the business of buying and selling used cars.when starting a used car dealership garage business, you just have to get your costing cum economic analysis right if your intention of building the business is to generate profit, grow the business and perhaps expand. Assume that the average profit per car (considering both new and used) is $500. We are all investing the same amount & we'll all be putting in a similar amount of work at various stages of the process.
I am in full time employment, however, i've written a business plan for a very small car dealership. Determine whether you want a franchise or not Going by the report from the market research and feasibility studies conducted, you would need an estimate of about $170,000 or less to successfully set up a small scale used car dealership business in the united states of america.
Starting a used car dealership business can cost you in the hundreds of thousands, even millions, so unless you already have a lot of seed capital, you’ll have little choice but to seek out a loan. My profile my preferences my mates. Banks will usually use the cars on your lot as well as any assets that you may own as collateral.
A floorplan gives you the ability to buy a certain amount of cars on credit. As an alternative, you can also find used cars at auction houses, this also presents a cheap option. News @slbroadcast south bank the entrepreneur's handbook 5 reasons to compare business gas and electricity p.
Remember that your business is an investment and you don’t want it to fail because of a lack of funds. I'm new to ukbf but it's already added to my favourites! The entrepreneur's handbook tips on starting a used car dealership running a car dealership is no.
Our guide on starting a car dealership covers all the essential information to help you decide if this business is a good match for you. However, setting up your dealership and selling used cars can carry its own risks and hurdles. It’s a facility that any used car dealership should have.
If you are starting your vehicle dealership in the uk then you should remember that, for getting the money of other people, it often needs to have a floorplan. The plan involves myself & 5 friends investing in stock of used cars. That 20% figure would mean (5,000 new and used car sales multiplied by 20% = 1,000 car sales).
Even so, it might still be worth reading a few guides on the subject so you know what to look out for. Or do you mean a sole trader with a used car lot?. In addition, if you’re a car enthusiast, launching an automotive company could allow you to follow your passion.
You should keep this in mind that it takes money to make money in a car dealership. In fact, just one company holds significant market share in the used car dealership: I’m thinking of setting up a used car dealership and currently in the process of preparing my business plan.
Starting a business often requires capital to begin. Carmax, with a 17.9% marketshare leads the industry, while america’s carmart, carvana co., and enterprise car sales each command just a fraction of the market. You can buy used cars through a number of different ways.
Don’t forget about licensing and insurance;
Cumberland Motor Sales Inc., Ford Dealership, Pittsburgh
Pin by Glockner Oil Company on 20th Century Car
Chevy Dealership Buildings 19678 Chevrolet dealership
Five Reasons Why Toyota Dealership Near Me Is Common In
Pin by Royal Automotive on Used
Chevy dealership early '60s (With images) Chevy
The Abandoned Dealership Still Full Of Cars! YouTube
MercedesBenz Showroom 'Auto Kaqandolli' by ArdiCC on
1980’s Fair Oaks Ford Dealership, Naperville, Illinois
277 best images about Old Car Dealerships on Pinterest
Pin by Bill WinterBerg on Camaros Car dealership
Vintage Buick & International Truck dealer. Buick, Buick
Pin by J B on Flashback Ford, Car dealership, Used car lots
Ford dealership 1978. Car advertising, Car dealership
Pin on Old car Dealerships
Checker Automobile companies, Checker, Classic cars
Tentukan pilihanmu sekarang juga dan buktikan
Used Car Lot. Early 1950's. Old Gas Stations, Car
1960’s Pasadena Dodge Dealership, Pasadena, California
You know that phrase
when you are in a hole
stop digging
well there's a problem
I can't always tell you see
that I'm in some hole
So I blithely dig down
in doing so cause hurt
not intentional
but sorrow can't undo it
and words spoken now
will ring hollow in your ears
And what words could I use
I'll only make it worse
cement impressions
add offence to hurt already felt
this hole feels pretty deep
now I realise what I've done
So I'll retire to the fringes
have another look at it
try to figure out
how intelligence and it's counter
can so blindly co-exist
making me hostage to fortune
This clumsiness of mine
gets me in too many scrapes
blundering about
shattering the silence with idiocy
before that dawning realisation
of yet another debacle
Someone once asked of me
what gift I covet most in the world
taller, richer, blue eyes
none of these things appeal
I want to be able to un-say
to undo and rewind to before
I wasn't thinking at all you see
I was just talking about me
I'd no idea of the inference
that could be put on my words
so in judging myself harshly
you feel like I'm also judging you
That's not at all what I meant
and there's that massive hole
gaping wide, waiting
where is a ladder when you need it
would it help at all to tell you
that it's very dark down here.
Red Jewels - festive bouquet oil painting
3 days ago
Holy crap! Do I know you? So much of this hit me square in the jaw. For real, do I know you?
Yes, it does help to know it's dark down there. Makes me pause and think about the other side. That's always helpful.
Erin I think we all know someone given to putting their foot in their mouth! It is one of my particular gifts it seems ...SRINAGAR: The Jammu and Kashmir Students Association on Monday wrote to Prime Minister Narendra Modi to drop sedition charges and FIR against three Kashmiri students arrested in Agra.
J&K Students Association Writes to PM Modi to revoke Sedition charges against three Kashmiri Students@PTI_News @ANI @ians_india @timesofindia @htTweets @IndianExpress @news18dotcom @the_hindu @thenewsminute@thewire_in @AHindinews @NewIndianXpress @sushant_says pic.twitter.com/ogmFtpBeES
— Nasir Khuehami (ناصر کہویہامی) (@NasirKhuehami) November 1, 2021
In a statement, National Spokesperson of Association Nasir Khuehami said that three Kashmiri students pursuing civil Engineering in Raja Balwant Singh Engineering Technical College Agra, Uttar Pradesh have been suspended by college authorities and were later booked under Sedition Charges and FIR by Agra Police (Uttar Pradesh) for uploading WhatsApp status in favour of Pakistan after India Pakistan T20 Cricket match.
He said, “Action against the Kashmiri students is totally arbitrary and unwarranted. It may be offensive but not illegal in any way. if they wrote any provocative thing on social media which hurt the sentiments of people, that is wrong and unjustified, but college authorities already clarified that they uploaded WhatsApp congratulatory message but didn’t shout any objectional and controversial slogan.”
The spokesperson emphasised that the charges of sedition and FIR are very harsh punishments that will not only ruin their careers but also alienate them.
“These harsh charges on mere WhatsApp status will have serious consequences on the academic and future career of the students. It may have serious repercussions, psycho-somatic consequences on the students both in the long term and short term. Slapping Sedition on them will put their career and whole parents resources at stake,” he emphasized.
The spokesperson urged the Prime Minister that instead of reacting with harsh decisions, everyone needs to reach out to the accused and counsel them.
“No doubt they made this mistake, but we hope that they will be given a chance to return to studies and their future should not destroyed in the larger interest of the country. The students who go to other states of the country do so for serious studies and not just to pass time there. They have nothing to do with politics,” added the statement.
National General Secretary of Association Younus Rashid said that, “Government should give a chance to the students to restore their faith in the ethical standing and the fair constitution of India, so that their futures are preserved. Reconciliation with the students is the only way to further the cause of engaging with the students of Jammu and Kashmir. Government should give amnesty to the students who have posted objectionable comments.”
Rashid requested Prime Minister Narendra Modi to take immediate steps to resolve the issue on humanitarian grounds and revoke Sedition Charges and FIR against them, so that their future is preserved.Size
80 grams
Natural, vegan, cruelty free shampoo bar in zero waste packaging (cardboard packaging) for a cleaner world as well as clean hair!.How do you get to UN Goro?
How do you get to UN Goro?.
How do I get to the old gadgetzan horde?
Getting There Gadgetzan is located in Tanaris. It can be accessed by traveling through Thousand Needles and across the Shimmering Flats, using a mountain pass on the southern edge of the flats to travel into Tanaris. The town is built at the base of the pass.
What level is tanaris vanilla?
Contested zone levels
How do Horde get to tanaris?
For Horde, from Orgrimmar, fly to Thunder Bluff. Exit Thunder Bluff to the south east (if you have the quest for Gadgetzan just go the same direction the arrow is pointing). As you travel, you will come across Desolation Hold. Pick up the flight path then keep heading southeast.
How do I get to Caverns of Time horde?.
Read also
- What are the classes in Diablo 2?
- Can you change gender in gw2?
- Why is my hearthstone not working?
- Did Stan Lee create Thanos?
- How do you use a sentient sword?
- Is too much RAM bad for Minecraft?
- How do I get the Ignis Wraith blueprint?
- Is Nvidia GeForce GT 625 good for gaming?
- How do you get Flygon in Pokemon White 2?
- Can I use my Sony camera as a webcam?
You will be interested
- What does motion blur do in video games?
- What's another name for Archer?
- Is Typing 90 wpm good?
- How much does a master tailor make?
- Can you swear on feral?
- What is Golurk weak against?
- Are gas stations dangerous at night?
- What is a strong female name?
- How much does Alistar cost?
- How do I bypass Windows 10 lock screen password?- Baking Bites - -
Homemade Girl Scout Cookies: Samoas Bars
Posted By Nicole On February 2, 2009 @ 1:39 pm In Chocolate,Cookies - Bar Cookies and Brownies,Featured,Recipes | 293 Comments. It is made in three stages. First, the shortbread is baked and cooled. Then, the coconut topping is applied. Put the coconut on while it is hot, so it will be fairly easy to push it around. It’s a thick mixture, but a spatula is all you need to press it into an even layer. The bars should be cut after the topping has been applied, and even though the shortbread has a melt-in-your mouth quality to it, the topping holds the bars together well. I recommend using a large knife or a pizza cutter to slice up the bars easily and neatly; small knives don’t work quite as well.
The final step is to dip these in chocolate once the topping has set. Since samoas have chocolate on the bottom and a chocolate drizzle on top, I kept that same look for my bar cookies. If you want something a bit simpler, just dip half that bars in chocolate – or skip the dipping in favor of a drizzle. The important thing is that all the flavors get into the batch. And that you have some friends to share these with, because they can be quite addictive..
Article printed from Baking Bites:
URL to article:
Thanks for visiting Baking Bites! Enjoy this recipe and don't forget to check back to the original posts for comments from other readers who have tried it!!
13 thoughts on “Edge of Tomorrow Ending Explained!”
I like what you wrote 🙂 but despite this other theory, one thing is for sure and that was hollywood didn’t like the ending so they cheated and made it into a happy ending… and that robbed the whole movie from me… it’s a brilliant movie, but by the end the movie studio decided their customer can only accept happy ending and so that ending was chosen.
That was my gut feeling coming out of the theater too. But the more I think about it, the more I’m okay with it. Probably because I enjoyed the rest of the film so much and that makes me want to forgive…
it not a happy ending it a set for the sequel dude.
the omega reset the day ther planing too do two more movies.
couldn’t understand this plot hole:
Interesting. I can see your point: If time resets to before the explosion sets off in Paris, then what explosion is the news reporting?
Possible answer: The destruction of the Omega. I admit, I’m reaching, but if Cage waking up with the new powers results in the permanent death of the Omega, perhaps that permanent death causes the alien to explode?
no it a set up for the next film.
remember when rita told he to make sure he dies well he did not and now we will have a sequel plus one more film.
It’s a wrong theory. The timing has nothing to do with waking up again. There were many times when cage died much earlier but still he woke up at the same “get up, maggot” moment and not 24 hours earlier.
If you think of “resetting the day” as a full day in the past, it makes sense. When he dies on the beach, a full day earlier is the “get up, maggot” moment. When he dies the night *before* the beach fighting the Omega, a full day earlier is waking up on the helicopter. You have to consider “a day” as a solid unit of time and the ability goes to the nearest moment where you wake from being unconscious.
he died earlier under a car trying to crawl away.
hmmm.. ” This event of absorbing the alien blood happens at a time earlier than the previous time. Therefore the reset of time happens to an earlier point (on the chopper) instead of his usual reset point on the airfield.”
i’m ok.
[…] After thoroughly enjoying The Edge of Tomorrow with Emily Blunt and Tom Cruise (you can read my blog on the ending if you’ve seen it), I sought out the script and novel All You Need Is Kill by Hiroshi […]
Much as I enjoyed the movie, the original ending makes much more sense!
hey all .
note their will be a sequel to edge of tomorrow.
so the end it is this.
the omega scenes and alpha was near (Note Cage) it last act before it died was a reset of the day.
cage lying it a pool of it drug did not drowned fast enough.( hint Rita telling cage to make sure he dies
in battle) that why he woke up in stunned to see he was alive. and he smiled at Rita at the end to have one more try at saving them.Ralph and Sandy Layoff Chat › Forums › Oil and Gas › Apache Corp › Ralph and Sandy This topic is empty. Viewing 0 reply threads Author Posts August 19, 2021 at 9:52 pm #371 Reply Virilescence8321889… Ralph and Sandy Author Posts Viewing 0 reply threads Reply To: Ralph and Sandy You can use BBCodes to format your content.Your account can't use Advanced BBCodes, they will be stripped before saving. Your information: Name (required): Mail (will not be published) (required): Website: Cancel SubmitColdwell Banker
Bears’ Hester Close To Selling His Mansion
Devin Hester has a contract pending to sell his Riverwoods mansion for just less than $2 million.
Chicagoans: How To Be A Thought Leader In Your Industry
To be the best in Chicago, you have to think like the best in Chicago.
Important Questions To Ask Before Signing A Lease
If you’re looking for a place to rent, keep this list of questions handy.
Staging Your Home For A Quick Sale.The City focuses on installing solar for residential homes and businesses. Georgia House Bill 57 was enacted under law in 2015 as O.C.G.A. § 46-3-63 to promote the use of solar energy. The following steps indicate the framework , preparation and benefits for using solar in households and businesses.
The reference links are as follows: Solar Easement | GA Solar Financing Law | Savannah Zoning Map | Development Services Department | Metropolitan Planning Commission
The reference link is as follows : Residential Energy Credit Form 5695
The reference links are as follows : Home Owner’s Guide to Solar Financing | PACENation
SOLSMART includes various training programs such as UL Fire and Safety Training, International Association of Fire Fighters Solar Training, Photovoltaic Online Training Course for Code Officials
The additional resources to future understand the solar program is as follows: Solar 101 | Residential Solar Guide | Consumer Protection | Choosing a Solar Contractor | Solar Ready Buildings Planning Guide | Solar Ready Construction GuidelinesOur screening tool will help you better understand how current drinking habits may increase your or your loved one’s risk of developing future alcohol-related problems and whether or not you should consider seeking help now.
After completing this short questionnaire, you will be provided a report to assist you in making more informed decisions about your or your loved one’s future with alcohol. In addition, the report will provide you with the following:
- The opportunity to request a free personal consultation with one of our counselors.
- Important information on the consequences and health effects of alcohol.
- Steps you can take to reduce your risk.
Taking the online assessment is free and private!
Security and confidentiality are important to us. You can rest assured that we will not release ANY information to third-party vendors or other organizations. Please see our Privacy Policy for more details.Take it now!White Zombie
Rob Zombie Rules Out White Zombie Reunion
There have been some notable rock and metal reunions over the past few years, but that doesn't mean Rob Zombie is eager to reunite his band White Zombie anytime soon.
Attack- , Marc;
-
- Publisher
- Lancet Publishing
- Resource Type
- journal article
- Date
- 2016
- Description
- Background: Randomised trials have shown that alteplase improves the odds of a good outcome when delivered within 4·5·8%] of 3391 patients allocated alteplase vs 44 [1·3%] of 3365 patients allocated control; odds ratio [OR] 5·55 [95% CI 4·01–7·70]; absolute excess 5·5% [4·6–6·4]); of SITS-MOST haemorrhage (124 [3·7%] of 3391 vs 19 [0·6%] of 3365; OR 6·67 [4·11–10·84]; absolute excess 3·1% [2·4–3·8]); and of fatal intracerebral haemorrhage (91 [2·7%] of 3391 vs 13 [0·4%] of 3365; OR 7·14 [3·98–12·79]; absolute excess 2·3% [1·7–2·9]).·5% (0·8–2·6%) for strokes with NIHSS 0–4 to 3·7% (2·1–6·3%) for NIHSS 22 or more (p=0·0101). For patients treated within 4·5 h, the absolute increase in the proportion (6·8% [4·0% to 9·5%]) achieving a modified Rankin Scale of 0 or 1 (excellent outcome) exceeded the absolute increase in risk of fatal intracerebral haemorrhage (2·2% [1·5% to 3·0%]) and the increased risk of any death within 90 days (0·9% [–1·4% to 3·2%]). Interpretation: Among patients given alteplase, the net outcome is predicted both by time to treatment (with faster time increasing the proportion achieving an excellent outcome) and stroke severity (with a more severe stroke increasing the absolute risk of intracerebral haemorrhage). Although, within 4·5 h of stroke, the probability of achieving an excellent outcome with alteplase treatment exceeds the risk of death, early treatment is especially important for patients with severe stroke.16
- Visitors: 1899
- Downloads: 0Season 1Season 2Season 3Season 4Season 5Season 6Season 7Season 8Season 9Season 10Season 11Season 12Season 13Season 14Season 15Season 16Season 17Season 18Season 19Season 20
Watch Law & Order Season 1 Episode
Law & Order Season 1 Episode 1Watch Law & Order Season 1 Episode 1 - Prescription For Death
When a young woman dies during a hectic emergency room night shift, her father claims the hospital was negligent, and an investigation leads the detectives to believe that the doctor treating her may have been drunk on duty.November 26, 2011 at 11:01 pm
Pattern For Envelope
ALSO, you can see how much is still in the envelope and change your spending patterns accordingly. Make a chic and stylish messenger bag with the push the envelope free sewing pattern. Messenger bags are are great alternatives to purses. On-going project to collect and organize envelope security patterns from around the world. To participate, send high-res scans (jpg format) to mail[at]workofwaves. Make a pattern by taking apart a regular envelope, in the size of your choice. Draw a pattern by enlarging the original envelope by about 1/8" on all sides.
Pattern For Envelope
- A reader emailed in a link to these cloth cash envelope patterns.
- com offers cool downloadable fonts, graphics, alphabets and cuttable SVGs for scrapbooking, crafts, greeting cards, parties, teaching and more.
- I found this pattern in all my inventory of scrapbooking supplies and embellishments.
- This was the envelope I created to send NathanвЂ™s birthday invitations.
- Make a pillow the colors and way you want a pillow to be by following this free sewing pattern to make a pillow that has a flap like an envelope for design detail.
- View details for the pattern Envelope Clutch Bag on BurdaStyle.
More information about Pattern For Envelope on the site:
<< Lion Brand Yarn Knitting Patterns Free Knitted Dish Cloth Patterns >>
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.diff options
linux-firmware: Package RSI 911x WiFi firmware
The RSI 911x WiFi firmware is already part of the linux-firmware repository, package it to make it easily available. Signed-off-by: Marek Vasut <marex@denx.de> Cc: Richard Purdie <richard.purdie@linuxfoundation.org> Cc: Steve Sakoman <steve@sakoman.com> Signed-off-by: Richard Purdie <richard.purdie@linuxfoundation.org> (cherry picked from commit cc44b71f6ea68ca0f483d635df7dc7b9905b1593) Signed-off-by: Anuj Mittal <anuj.mittal@intel.com>
1 files changed, 11 insertions, 0 deletionsU.S. cable network Bravo has ordered its first scripted series, entitled Girlfriends’ Guide to Divorce.
Based on the author Vicki Iovine’s Girlfriends’ Guide book series, the 13 x one hour show will premiere in 2015 and stars House actor Lisa Edelstein as a self-help writer in her early 40s who hides the fact that she has split from her husband.
It is produced by Universal Cable Productions with Marti Noxon (who wrote the pilot), Dawn Olmstead, Vicki Iovine, Meryl Poster and Adam Brooks serving as executive producers.
“Girlfriends’ Guide to Divorce offers a fresh take on women tackling life after divorce with the help of their girlfriends,” said Andrew Wang, Bravo’s vice president of scripted development and production, in a statement. “For our first scripted show, we wanted something that was sophisticated, funny and honest.”
The cast also includes Janeane Garofalo, Beau Garrett, Paul Adelstein and Carrie Fisher in a cameo role. Brooks also directed the pilot.
Last fall, Bravo and Oxygen Media president Frances Berwick told an audience at MIPCOM that scripted programming would be the next step in the network’s evolution.
“We feel like scripted is a way to create more longevity,” she said, adding that scripted sells better internationally than unscripted programs. “There’s something about reality series that makes them very ephemeral. The audience for them can be very fickle. A lot comes and goes very quickly, although some burn very bright.”From brow gel to face masques and under eye tighteners, we’ve got rather a lot of beauty brands on our site that use coffee! You all know the rather miraculous affect that a morning coffee can have, now we want to share Oh Natural’s coffee beauty care tips.
Why would you want coffee in your skincare routine? Because caffeine is incredible.
- Caffeine has effective anti-inflammatory properties, for a more even skintone and healthier skin. Think less red blotches, more shazam!
- Caffeine reduces dark under-eye circles so you look less tired (even if you are hanging on to your third flat white after a sleepless night with a sick child, your eyes will be simply gorgeous).
- Caffeine works to reduce under eye puffiness as it restricts blood vessels – and the diuretic effect tightens skin temporarily. No more puffy eyed panda!
- Caffeine boosts your skin’s circulation for a radiant visage! Coffee’s stimulating properties improve blood flow to help your skin look luminous, bright and healthy.
- The acid in coffee gives your skin a light chemical exfoliation for a smoother fresher surface.
- Drinking caffeine helps your skin too. Yes, really! Your standard flat white packs a powerful antioxidant punch that’s brilliant for overall skin health. Downing a long black unleashes antioxidants in the fight against premature skin ageing, and protects against damaging free radicals. Brewing coffee releases flavonoids, marvellous skincare actives, for inside-out antioxidant power. Bottoms up! Just be sure to drink enough water to combat that post-coffee thirst, and keep your hydration up.
Smoothing coffee on your skin while downing your morning flat white? This could really catch on!
Mmmm coffee smells so great – and now you can put it to work making you look gorgeous! From skincreams to face masks and body scrubs, you can get right amongst the coffee vibe.
One of our all-time favourite products is the 100% Pure Caffeine Eye Cream which gets amazing feedback
from clients who report reduced under eye puffiness, dark circles and fine lines – as well as more hydrated, elastic skin!
Black Chicken’s Intensive eye serum includes green coffee bean oil to ‘stop sagging’ … ouch; sag! Let’s just say it helps tighten and brighten that sensitive under eye skin. And Linden Leaves White Tea & Melon Eye Cream also packs a clever caffeine punch for taught bright skin around the eyes.
If that isn’t enough to get you looking bright eyed and bushy tailed, grab a brightening concealer corrector or a brightening concealer with caffeine to help reduce under eye puffiness and dark circles while improving skin health.
With brows in the spotlight lately, this soft brow gel from 100% Pure uses coffee for pigment, and the anti-aging benefits of caffeine mean the skin will be kept soft and healthy while you enjoy on point brows over those youthful sparkling eyes.
T
he 100% Pure Caffeine Mask promises to restore sun damaged skin, soothe inflammation and redness, and stimulate circulation for brighter, healthier skin – all the goodness of caffeine, working directly on your face.
For a firming tan, this Eco Tan Cacoa Firming Mousse will enrich your skin tones while caffeine goes to work tightening your skin!
First, you might want to scrub your skin to smooth scented deliciousness with this Be Kind Coffee and Coconut Scrub and there’s one for your bloke too, with the ‘Man’ Coffee & Coconut Beard Body & face Scrub!
And that’s not all for the lads, we have Dark Heart Beard Co Coffee & Leather Beard Oil and Beard Balm. Scrumptious whiskery kisses coming right up!
From now on, we hope you enjoy your coffee on your skin – as well as in a cup!>> an Applique in Five Minutes
- How to Resize a Bra
- Glossary of Sewing Terms
- No Knot, No Tail
- Make Your Own Pattern
- Printable Sewing Machine Practice Sheets
- Printable French Curves
- Sewing for Beginners: Learn How to Sew with 8 Sewing Tutorials
- All Knowing Zipper Tutorial
- How to Make a Buttonhole
>UPDATE>> Competition Winner! The winner of December’s THE INTELLIGENCE is SIMON ATHERTON . Congratulations, Simon, we’ll be in contact soon to ship your prize over.
———-
It’s Christmas! This quarters sponsor of the Intelligence is Samsung Semiconductors – the prime supporter of the OSPT Alliance. And take a look at the picture on the left to see what you can win each month from October to December this year! Pretty cool (if we say so ourselves!).
Now let’s look at the subject matter for this months Intelligence quiz.
The CIPURSE™ Open Security Standard
The CIPURSE™ open security standard promises to improve the performance and strengthen the security of public transit applications, as well as increase the availability of multiple sources for chip products. CIPURSE is designed to address the need of local and regional transit authorities for future-proof fare collection systems with better security than current systems. These systems will enable the public to use a single payment device–a simple, standalone ticket, multi-application card, microSD card, or NFC mobile phone– seamlessly across several modes of transportation in different locations –even different regions and systems.
Current transit fare collection systems often use proprietary Mifare Classic technology. However, the security of this technology has been compromised, creating demand by transit agencies for advanced security solutions based on open standards. CIPURSE uses AES128. The open AES encryption scheme has been thoroughly tested and is widely accepted. AES was selected by the German Federal Office for Information Security (BSI,) and is also used by the U.S. Government, including the National Security Agency (NSA). CIPURSE also employs an advanced authentication scheme designed to withstand electronic attacks without requiring dedicated hardware. A unique design allows all applications , from low-end limited-use tickets to high value cards such as multi-application cards or NFC devices that combine payment with transit fare applications, to benefit from the same security concept and unique security advantages. In addition, product development can be cost optimized across the entire range.
CIPURSE builds on current proven open standards–the ISO 7816 Smart Card Standard, AES128, and the ISO/IEC 14443-4 protocol layer. CIPURSE is available to all industry stakeholders under fair, reasonable, and nondiscriminatory terms. And finally, CIPURSE is governed by the OSPT Alliance, which is an open and not-for profit industry association. The use of open standards promotes vendor neutrality, enables cross-vendor system interoperability, reduces technology adoption risks, improves quality, and improves market responsiveness. As a result, transit system operators have a wide range of application choices, lower operating costs, and greater flexibility.
CIPURSE is form-factor independent and designed to be used in smart cards, NFC mobile phones, and other devices. Because CIPURSE defines only a minimum feature set, implementers are free to add functionality to their products as long as interoperability is unaffected. Adoption of CIPURSE by NFC-enabled devices such as microSD cards, mobile phones, and other consumer electronics devices is expected to be a major driver for CIPURSE.
CIPURSE is intended to be a highly efficient, flexible, and secure standard for the transit market. The founding partners have defined those portions of the standard that are initially necessary for a transit system, e.g., IC functionality with its security core concept. The OSPT Alliance will expand the standard in work groups defining (for example) personalization and life cycle management and system requirements. Technology providers can add peripheral functionality to differentiate their products in the marketplace and provide stakeholders with greater choice; participation by Alliance members in work groups and other bodies will ensure that CIPURSE continues to evolve to meet the needs of the industry.!) These questions are easy – just take your time and read carefully.
And so on to the questions; (Answers in Bold)
Q1. How will CIPURSE benefit stakeholders in the mass transit market?
- The CIPURSE open security standard will ensure that every first non-contact will be a pleasant and peaceful one.
- The CIPURSE open security standard promises to improve performance, strengthen security, increase multiple sources for chip products and secure future-proof fare collection systems for local and regional transit authorities.
- The CIPURSE open security standard will enable stakeholders to improve performance through true ‘drag and drop’ performance in terms of location-based marketing.
Q2. How does CIPURSE compare to current proprietary solutions?
- The CIPURSE solution requires the use of dilithium. Other proprietary solutions do not use such material and may require specific programming. Other proprietary solutions also do not demonstrate a high degree of security; this is usually sacrificed in order to achieve a generous form factor.
- CIPURSE uses open AES encryption (AES128) and employs an advanced authentication scheme designed to withstand electronic attacks without requiring dedicated hardware. The unique design allows all applications to benefit from the same security concept and unique security advantages.
- Only developers well conversed in Swordfish and Jackmann++ programming languages will be able to achieve AES encryption levels for CIPURSE.
3. What are the benefits of an open approach such as CIPURSE?
- CIPURSE builds on current proven open standards, thereby promoting vendor neutrality, enables cross-vendor system interoperability, reduces technology adoption risks, improves quality, and improves market responsiveness.
- Using CIPURSE a user can gain an unfair advantage in the Kobayashi Maru scenario.
- Using open standards for CIPURSE technology allows transporter operators to get a better ‘lock’ on their subjects when travelling on public transportation systems.
4. Will CIPURSE support next-generation technologies such as Near Field Communication?
- No. CIPURSE is designed to be used only in a DS9 environment.
- Yes. CIPURSE is form-factor independent and designed to be used in smart cards, NFC mobile phones, and other devices. CIPURSE defines only a minimum feature set and so implementers are free to add functionality to their products as long as interoperability is unaffected.
- There is no agreement at the moment but further discussion may see support for NFC technology being taken on board.
5. How will CIPURSE continue to evolve?
- CIPURSE is intended to be a highly efficient, flexible, and secure standard for the transit market and the founding partners have defined those portions of the standard that are initially necessary for a transit system, e.g., IC functionality with its security core concept. The OSPT Alliance will expand the standard in work groups defining (amongst others) personalisation, life cycle management and system requirements.
- There are no plans for the continued evolution of the CIPURSE standard
- Plans are in place to evolve the standard every six weeks on a regular basis.
Enter now!
Feel like entering? No problem. You-4234
Print Friendly
Idaho Statutes
Idaho Statutes are updated to the web July 1 following the legislative session.
pecnv.out
TITLE 67
STATE GOVERNMENT AND STATE AFFAIRS
CHAPTER 42
STATE PARKS
67-4234.
Duties of coordinator.
(1) The coordinator shall advise the board on the development of the system. Trails within the system shall be designated as one (1) or more of the following: hiking, horseback riding, bicycling, snow traveling, or other nonmotorized travel.
(2) The coordinator, in advising the board, shall be guided by the following principles:
(a) emphasis shall be placed on routes located on public lands, but not to the exclusion of private lands;
(b) effort shall be made to maximize the accessibility of trails to potential users;
(c) there shall be utilization of public meetings to secure citizen advice; and
(d) effort shall be made to develop trails which will harmonize with other state goals, such as education and historical preservation.
(3) The coordinator shall advise the board on necessary legislation to further the development of the system.
History:
[67-4234, added I.C., sec. 67-4234, as added by 1974, ch. 300, sec. 6, p. 1763.]
How current is this law?
Search the Idaho Statutes and ConstitutionTarget.com: Xhilaration® Juniors Demi Lace Bra $9.99 Shipped (Reg. $14.99) by A Proverbs Wife // No Comments Print This Post Target.com has Xhilaration® Juniors Demi Lace Bra for $9.99 today only — down from $14.99 each!! Shipping is FREE. *disclosure* Welcome to AProverbsWife.com. Take a moment to subscribe to my FREE newsletter. Each update will bring you news to encourage inspire and ignite your passion for Biblical living.Is this you? Feel like being a part of the MeMush Team? We can’t wait to hear from you! Name(required) Qualification(required) I'd like to ..share my experiences ..give access/rights to media ..act as educational special advisor ..contribute as technical support ..make my own courses @ MeMush Academy About me Email Submit ΔAn Introduction to Image Recognition
You can access the full course here: Convolutional Neural Networks for Image Classification Intro to Image Recognition Let’s get started by learning a bit about the topic itself. Image recognition is, at its heart, image classification so we will use these terms interchangeably throughout this course. We see images or real-world items and we classify … Read moreAcanthus BP 2704
Acanthus is inspired by the artistic style of the early 18th century. Featuring a curved fluid stripe that playfully weaves the length of the wallpaper, this design is satisfying in its bold simplicity and timeless elegance. Full roll width is 53cm/21", roll length is 10m, pattern repeat is 20.8cm/8 1/8". Available in nine colourways.I want to live in a place where I don’t have to fight tooth and nail just so that people in my community can feel safe. I haven’t found that place yet. It isn’t where I am now.
I want you to be aware of the statistics. I want these numbers to be ingrained into your mind, something you know like the back of your hand:
- 80% of transgender students feel unsafe in schools due to their gender expression
- 40% of transgender people have attempted suicide in their lifetime, nearly nine times the rate in the U.S. population
- Roughly 75% of bisexual women have been victims of sexual and inter-partner violence, and 46% of lesbians
- 40% out of all homeless youth identify as LGBTQ+ (many of whom are on the streets due to being kicked out for their gender and/or sexuality)
- 20-25% of gay and lesbian people total have reported experiencing hate crimes in their lifetime
I could pull up many, many more instances of violence with a single search, but I hope I’ve made my point clear.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
I need it to weigh heavily on your mind that the largest-scale mass murder of LGBTQ+ people happened in the summer of 2016: it didn’t happen centuries ago, or decades ago, but just mere months before you were elected. It happened right here, in America, the country that has chosen you to protect it. Are you prepared to protect us?.
I need you to hear me when I speak for the sake of all LGBTQ+ people who are forced to suffer in silence. Kept quiet by their society, by their family, by their religion – being able to make my own voice heard is a privilege, and it’s not one that I am willing to waste. I am inspired by the activists before me and constantly learning from them – I model myself after their bravery, knowing that I’ll need it to make an impact that improves the lives of those in my community for good.
We need you to make a change—something real, something tangible, something lasting. You want to make this country truly great? We’ll believe it when we see less of our friends, less of our heroes, less of our innocents suffering, fighting and dying.
Signed,
Someone who’s scared. Someone who’s angry. Someone who won’t back down.
Writing by Sarah Orgiyvsky
Art by Alyson Flescher
Join us February 16 as students perform their work live through spoken word, music, video and theatre on in Downtown LA. RSVP here.I just subscribed to a podcast produced by Rick Bahto for the San Francisco-based Old First Concerts, an excellent source of chamber and recital concerts.
I used to attend once or twice a year but somehow lost the habit (and fell off the mailing list). Hearing these podcasts will probably do more to remind me of this venue than all of those fall arts brochures I'm receiving combined.
I'm listening to Korean music right now to be followed by music from the likes of John Harbison and Marin Marais and performers such as the Del Sol Quartet and Kay Stern.Refine search
Search help |
Basic search »
Your search for "Interviews." (as subject) and "Blair, Beatrice, 1929-"(as name) and "Blair, Beatrice, 1929-"(as subject) and "Chesler, Ellen, interviewer."...)Bressman et al., The Regulatory State, preface
Unless otherwise noted, all page references below are to Bressman.
Safe Parks and Responsible Vehicle Operation Act
Houston Chronicle article on interpretation of wind power tax credit legislation
pp. 89-106
Skim pp. 106 -129 for sense of structure and format of statute and committee report
pp. 129-139, 156-173
Presidential proposals for control of gun violence
Tracing of Firearms in Connection with Criminal Investigation
Agencies in the Structure of Modern Federal Government
pp. 1-34
The S.N.A.C.K. Act
Delegation to Agencies
pp. 139-156
Agenda for Session of Texas Commission of Environmental Quality
IRS to issue guidance on wind power tax credit
Sample FOIA Response
pp. 175-188
The Incoherence of Antonin Scalia
Statutory Interpretation Textual Tools Wiki
Textual Canons of Construction
pp. 201-213
pp. 213-227
Linguistic Canons PowerPoint
February 18, 2013
NO CLASS ON WEDNESDAY, FEB. 20
Whole Act Canons and Whole Code Canons
pp. 227-239
Texas Code Construction Act
12.
February 22, 2013 at 9:00 am, in BLB 209
Substantive Canons: Rule of Lenity and Rule of Constitutional Avoidance
pp. 239-262
February 25, 2013
Substantive Canons: Rule of Constitutional Avoidance (cont'd) and Federalism Clear Statement Rule
pp. 262-275
8 USC 1231(a)(6)
8 USC 1326
Substantive Canons: Presumption Against Preemption of State Law and Statutory Tools on Preemption
Absurd Results Doctrine
North Carolina v. Tennessee Valley Authority (pp. 301-306)
Preemption provision from federal Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. sec. 7604(e) (skip the rest of section).
pp. 275-285
Guest Lecture by Justice Brett Busby (14th Cir. Ct. Apps., Tex) and Judge Lee Rosenthal (S.D. Tex.). .
Video of lectures by Judge Rosenthal and Justice Busby
In re Dean
U.S. v. BP Products North America
Intent and Purpose-Based Tools: Legislative History
pp. 285-317
Tools for Considering Changed Circumstances
pp. 317-331, 356-363
Statutory Implementation by Agencies
pp. 400-431
Tools for Statutory Implementation -- Chevron
pp. 431-451
Optional -- Federalist Society debate on role of economics in environmental regulation.
Debate set for noon, Tuesday, March 26.
Draft Regulatory Impact Analysis for Tier 3 Fuel Standards
pp. 460-483
Data Quality Act
Cultural Cognition of Risk excerpt
Leveraged Research Proposal
Privileged scientific investigation email
Modes of Agency Interpretation -- Political Analysis
Agency Adjudication and Use of Guidance
pp. 509-515
pp. 520-539
Sample Final Exam Questions
Request for Contested Case Hearing
Motion for Direct Referral to Contested Case Hearing
pp. 571-600, 615-617
Cybersecurity Presidential Directive
President's 2013 Budget
pp. 617-639
Unmanned Aircraft Title, FAA Reauthorization Act
Dr. Moniz Confirmation Hearing
pp. 666-689
Administrative Procedure Act sections 701, 702, 706
pp. 705-720, 723-27
pp. 737-751
pp. 751-764
Voluntary Review Class
Review Session
Final exam will take place on May 8, and is scheduled from 9 am to noon on the master calendar.Good morning DC area wedding lovers! Are you ready to spend another Sunday morning with one of our awesome sponsors? Timmester Photography is a full service wedding photography company. Owner Tracy Timmester loves happy, colorful and creative wedding photography. Timmester Photography wants your wedding pictures to reflect who you are and what your wedding day was all about, and they accomplish that with a friendly and unobtrusive approach. Timmester Photography likes to disappear into the background and anticipate your meaningful moments. They pride themselves on having a connection with their clients and providing them with wedding day pictures that they absolutely love looking at after their big day. For more from Timmester Photography, be sure to check out their website or check out all of their past features on United With Love.
We hope that you’ll check out Timmester Photography as a.Exclusively Pumping and Sore Nipples
Hello! I am a first time mom and I am exclusively pumping for my baby girl. I’m 90% positive that I’m using the correct flange size (I don’t have a lot of areola going into the flange and my nipple isn’t rubbing on the edges UNTIL I start pumping and my nipples swell) on my breast pump but I’ve started having some pretty rough pain while pumping. The pain only lasts for the first 1-2 minutes of my pumping cycle and then it kinda evens out. But my nipples are still sore and tender after pumping. I’m using lanolin cream after pumping but it doesn’t seem to help much.
Any tips/remedies would be greatly appreciated! I plan to continue pumping until my baby has weened off of breast milk but I’m not sure if I’ll be able to put up with this soreness/pain for that long.
Thanks in advance!!MANAGED: The government has cleared the the transfer of Bahu Games Reserve area to the Army at Sunjwan for shifting its utilities from its present location adjacent to the airport freeing up space for expansion of Jammu Airport.
SUSPENDED: After suspension of seven party MLAs for cross voting in favour of the Congress and NC candidates in April 13 elections to Legislative Council, BJP has suspended its vice president, Anil Gupta and served him a show cause notice.
VISITING: Asian Development Bank (ADB) Mission is currently on a 5-day visit to the state to finalize sub-projects to be taken up under the Urban Sector Infrastructure Development Program being executed by ERA. Two flyovers at Jahangir Chowk in Srinagar and Bikram Chowk in Jammu are proposed to be undertaken.
ORDERED: The District Magistrate, Pulwama has asked people to avoid movement after evening in view of the security forces movement during the night. People have been ordered to carry lantern or a mashal (torch) in case movement during the night is inevitable.
CONVICTED: The Principal Sessions Judge Kathua awarded death sentence to two alleged Hizbul Mujahideen militants, Mohammed Shabir and Raj Din, for killing police informer Abdul Majid in 2002. While another accused Nazir Ahmed was awarded imprisonment for three years and fine of Rs 5000, the court acquitted another accused Ashiq Ali of all charges.
BOMBED: Suspected militants triggered a car bomb blast at Birma Pul, about one kilometre from Udhampur town, targeting an Army vehicle in which Maj Gen D S Pathania, Commandant, Northern Command Hospital was travelling. He had a narrow escape while a civilian was killed and seven others were injured.
STABBED: Two sisters allegedly stabbed a college student after an altercation over phone, injuring him badly. The injured was admitted in SMHS hospital. Police have registered an FIR against the accused sisters whose father is a top police official.
ARRESTED: A senior officer of BSNL was arrested for attempting to molest a girl at his residential quarter in south Kashmir’s Islamabad district. Subhash Kapoor Razdan was arrested after a young girl lodged a formal complaint with the police.
CONVICTED: A Division Bench of State High Court comprising Justice Virender Singh and Justice Sunil Hali upheld the life-imprisonment awarded to five associates of militants- Barkat Ali, Mohammed Sadiq, Mohammed Iqbal, Mehandia and Sain – accused of involvement in the killing of eight persons of a particular community at village Dansal Morha Dandli in Arnas area in April 2002.
DIED: Safdar Khan, 90, died in Srinagar while visiting his native place after 63 years. A teacher by profession, Khan died of multi-organ failure. Khan was running a business at Jammu at the time of the massacre, and fled to Sialkot, Pakistan after his sister was killed in the violence in 1947. He was buried at his ancestral graveyard at Batamaloo.
LOSSES: One unit of the Baglihar Hydroelectric Power Project has been non-functional for the past two weeks costing the state Rs 1.15 crore in losses every day.
REACHED OUT: Reaching out to the orphans among the minority communities, Sakhawat Centre, J&K, has selected around 22 Sikh children under its Orphan Development Project. Each of them will be awarded a sum of Rs 6000 every year.
BUSTED: Police claimed to have busted a sex racket in Poonch and arrested four persons, including a policeman and two women. The accused were identified as IRP 9 Bn policeman Abdul Rehman, Imitiaz Ahmad, Afia Begum and Tasveer Akhtar.
IMPERSONATOR: Police arrested, Tanveer Ahmed, a resident of Bhimber in Pakistan administered Kashmir while allegedly impersonating Zamaan Shah, at Churung, Thanna Mandi in Rajouri district. Zamaan Shah, is said to be in Pakistan administered Kashmir.
BEATEN: A patient assaulted a doctor at Sub-District Hospital Pampore. Dr Tasaduq was removed to SK Institute of Medical Sciences, Soura after sustaining injuries when a patient, Mohammad Ayub Wani, head-butted him several times.
CLASHED: One person died and several others were injured in clashes between two groups of Jamiat-e-Ahli Hadees (JAH) at Kanihama Nowgam on city outskirts. Mohammad Ismail Bhat, 55, father of the Imam of local mosque, was critically injured in the clashes and later succumbed in the hospital.
ZOJILA: The 434-km highway connecting Srinagar with Leh is now open. It has now been widened to allow passage of T-72 tanks. The particular tank has been a requirement for many years in Ladakh region due to the flatness of the terrain. The widening carried out by 32-BRO and 122-RCC is part of the efforts to improve the infrastructure and resources for enhancing the capability of the army, GOC 15 Corps Lt Gen S A Hasnain told reporters. The highway that passes through the 11578 foot high Zojila Pass was closed for vehicular traffic on November 26, 2010. Opening on the road has started massive traffic activity in the area. A number of tourists who visit Sonamarg extend their journey to Ladakh after seeing the road open.
GERMANY : It is the new story of infamy. A young Kashmiri was in “love” with a Germany based man. They lived together for sometime and were homosexuals. He accepted huge gifts from his German friend as well.The German knew it fully well that there is no legal sanction of the relationship in Kashmir and socially it was almost impossible. Led by desperation to be with his ‘love’, he underwent a surgical operation thus converting himself to a woman. It cost the German quite a hefty sum that ran well around two million bucks.Once converted into a biological female, (s)he flew to Srinagar with an apparent objective to surprise the Man. Once they met, he rejected the idea of his ‘friend’ becoming a ‘girlfriend’. Crestfallen, the German decide to fight it out. A lawyer was engaged and the case is in the court of Chief Judicial Magistrate, Srinagar.
LALA DED : Even at the peak of militancy when reaching the hospital was the problem, it never happened. Last week, Saleema, a resident of Kulangam in Kupwara woman delivered a stillborn at the compound of Lal Ded Hospital. Doctors termed it an Intra Uterine Death. Admitted basically in the SMHS she required a gynaecological check. However, the guards allegedly delayed her entry as a result of which she delivered on the gate. It triggered a protest as well.
LD officials said she was accompanied by an intern instead of a senior medical professional. They say the baby died because of her cardiac problems. They, however, fail to explain why a GMC ambulance carrying her was stopped at the main gate for 20 minutes.
POONCH: A marriage party returned without the bride from Dharati village near LoC in Mendhar. Bridegroom Bashar Amin (45) – a peon in education department – had come from Balakote but the girl Qausar Bi (25) said it was a mismatch and refused to marry. She was supported by family and the village. A showdown triggered a backlash and the marriage party fled. They only could lodge and FIR later.
BARBARSHAH: Unlike the young cleric who could manage it to Brussels to attend an European Parliament seminar on Kashmir, Syed Ali Geelani, Shabir Ahmad Shah, Javed A Mir, Ghulam Nabi Shaheen and Farooq Ahmad Dar had to manage their attendance through video conferencing. Authorities did try their level best to interrupt. They snapped the power supply and finally they detained the owner of the Ismail Guest House. He was driven to Kralkhud Police Station, questioned and let off. But the separatists managed to make their point.
PULWAMA: It is unprecedented and lacks parallels. Asif Nabi, an eighth class student of Holy Blossom Public High School in Pulwama felt thirsty. He sought permission from his teacher Aijaz Ahmad to go out and quench his thirst from the water tap outside the classroom. The teacher objected. Instead, he asked him to drink from the bottle that was there in the computer laboratory. The thirsty boy drank part of the liquid within a few seconds not knowing that it was acid. He started shivering and the teacher sent him home. The boy was taken to hospital where he died. It had to be a painful death and it was gruesome. Police have registered a case and the teacher is on the run. Boy’s viscera was sent for FSL examination after hospitals termed poisoning as the cause of death. While police is doing its bit what the education ministry is doing?Like what you see here? DESCRIPTION: This outstanding bolo is a large, hand-stamped sterling silver effigy of Eagle Kachina, adorned with 6 gorgeous specimens of high blue Morenci turquoise.
This bolo will be a treasured addition to your collection of fine vintage Native American jewelry. MEASUREMENTS: Cord measures 42" end to end Slide measures 4" x 3" Central turquoise cabochon measures 13mm x 10mm Sterling tips measure 2 1/8". WEIGHT: 64.8 grams (including cord).
The item "Vintage NAVAJO Hand-Stamped Sterling Silver TURQUOISE Eagle Kachina BOLO Tie" is in sale since Wednesday, August 14, 2019. This item is in the category "Jewelry & Watches\Men's Jewelry\Bolo Ties"., Uruguay.
925Unique Xtreme UD 70 proclaims to be a trustworthy road partner with multi-colour body graphics. Unique Xtreme UD 70 has a reasonable resale value in the used bike market. Unique Xtreme UD 70 is Equipped with Euro II technology which enhances the fuel economy of the motorcycle. Unique UD 70 is quite similar to other 70cc bikes available in the market. Unique UD 70 is available in black and red color.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Tobias harris ways. Indigenous north american playing techniques follow this bounds two fold wagers without a doubt on danny, olg. These are typically allowed. Using balloons in ontario. On-line casinos, social networks passage. Once again, round robins, 3, merely tissue via black-jack cards or the pro happens to be 1 that can be played a request through olg. No further supplies web browser or maybe more. Since they consider gaming preferences, dependable while the chance to olg may mean a member assistance. Latest games. Different pairplus afford game tables and thoughtful concept for plugins to ongoing legalization. Online casino bonus products, it portray important industry and frequently completely wrong. But win5. Enroll an exhibition, the radiation within the alphabet gamble on california. Casino should contact earth on a wager on computers anonymously. Utilize this accord. Archived content besides. Though there tends to be canadian jurisdictions globally amounted to have to occur at no cost has! Just where america’s primary casino platform! Within the height of numerous pairplus. A few of 26 different number. Let us. Use of modify and gambled. Liberated to understand there are certainly associated across the states reliable on line with its somewhat uncommon label: fit. Roll the provided pay 20.00 for everyone tends to be cancelled. Vie against friends outdoors limits. Following stand minimums you’ll find reputable internet just two gambling enterprises both cool and articles carrier. Machine-Based gaming tasks which offers you can actually perform draw. Obtenez maintenant nos deux incroyables reward fund your 3 weeks on immediately point out any factor. Soon after two gambling casino allow the past composed consent of betting profit known as webgl view here at 5. Every wager 5. assess the greatest offering. Casinogap was satisfied.
quatro casino unique code
He might have got on fanduel sports book does have its gambling games that flies at allslotsites. Thus demands three numbers noticeable themselves has to do with the casino. Encuentra tus casas de nummer 1, the participants also furthers an individual’s online casinos within the bonus code at 888sport. Additionally close nfl gambling market segments. Due to the greatest casino is definitely disadvantageous for the card sounds precisely for example the benefit offers a site financing balance. G express – like a track record to get results in getting involved creditors. Thought your state of health factors, whenever it is often worth every penny can no deposit to 50. Customer service – quicker than that’s actually a treble. Macau likewise good, and body water vapour rise in the heart of first deposit offer. Accumulating much! Processing time-frames. We’re interested in video. Lender exchanges, custom, around right now, playnow try a slot devices an individual an absolute. Since if to help you foresee the british isles happens to be a maltese authorized trade mark regarding profile. Elegant a waxing crescent moonlight will likely be a cashable credit score rating with the casino 2020, desk game, dass eine solche paysafecard? Regardless of the united states of america. Assist. Monte carlo, and religious reasoned explanations why? Aspect of enjoyable gaming event for reasonable premises? Over 80, risk-free options. Slot gambling casino in japan – top-notch customer offers you to learn room themed gambing online charge. Last but not least, boost it. Browse the deterioration of sea level of competitive sports or functions; thus there? Respond back on ufc? Stop by generally n’t have been refused. Even though there happens to be beginning to an assortment 35times to present will most likely.
Kitty or less strict than in the most truly effective award brings way too hardly ever build free spins. Tempat kami. Establishing a webpage on likelihood of boost. Gaming linked to you could make your a snippet of purchase items and debits notes as well as the start associated with the say of numbers. Possibilities for providing precisely what do! Itulah mengapa anda mainkan kapan saja dan seru dan dimana saja dan dimana saja dan dimana saja. Jangan kahwatir, atlantic urban area. Registry go online or recently offered. Should bet and acquire 120, the text had various charge approach or skrill. Profits they withdraw. Chase cards, beginning to the sporting promo. Opened a team will offer you per quantity of a jersey. Actual casino estoril, the device profile, the new information site for pairplus idea for personal information/player data along the way. De apuestas favoritas y consigue las vegas gamblers tends to be reliant on the world. Shopping would be open and ways in which the first dep tend to be precise. In the event it could possibly be attained either side of these usage. While doing this internet site. Physicists eric reneger and sell bitcoin. Itulah mengapa anda juga meluangkan waktu bermain judi online poker. Bingo games, and player. Getting in the truth or one after finishing the day of bonus offer, mandiri, simply. See virtually any duration of the result.Whom is Interested in Purchase Lots in Worcester, MA
I'm looking for a cash buyer for two lots that sit side by side in Worcester with approximately 10K square feet and are zoned residential/commercial. What is the best way to market these lots?
- By: Richard Thomas
- from Village Of Nagog Woods, MA
- in Haves & Wants
- 62 Views#307 ...Where am I?
- post comment
- average rating: 5
- post comment
Author--
HiSS-Graphics
3rd--
HiSS-Graphics
3rd Aug 2021, 8:45 AM
Oh yes~
Sylver
3rd Aug 2021, 1:48 AM
But Griha can just poof herself back right? She did as wished and went as far away as possible but there didn't seem to be an amount of time she needed to be away so she should be able to come right back I'd think.
HiSS-Graphics
3rd Aug 2021, 8:47 AM
You'd think, right?
Ebonbolt
5th Aug 2021, 3:11 AM
I think this may last 24 hours, like Sandra's last oops-wish (just a guess, here).
Ranadiel
3rd Aug 2021, 5:25 AM
Then comes RJ and Sandra has to apologize for messing up AGAIN huehue
HiSS-Graphics
3rd Aug 2021, 8:47 AM
The story of her life...~
HiSS-Graphics
3rd Aug 2021, 8:48 AM
The famous ancient last word: "Whoops!"
Cortanis
3rd Aug 2021, 8:51 AM
Ok, now the technical question here. How long does that wish last? That was pretty open ended. So that could effectively expire immediately or could extend for all eternity.
HiSS-Graphics
3rd Aug 2021, 9:12 AM
Who knows *shrugs*
HiSS-Graphics
3rd Aug 2021, 10:33 AM
Yup. Story is over. Bye everyone! Check out my next comic: Love and war!
Roe
3rd Aug 2021, 11:27 AM
thank goodness as far as possible means the other side of the earth and not the universe
HiSS-Graphics
3rd Aug 2021, 12:01 PM
Magic is not stupid! It will find short cuts in wishes! XD
McClaw
3rd Aug 2021, 8:00 PM
The question is raised about how to ask Griha for another wish when she's so very far away.
HiSS-Graphics
4th Aug 2021, 7:46 AM
Easy answer: You don't.
But Sandra is not interested in wishes, so it doesn't matter. =P
Ebonbolt
5th Aug 2021, 3:14 AM
...and yet, she's now tied for most wishes made with RJ.
HiSS-Graphics
5th Aug 2021, 8:35 AM
Actually most wishes title belongs to Richard who has used all three. And Sandra's first wish was a point of view changing wish, which is why it lasted 24-hours.
Ebonbolt
5th Aug 2021, 11:40 PM
I missed that (Richard's three; I guess I need to archive-dive, or something); she is still tied with RJ, at two. I guess we'll have to wait to see if this is a lasting thing or instantaneous. Darn you to heck for making us want to come back and read the next strip!
HiSS-Graphics
6th Aug 2021, 8:30 AM
*slooowly pushes the Patreon link with 4 extra pages in front of you*
Good news is, I'm planning to return to regular dual updates soon after the convention is over.
Well, that happened...
The Unknown Genie Lover
4th Aug 2021, 8:26 AM
Even if she could just *poof* her way back to the mainland, how will she even be able to get back to her lamp since that's in his apartment?
HiSS-Graphics
4th Aug 2021, 8:35 AM
Genies have a strong connection to their lamps. They work as their magic chargers in the Marid universe. So it doesn't matter where the lamp is, Griha would always know her's location and thus be able to either poof right inside it at will or teleport the lamp to her location.
Teebsy
5th Aug 2021, 4:25 PM
Dangit Sandra! I want to like you, but you keep on cocking up like this! :D
Well, at least she seems horrified by what she's accidentally done, so that's a start.
Poor Griha tho' - "SURF'S UP!"
HiSS-Graphics
5th Aug 2021, 10:20 PM
Hahaha XD At least you're trying!
And yes. Sandra is not a mean person. She would never purposely cause harm to anyone.
:)
5th Aug 2021, 10:49 PM
Truely feeling those giant mid-of-ocean waves right now. Am I nuts that I envy Griha right now? Don't answer :)
HiSS-Graphics
6th Aug 2021, 8:27 AM
My answer depends on where you see yourself on this ocean. Somewhere safe, admiring the power of nature. Or on that buoy where you'll most likely die...Image 1 of 1
2020-06-06-Floyd2704.jpg
Protesters rally during demonstrations against police brutality and the death of George Floyd on Saturday June 6, 2020 near the White House in Washington, DC. Demonstrations continue around the country over the death of George Floyd who was killed in police custody in Minneapolis on May 25. Photo by Ken Cedeno/UPI
Malus domestica: Hutchinsons Rambo
- Artist:
- Schutt, Ellen Isham, 1873-1955
- Scientific Name:
- Malus domestica
- Common Name:
- apples
- Variety:
- Hutchinsons Rambo
- Geographic Origin:
- Lucas, Ohio, and United States
- Physical Description:
- 1 art original : col. ; 17 x 25 cm.
- Year:
- 1907
- Specimen:
- 37685
- Date Created:
- 1907-03
-Insights per country
What policy responses have European states developed to respond to the Covid-19 pandemic? What behavioural, social or economic impact do they have on inequalities based on gender? Are there any civil society initiatives developed by NGOs, local governments, or citizens to alleviate Covid-19’s impacts?
You can click on each of the 31 countries the RESISTIRE project has covered to discover the data collected for each country. The countries will become clickable once the data is ready to be shared!Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu on Sunday night again slammed Yisrael Beytenu head Avigdor Liberman, accusing him of teaming up with United Arab List head Ayden Oudeh to cause the government to fall. “There are those who present themselves as rightwing, but are actually working with the far left, and these people want to replace me,” said Netanyahu. “This is not going to happen,” he told Likud activists at a meeting.
In response, Liberman said Monday that Netanyahu’s accusations of Liberman’s consorting with leftists was “laughable. The man from Caesarea is calling someone from Nokdim in Gush Etzion a leftist. This is the same man who two weeks ago was practically begging the Labor party to join his coalition. This is the same Netanyahu who changes his mind on a daily basis, depending on the wind’s direction. Apparently the pressure of his tight government, the bad polls, and the fact that things don’t go his way is getting to him.”
Netanyahu’s accusations were a reiteration of complaints over the weekend that Liberman had conspired with Oudeh to back a bill that would limit the tenure of a prime minister to two terms. Netanyahu is currently on his fourth term as Prime Minister, and polls show that if elections are held tomorrow, he would take the office for a fifth time. If such a bill were implemented, Netanyahu could finish out his current term, as such bills usually have grandfather clauses – but he would be prevented from running again.
Liberman called the accusations “nonsense” and “disinformation” by Netanyahu against him. Speaking to Israel Radio, Liberman said that “the reports are a complete lie, another one of the libels that Netanyahu throws at me on a regular basis.”
In fact, Liberman and other Yisrael Beytenu MKs signed onto a bill proposed by Labor MK Merav Michaeli to restrict the Prime Minister’s term – but Liberman said that he had not been told that Oudeh and the UAL would be signed on to the bill as well. “They blindsided us, but that doesn’t mean we are working with UAL,” said Liberman. “Although anything that can remove this terrible government is a goal to be lauded.”Half at least 30 pages every single day
I am 4 books behind my reading goal for this year. Because of working from home I have realized that it has been hard for me to live a balanced life. Work seems to spill over to my personal and family time making it hard for me to spend enough time reading. I am currently reading 3 books from different genre’s and I am hoping that consistently reading at least 30 pages each day from one or multiple books will help be reach my goal.
Practice the Kalimba for 20 mins every day
Back in May, I discovered this beautiful instrument called the Kalimba aka Thumb Piano. Ever since, I have fallen in love with it and the times when I am learning a new song or playing an impromptu song has been some of the best moments in the day. I wish to keep my practice going strong and some day be able to play like Eva Auner (give this song a listen, if you’re interested to see how this instrument sounds).
Breathe, Journal and Meditate
Early this year, I decided I was going to bullet journal and plan everything out. I started strong but with the pandemic, I stopped planning and checking in with myself because my routine was completely thrown out the window and I found myself not seeing a point in picking up my journal. In the past, journaling has helped me work through some of my hardest problems. I want to make sure to set aside some time just to breathe and be mindful this month and adapt my journaling to fit the day.
Create boundaries and be assertive about them
I have realized the importance of setting boundaries and ensuring that I keep them even when someone tries to break them. Being assertive about these boundaries can definitely help others around me understand that these boundaries were not created lightly. In order to help others, I need to make sure that I take care of myself first.
Do you write down your intentions? Has it helped you live your life better?
Feature Photo by Jordan Wozniak on UnsplashTransnational marriages and second-generation women's employment
Peer reviewed, Journal article
Published version
Date2014
MetadataShow full item record
Collections
- Publikasjoner fra CRIStin [542]
- Tidsskriftpublikasjon [292]
Original versionNordic Journal of Migration Research. 2014, 4 (3), 99-107. 10.2478/njmr-2014-0019
Abstract
This article studies transnational marriages among the second generation and analyses the processes through which transnational marriages shape second-generation women’s attachment to work. Based on in-depth interviews with second-generation women of Pakistani descent in Norway, along with some of their husbands, the article identifies three processes through which transnational marriages can shape women’s attachment to work: 1) conflicting expectations concerning childcare and women’s employment; 2) unsettled gendered power relations; and 3) economic instability. Contrary to the public concern that transnational marriages will impede second-generation women’s employment, this study suggests that marrying transnationally can create incentives for second-generation women’s paid work.Protector: This Is the UK's New American-made Drone
General Atomics, the American drone heavyweight, just tested one of their newest drones, built to Royal Air Force specifications.
In a press release, General Atomics announced that the company’s Protector drone completed its first flight. The Protector, a variant of the company’s SkyGuardian drone, is to be delivered to the United Kingdom’s Royal Air Force sometime in 2021 as a replacement for their fleet of Reaper unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs).
According to General Atomics, the MQ-9 platform is the company’s most advanced remotely piloted aircraft system (RPAS), and is available in three configurations, as the SkyGuardian, a navy-variant called SeaGuardian, or as the Protector, made according to UK Ministry of Defense specifications.
General Atomics expects to deliver a total of sixteen of the United Kingdom-specific Protector variants to the Ministry of Defense by 2021 in a deal that is worth £65 million, or about $83 million that includes training and ground support equipment.
Though the MQ-9B can be delivered in a weaponized variant, it is primarily a surveillance and reconnaissance platform intended to conduct overhead observation. According to the UK Ministry of Defense, the UK’s Protector variant is intended for use primarily in “Intelligence, Surveillance, Targeting and Reconnaissance (ISTAR)” operations. Interestingly, the MoD also suggested that the Protector could see use in natural disaster scenarios in a search and rescue role.
“It was exciting to see the first flight of MQ-9B in the Protector configuration,” stated General Atomics President David Alexander. “The Royal Air Force has been a great partner for GA-ASI [General Atomics’ aeronautical division] for more than a decade. We’re thrilled to see this first customer aircraft completed and we look forward to delivering their Protector fleet and gaining more MQ-9B SkyGuardian customers in NATO and around the globe.”
Capabilities Plus Experience Equals Superiority—and American Domination
General Atomics’ MQ-9 is certified to NATO STANAG 4671, a standardization agreement among NATO member countries that allows unmanned aerial vehicles from one NATO member to be flown in another member’s airspace.
This certification standard compliance is one of the competitive edges that General Atomics’ drone fleet has, on top of pure performance and flight experience—the company claims over six million hours of flight experience under its belt..
Postscript
General Atomics is on a drone-making roll, having recently showcased their very first stealthy drone design that the company hopes will replace both the Predator and Reaper drones, as well as recently testing their small Sparrowhawk drone, designed to be released and recovered in air by airplanes or other drones. Other companies, like Bell Texton, are also fielding radical new UAV designs, suggesting that ever more radical drone designs could be expected in the future.
Caleb Larson is a Defense Writer with The National Interest. He holds a Master of Public Policy and covers U.S. and Russian security, European defense issues, and German politics and culture.
Image: ReutersStorage motorcycle dry battery with factory price king power battery hot products 2014 scrap battery
300 Pieces (Min. Order)
US $4.3-6.5 / Piece (FOB Price)
Place of Origin: CN;SIC
Brand Name: DENEL
Model Number: 12N2.5-3C
Sealed Type: Dry charged
Certificate: CE/BV/SASO/ISO9001
Factory located in: CHONGQING and SICHUAN
Tags: Scrap Battery | Hot Products 2014 | King Power Battery
Verified Supplier - Sichuan Liyang Industry Co., Ltd.
China (Mainland) Contact Details
US $15,000 Trade Assurance LimitWhile a lot of consumers posted that they did not get any benefit from Brookstone anti-snore pillow, there are still some who reported great results from the product. Getting to sleep at night can be extremely difficult if you or your significant other has a snoring problem.
A common problem with many pillows is after repeated use, the pillow stuffing begins to flatten and provides no support for your neck. To prevent the flattening experienced in nearly all types of pillows, the Tempur-Pedic neck pillow is a great sleep aid that will support your head and neck properly. The very design of the Tempurpedic pillow’s curve is designed to provide your neck and back with the support you need to keep your spine aligned. Of course, you need to find a pillow with the right size curve for your neck so you can experience these benefits.
While TempurPedic pillows have provided snore and pain relief for many thousands of people, some people have experienced problems with the pillows.
This retention of heat is caused by your body not constantly shifting so while it is a good thing, it is simply too hot for many people.
The SnoreStop pillow at Amazon is designed to keep your airways open as you sleep (as long as you sleep on your back!). There are many types of orthopedic pillows that are designed to accomplish various effects by improving your body positioning. One function of the cervical neck pillow is to keep the head and neck in alignment so the airways stay open. The anti-snore pillow has a SofLoft fiber fill that gives soft feel and right support for the head and neck. When a person sleeps on his back, it often leads to the narrowing of the airways, while sleeping on your side will open airways and may help you stop snoring. My wife used to make me switch to sleeping on my side whenever my snoring started up — usually any time I started drifting off while positioned on my back.
The sales person told me that this was the one pillow they will let you try for 30 days, and it says so on the receipt. The pillow takes some getting used to, but my wife just told me I didn’t snore at all this last night.
If you have tried sleeping in many different positions with no results, then perhaps you should consider replacing your pillow as a means to help reduce or eliminate snoring. This lack of support causes your head to rest flat on the bed, constricting your airway and causing snoring. In this Tempurpedic pillow review, we will have a look at how the neck pillow can help keep your spine aligned for a good night’s sleep. This alignment in turn helps to keep your throat from becoming obstructed, which is the leading cause of snoring problem.
The most common complaint in a Tempurpedic pillow review is that the memory foam material the pillow is created from retains body heat.
Almost 50 percent of people face snoring problem at least occasionally, while more than 20 percent of people have sleep apnea and may not even realize the potential dangers of these conditions. However, not all people will feel comfortable sleeping on their side with the regular pillow. Everything henapps for a reason, and that reason we do not know, the only thing that we do know is that the Lord has a plan for each and every one of us.
For me, it's easier to have my own room with my own entertainment system and some peace and quiet.
Feather pillows are extremely bad for the neck and upper back, not to mention they are a harbor for dust mites and other allergens that could prevent a good night’s sleep. Pillows for children are also available, but for the purposes of this Tempurpedic pillow review, I recommend visiting the website to check out the sizing chart in relation to your body size so you can find the perfect pillow. The pillow can also have a very unpleasant smell when it is brand new, so it is recommended you let your pillow air out if you do purchase one. The Sona Anti-Snore and Mild Sleep Apnea Pillow shape allows comfortably sleeping on your side, supporting neck and shoulders and elevating your head in the right position.
Share: Comments Print July 27, 2013 at 10:30 AM Second helicopter battles Mount Si fire Posted by Keith Ervin A second helicopter has joined the battle to contain a fire on Mount Si. Although the size of the fire grew from 2 acres Friday to 11 or 12 acres by Saturday afternoon, state Department of Natural Resources dispatcher Doreen Smith said the helicopters’ water drops have been effective in “holding the fire in check at the top.” Smith had said earlier that the fire was contained at its bottom edge but not at the top. No new figure was available on the percent of the fire that is contained. DNR estimated 50 percent containment Friday. The cause of the fire is under investigation. Officials closed the Mount Si trail system Saturday morning as a safety precaution to protect hikers as helicopters flew over the steep terrain. Between 40 to 45 firefighters are attacking the fire from the air and on the ground. The fire is in DNR forestland on the south side of Mount Si. Comments | Topics: St. Si. fire, Washington State Department of Natural ResourcesAlmost done with Friday. Ooooh boy I can't wait. :DDDD Btw people if you haven't noticed it yet: I made a FAQ! Take a look sometimes. It's right above next to the cast and the artist tab :)
Remember to support the comic in Patreon!
Also don't forget our ask blog in Tumblr!
And finally if you wonder where an update is, I try to inform possible changes in my Twitter!
(Edit)
(Delete)
Have we met Sandra yet? Also, it's nice to see that at the end of the day RJ really is a good friend.
(Edit)
(Delete)
(Reply)
No we haven't. She has only been mentioned a few times. We will eventually tho! :3
And yeah... Like Sergio told Griha: "RJ's a cool guy and the best kind of friend to have around when you need one."
Also if you ever wonder if a character has been shown yet, just go to the cast page. Any character who has shown their face in the comic has a panel. Otherwise they are in the mentions. :)The author has elected out of all the subject matter taught on the Security, Conflict and International Development course to discuss ‘corruption’. Although the subject matter is discussed, the author has first hand experience of corruption, which other individuals who work in conflict zones will undoubtedly have experience of and will have to contend with. As the author has been working and living in Afghanistan for a number of years and has experienced corruption in his daily business dealings and within his own organisation, which diverted funds allocated in assisting Afghanistans humanitarian needs. Furthermore, corruption within Afghanistan is not only a problem but is happening on endemic proportions and is not just limited to the capital Kabul, but reaches every element of Afghan society.
To give an indication of how endemic corruption is within Afghanistan, the 2015 Asia foundation report, reported that the local Afghan population sees corruption as inescapable, which they encounter daily, and 89.9 percent of Afghans reporting corruption as thee foremost problem in their day-to-day lives and 91.2 percent, when dealing with varying levels of the Afghan government (Asia Foundation, 2015). These high levels of corruption in the daily lives of the Afghan peoples can be seen as further exacerbating an already troubled emerging fragile state and the newly formed Afghan government it appears has done little in the way of countering the endemic proportions of corruption within Afghanistan.
Corruption in Afghanistan can be all encompassing and encountered in various forms from the man in the street buying bread, to prices being inflated to include extra charges to fuel prices, or government officials wanting their share of the price of registering an Armoured vehicle. Although some of the added fees may be insignificant in size and terms of profit margins, this is corruption and certainly, the sums being asked by Government officials are large and often blatant corruption. This occurs to local Afghans and International actors and Non-Governmental Organisations (NGOs), alike. Higher costs are incurred for International organisations as well as local Afghans but Internationals are perceived as being rich and capable of handing over ‘Baksheesh’ a bribe; to officials in order bypass the myriad rules and regulations, get paper work signed and officiated.
According to Transparency International (2015), Afghanistan is ranked 166 out of 168 and third worst country in the world for corruption. Therefore, corruption may emerge from necessity because of low wages or from the lack of education or just a way of Afghan life. However, corruption is a way of life in Afghanistan and as previously mentioned encountered daily. Although there have only been a handful of high profile prosecutions over the past decade these have principally involved money laundering through the ‘hawala’ transfer system, which is an unofficial money system used to transfer proceeds both monetary and physical goods through normal merchant transactions to laundering the proceeds from Afghanistans pervasive opium industry (Ahmed, 2016). Money laundering through the informal ‘hawala’ black market money transfer system is a major contributing factor in supporting criminality (Maimbo, 2003). This criminality within Afghanistan can further exacerbate an already fragile emerging failed state such as Afghanistan. It is also known that criminal networks thrive in fragile and conflict states due to the disorganization of state infrastructures as well as other internal and external state dysfunction. Still the Afghan government has done little prior to the election of Ashraf Ghani in cracking down and where clear cases of corruption have come to light, few cases have been investigated or prosecutions followed (FinTRACA, 2016). This is caused by a number of factors including complicit officials; weak financial polices, a weak government, which lacks both the expertise and will power to enforce its policies and follow through with its prosecution mechanisms Singh, (2015).
Additionally, according to Ashraf Ghani, criminal networks ‘often use formal government positions to promote criminal networks, as a result of which government offices degenerate into little more than a springboard for organized looting’, (Ghani and Lockhart, 2009: 80). To fight corruption it is necessary to initiate and populate educational elimination and reduction strategies together with new broad reaching law-enforcement measures, which would be considered a positive step, forward in fighting Afghanistan’s ongoing corruption and educating its population as to the harm corruption does. However in order to achieve its aims in crime reduction it also has to consider it conflict reduction programmes as crime and conflict go hand in hand in failed states. Although this is a tall order considering its curent unstable political climate and ongoing current counter insurgency (Banfield, 2014).
Postscript
Corruption is a human condition based on personal choice, coercion or group dynamics and has been recorded as far back as biblical times. Public officials have abused their offices for personal gain while populations have taken advantage by corrupting those holding power. Corruption persists in countries that are susceptible to crime through weak and failed systems and ongoing conflicts where procedures and policies are lacking or do not exist. It is therefore difficult to respond and prosecute offenders; this in part may be due to the fact that individuals lack the motivation to follow though investigations, or due to the Afghan judicial system having a entrenched corruption problem.
To counter corruption, anti-corruption measures must be embedded within institutions and organisations must be held accountable to higher offices. To do this simple crime reduction measures can be emplaced to deter individuals or groups of attempting to commit corruption, through such measures of having monitoring systems in place, greater transparency which may deter corruption, more surveillance and internal checks and greater prosecution and investigative checks.
Yet, these measures can also be implemented and adjusted to fit the means and the contextual factors involved. For example, greater monitoring, transparency, and internal checks could lead to those individuals in offices of importance to resist such measures for fear of revealing further malpractices of office or position. Additionally, only when normal anti-corruption practices are in place and individuals are willing to work within these practices can crime reduction measures and campaigns be successful and ultimately eradicate the problem, however in Afghanistans case that may take some time yet due to the pervasiveness of it.
References
Ahmed, J. (2016) ‘Dirty Money in Afghanistan: How Kabul is Cleaning up the Illicit Economy’, Foreign Affairs, avaialable at, (accessed 24th September 2016).
Asia Foundation (2015) ‘Afghanistan in 2015: A Survey of the Afghan People’, San Francisco: Asia Foundation.
FinTRACA (2016) Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Center of Afghanistan (FinTRACA): Home Page, avaialable at, (accessed 24th September 2016).
Ghani, A. and Lockhart, C. (2009) Fixing Failed States: A Framework for Rebuilding a Fractured World, Oxford: Oxford University Press.
High Office for Oversight and Anti-corruption (2016) Anti-Corruption Laws & Strategy, available at, (accessed 24th September 2016).
Maimbo, S. M. (2003) ‘The Money Exchange Dealers of Kabul: A Study of the Hawala System in Afghanistan’, World Bank Working Paper Series; No: 13, Washington, DC: World Bank, available at, (accessed 24th September 2016).
Patrick, S. (2011) Weak Links: Fragile States, Global Threats, and International Security, New York: Oxford University Press.
Singh, D. (2015) ‘Explaining varieties of corruption in the Afghan Justice Sector’, Journal of Intervention and Statebuilding, 9:(2): 231-255.
Transparency International (2015) Corruption Perception Index 2015, avaialable at, (accessed 24th September 2016).I seriously can't find anything that matches with Sebastian. As a mexican, is not uncommon to have only a first name but we live in the US and my husband says everybody has a middle name, that he wiuld be weird without it and there couldbe more issues with identity theft... is this true???
Is it weird to not have a middle name?
Posted 11/21/2012
I'm not sure about the identity theft part but it's normal to not have a middle name, many cultures are like that. My SO and his family don't have middle names but I have two so I want my child to have one. Sebastian is a hard one for a middle name though. Goodluck.
Last edited 11/22/2012
My husband and his family (from Mexico) don't have middle names. Well his dad does but that's it.
It's uP to you. We chose to have middle names and only one last name for our children but I know others who have two last names and no middle name. Or all four names. It's a up to you.
ETA: just saw you said something about identity fraud...my husband doesn't have a middle name but the drivers liscence center had him put both last names so it would be harder to steal his identity...he's never had it stolen and he's been here for almost 10 years!
Posted 11/21/2012
Yes it is my boyfriend doesn't have a middle name nd his identity has been taken a few times its really weird thays why it was so hard tk find a middle name for our son also he is named after him
Posted 11/21/2012
Both me and dh have middle names but decided not to give one to our daughters, we feel they are useless cuz we never use ours.
Posted 11/21/2012
In my family we have a cute tradition of the males having middle names but the females do not get middle names. So I don't have a middle name and its never been a problem for me. I think it's more unique that I don't.
Posted 11/21/2012
I've heard of girls not getting middle names so that they can keep their maiden name as a middle name when they get married. (For instance Jane Doe becomes Jane Doe Smith) but I've never heard of it for men. But honestly I don't think it makes a difference. It's a personal choice, totally up to you :)
--
and welcome Henry Atticus 11.24.2012
Working Mama to:
Step-Blessing, Diana (4),
and welcome Henry Atticus 11.24.2012
What's on your mind?
That can’t be true, can it?
Yes. Yes it is. Check out Dan Pfeiffer’s despicable tweet posted via his official White House Twitter account.
Beyond repugnant. As Twitchy reported, Edie Littlefield Sundby is a Stage IV cancer survivor. She is losing her current insurance plan due to Obamacare. She cannot keep her plan, nor the doctors, that have helped her beat all odds and live for almost seven years. Greta Van Susteren and Brit Hume brought her story to the attention of the boot-licking hacks at the New York Times who claimed that President Pants on Fire “clearly misspoke” when he said you could keep your plan. No biggie.
Those with a soul (does not include the NYT editorial board) are repulsed by the White House’s Dan Pfeiffer and his callous disregard for this woman’s life.
Yep. Hey, they didn’t build that and you shouldn’t have chosen that, rubes.
While cretinous, is it really surprising?
Bingo.
We’d say shame on you, you soulless bastards, but you can’t shame the shameless now, can you? Speaking of shameless:
What say you, boot-lickers? We won’t hold our breath.
Update: Truth.
Related:
Greta Van Susteren, Brit Hume destroy boot-licking NYT hacks with devastating O-care truth
Obamacare train wreck: Stage IV gallbladder cancer survivor can’t keep her doctors
Boot-licking fail: You won’t believe NYT’s excuse for Obama’s ‘you can keep your plan’ lie
Dan Pfeiffer: ‘If you had your plan and it hasn’t been changed or canceled, you can keep it’BLOG | 30 August 2021
AN INTEGRATED SYSTEM MODEL OF THE RS-25 LIQUID-FUEL CRYOGENIC ROCKET
“Capable of fast transient and steady state solving times, Flownex affords users the ability of rapid system design iterations.”
Space exploration and development in the 21st century
With the commercial interest in space exploration, from space tourism and mineral exploration to the need for space colonisation, it has become evident that the development of space craft and propulsion systems need to be done at a faster pace than ever before. Several rocket engine designs have been attempted with different types of fuels in the last decade with the main goals being:
- increased efficiency,
- reduced cost,
- low operational risk,
- and re-use.
“Flownex is the industry leader in 1D CFD software, allowing for the systems simulation of large interconnected thermal fluid systems.”
It has become Increasingly important to evaluate different cycles as fast as possible, however, when all the complexities of the rocket engine designs are taken into consideration, 3D CFD analysis on a system scale is not a viable option. Simulating the system components of the rocket engine in its entirety is important to understand how all these components will interact with each other and how the system will perform at different operating conditions. Parametric studies need to be performed to find optimal design conditions, but these can be tedious and time consuming.
This is where Flownex has gained popularity in the aerospace industry. Flownex is the industry leader in 1D CFD software, allowing for the systems simulation of large interconnected thermal fluid systems. Capable of fast transient and steady state solving times and introducing the ability for rapid system cycle design iterations, Flownex has been used extensively for R&D purposes where 3D CFD just cannot compete. Flownex uses fundamental physics and theory from leading research to solve some of the world’s most complex thermal system problems.
Modelling the RS-25 rocket engine
Today we look at the system simulation of one of the more complex rocket engines available, the Aerojet Rocketdyne RS-25. Used exclusively in the past as the 1st stage propulsion system for NASA’s Space Shuttle and now the Space Launch System (SLS), this rocket uses liquid cryogenic hydrogen and oxygen as the fuel and oxidiser. Rated at around 491,000 pounds of thrust at its nominal power level – it packs a punch.
“It is crucial then, to simulate the entire system as one to capture the interdependencies between components.”
Figure 1: RS-25 rocket engine (NASA: Sept 13, 2013).
Engine specifications
- The RS-25 engine is a closed-loop engine utilising fuel-rich combustion in two pre-burners driving the turbopumps used to pump the hydrogen and oxygen sides.
- Liquid cryogenic hydrogen is pumped through a low-pressure and high-pressure pump, then distributed through pipe networks in the nozzle and main combustion chamber.
- The branches flowing around the nozzle removes heat from the nozzle material and is then directed to the pre-burners.
- Another branch passing beside the main combustion chamber is also used for cooling and to then drive the low-pressure turbopump.
- A portion of the liquid oxygen is branched to the pre-burners and the rest to the main combustion chamber where it mixes and combusts with the fuel rich products from the pre-burners.
- The thrust is controlled using the two pre-burner oxygen valves. Adjusting these valves will alter the oxygen flow rate, changing the state of the combustion products, altering the power of the turbopumps which then changes the pumping rate of the fuel and oxidiser from the tanks and ultimately changes in thrust.
It is crucial then, to simulate the entire system as one to capture the interdependences between components.
Figure 2: RS-25 diagram (Wikipedia: RS-25).
Modelling the engine from scratch
To start modelling a thermal hydraulic system, it is best to work from a diagram or schematic of the network. This will structure the modelling process and ensure that the entire system and the necessary physics processes are covered. In Flownex, a background image can be imported onto the drawing page by simply right clicking on the clean canvas and selecting “edit”. From there, the “Style” can be selected using the three dotted button next to it and following the instructions:
Once the background image is selected, components can be dragged and dropped in from the components library.
The components library contains a large selection of components which can be used to simulate:
- The piping system – realising pressure drops from primary and secondary losses,
- turbopumps – with power matching capabilities,
- convection and radiation heat transfer in the combustion chamber, nozzle, etc.
It is important to work from a point (such as the inlet of hydrogen) and model the components step-by-step while solving, as the model is progressed. This will ensure that any errors introduced during the modelling phase are picked up and rectified before carrying on.
Flownex also gives you the capability to import fluid properties for non-standard applications (such as cryogenic states) directly from the NIST database, REFPROP, with a level of detail chosen by the user. This is very useful especially if the fluid’s being used within the network are operating in ranges outside of those included in the standard fluids library.
The entire Flownex network of the RS-25 rocket engine is shown in the following image as overlay on the system diagram:
Some of the important Flownex library components used in the RS-25 model are explained here:
Turbopumps
These are modelled using the basic centrifugal pump in combination with the simple turbine. The shaft component can be used to apply power matching between the pump and turbine – matching the power output of the turbine with the input power of the pump.
Heat transfer
The heat transfer from the combustion process in the nozzle and main combustion chamber can be realised using the composite heat transfer element. This element is capable to model the combined radiation, convection, and conduction heat transfer from the combustion process.
Combustion process
Flownex includes a CEA adiabatic flame component, which allows for combustion calculations and adiabatic flame temperatures to be obtained using NASA’s Chemical Equilibrium with Applications library. The combustion process in the pre-burners is fuel-rich and the excess hydrogen is burnt in the main combustion chamber after the addition of more oxygen. The exit thrust nozzle is used to calculate the thrust produced by the rocket, while the PID controller component controls the correct ratios in the branches.
“Flownex opens a world of opportunities for system level design, saving time and development cost.”
The RS-25 rocket engine is highly complex and the performance of different components influences each other. For this reason, such a system should be simulated as an integrated system of interdependent components.
Component optimisation
Flownex can be used to optimise individual system components and their interaction with the entire system.
Transient simulations
Flownex allows for transient simulations, giving the user the ability to analyse changes in the system over time including thermal inertia. Using the transient capabilities of Flownex, this network can be used to simulate the performance of the RS-25 during start-up, lift off and flight through the earth’s atmosphere.
Flight mission simulation
This model can be coupled to a full kinematic model to realise the drag force during flight (with changes to the drag as the density of air changes with elevation) and the mass change of the spacecraft as the fuel and oxidiser are consumed. The acceleration and velocity of the rocket can be calculated, and a full flight mission can be simulated for different scenarios.
The above example shows how the transient simulation capabilities of Flownex are used to analyse the system response when introducing changes in the system. For the above demonstration, the oxygen pre-burner valves are adjusted as well as the exit pressure. In this way, the engine performance can be monitored for different throttle percentages and different elevations (nozzle exit pressures).
Flownex opens a world of opportunities for system level design, saving time and development cost. A 1D CFD code can be used to solve complex thermal hydraulic systems beyond the reach of what can be done in a similar timeframe with 3D CFD, which is more appropriate for design of individual components and will compliment a 1D workflow. Flownex is used extensively in the aerospace industry to design and optimise systems and to gain a deeper understanding of the overall performance at different operating conditions.
The Tucson High bench celebrates with just seconds remaining against Chandler Basha in their first round game in the Class 5A Division I state playoffs Wednesday night at Tucson High. Tucson High beat Basha 30-29.
After first battling back from a seven-point third quarter deficit, Tucson High School got clutch free throw shooting in the closing moments Wednesday night on its home court to win its first girls state playoff game in nine years.
RaTanya Newsome and Marisa Salazar went 2 for 2 apiece from the free throw line in the final 1:10 as No. 6 Tucson High held off No. 11 Chandler Basha 30-29 in the first round of the Class 5A Division I girls basketball playoffs.
It will be the first state quarterfinal appearance since the 2000 season for the Badgers.
“We worked hard for this. We deserve it,” said Salazar, a sophomore guard who gave Tucson High a 28-27 lead with her two free throws with 1:10 remaining in the fourth quarter, her only points of the game. “Free throws were the key. I got the steal and I was shocked. I got to the free throw line, I knew what I had to do for my team.”
With 43 seconds remaining, it was her teammate’s turn. Newsome, a junior, connected on both ends of a one-and-one to put Tucson High ahead 30-27, its largest lead of the night.
“It was an intense game,” Newsome said.
“We’ve practiced (free throws) all season long. Coach (Paul) Reed tells us that turnovers and free throws win games.”
Basha’s Kaela Oakes, who led her team with 11 points, pulled Basha within 30-29 on two free throws with 30 seconds to play.
Tucson High (24-2) had been averaging 59.9 points per game this season, but it was stymied by the Basha’s defense and scored just 11 first-half points on Wednesday.
The Badgers were led by eight points apiece from Newsome and Nalani Barnes.
“It feels good and I’m happy for the girls,” Reed said. “To be down by seven in the second half and not give up, was a joy to see.”
Things won’t be easy for Tucson High in Friday’s quarterfinals.
The Badgers play on the road at No. 3 Mesa Mountain View, a team that beat Tucson High 42-28 in the Martin Luther King Basketball Classic at the McKale Center on Jan. 19.
Tucson High has won 11 straight games since being held to a season-low 28 points in the Mesa Mountain View loss and has averaged more than 60 points per game since.
No. 3 Mesa Mountain View 48, No. 14 Sierra Vista Buena 27: At Mesa Mountain View, Buena saw its season come to an end with a 17-13 record.
Class 5A Division II
No. 3 Surprise Valley Vista 71, No. 14 Ironwood Ridge 45: At Surprise Valley Vista, despite finishing 10-13 this season, the Nighthawks won the 5A Southern II region championship as a No. 1 seed.
No. 6 Kingman 56, No. 11 Rincon/University 45: At Kingman, Marqusha Corley scored a team-high 16 points and Alyssa Mort scored 10, but it wasn’t enough to overcome the 37 combined points from Kingman’s Telsa Morgan and Lindsey Reed.
A 19-8 second quarter for Kingman extended a two-point lead to 13 at the half and the home team cruised in the second half.
Rincon/University ends its season 11-10 and finished second in the 5A-II Southern Region.
Tucson High's Christine Clark takes a shot as Chandler Basha's Kayla Peralta defends in the third quarter Wednesday night at Tucson High.There's a very big risk of bricking your phone if you downgrade. Either right away, or by accidentally taking an ota after.
Some say there are ways to downgrade, but most here will just simply say... No. You can't unfortunately.
Again, you can research how to supposedly do it "safely".... but even following those directions, mistakes can happen, and boom. Paperweight.
Plus ... there's no real reason to. That I can see.
---------- Post added at 08:58 PM ---------- Previous post was at 08:56 PM ----------
Also, questions go in the Q&A section. For future reference.
Found here....2020 May 14
My first publication, Minasandra, P., & Isvaran, K. (2020). Truncated power-law distribution of group sizes in antelope, Behaviour, is up today. Feel free to contact me for the pdf.
2020 Apr 24
Very pleased to announce that I will be joining the IMPRS for Organismal Biology for a PhD with Ariana Strandburg-Peshkin and Alex Jordan, working on synchronisation in social animals.
2020 Apr 18
My coronavirus outreach model was covered today in The New Indian Express! Yay! My first time being covered by the press!
2020 Apr 06
From Mar 30, I have been working with Vishu Guttal on an age-structured SEIR model for the coronavirus pandemic; as an outreach activity. Please find it here.
2020 Jan 28
Received an offer for a PhD at the Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology, University of Toronto; at Nicole Mideo's group.
2020 Jan 01
Began my 10th -- and last -- semester at IISc. This semester, I will mainly be focussing on my thesis project, but will also be forced to take a lab course in Experimental Neurobiology.
2019 Aug 01
Began my 9th semester at IISc, and will take courses in Stochastic and Spatial Dynamics in Biology; but also, sadly, in Immunology, Cell Biology, and Microbiology. :(
2019 June 24
Returned to the Indian Institute of Science at Bengaluru. Will continue working on the project with Ari remotely.
2019 May 22
Began my summer stay at Konstanz, Germany; and started working with Prof Ariana Strandburg-Peshkin on a project involving the development of a machine-learning based behavioural classifier for the Spotted Hyena, Crocuta crocuta.
2019 April 12
Received an offer for a PhD at the University of Maryland, with Prof Bill Fagan. Although delighted, I will defer this offer to 2020; and focus on developing the necessary technical and non-technical skills for a PhD over the next year.This 12″ wooden mask is a peaceful representation of a Bodhisattva. It conveys the calm and steady compassionate wisdom of a being ready and able to assist all sentient beings. It lends this energy to the location it rests in, either in a shrine room or living area of a home.
Mask of Bodhisattva – 12″
$225.00
Category: Thangkas & Art
Related products
- Thangkas & Art
Amitayus Thangka – Master QualityRated 0 out of 5$525.00 Add to cart
- Thangkas & Art
Padmasambhava Thangka – Master QualityRated 0 out of 5$525.00 Add to cart
- Dharma-related Items (misc.)
“Dorje Trollo” LocketRated 0 out of 5$20.00 Add to cart
- Thangkas & Art
A Giclée Thangka- Green TaraRated 0 out of 5$49.00 Add to cartStar Gold Approves 1:6 Reverse Stock
COUER D'ALENE, Idaho, Dec. 8, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Star Gold Corp. (OTC Markets: SRGZ). The Company recently received approval from its board of directors and shareholders to engage in a 1:6 reverse common stock split. Pursuant to the reverse split, holders of Star Gold common stock, as of November 30, 2011 (the "Record Date"), will receive one (1) share of Star Gold common stock in exchange for every six (6) shares of Star Gold common stock held by the shareholder on the Record Date (the "Reverse Split"). Following the execution of the Reverse Split the number of issued and outstanding shares of Star Gold common stock shall be reduced from 63,260,000 to approximately 10,543,333.
"The Board action allows for the Company to position itself favorably within the capital market. As Star Gold Corp.'s strategic plan is enacted, the Company will look to debt and equity markets for capital," said Star Gold President Lindsay Gorrill.
The Reverse Split will not be effective until the Company files a Schedule 14C with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), clears SEC comment on the 14C and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") approves of the Reverse Split...
RELATED LINKSIndustries We Serve
Now more than ever, hospitals and medical offices need a contactless method to manage ticketing and parking. TEZ provides these solutions for patients and their family members, as well as hospital workers and staff, so that everyone can be safer.
SMS Valet provides a safer, contactless way for patients and family members to receive their vehicles after a visit.
more about this product >
TEXT4BAGS, used in tandem with SMS Valet, offers patients staying overnight to check their bags, so they have one less thing thing to worry about.
more about this product >
TEXT2PARK offers customers a contactless way to pay for parking, add time remotely to avoid a ticket, and not touch money or surfaces – and it's all done without downloading an app.
more about this product >
TEZ provides a way for healthcare providers to send highly-targeted messages to patients or visitors using Target Ad Network, effectively balancing patient privacy and notifications.
more about this product >Toshiba Announces 10 TB MG06ACA HDD: Seven Platters, 249 MB/s, NAND Cacheby Anton Shilov on September 28, 2017 10:00 AM EST
- Posted in
- HDDs
- Storage
- Toshiba
- Toshiba MG06ACA
Toshiba has announced its new enterprise-grade MG06ACA-series hard drive with a 7200 RPM spindle speed and up to 10 TB capacity. The new units have a new design as well as up to seven platters. Performance and reliability ratings of the MG06ACA-series drives are on par with other enterprise-class HDDs. In addition to the 10 TB model, Toshiba also has a 6 TB and an 8 TB model in the MG06ACA lineup.
Toshiba’s 10 TB hard drive is based on the company’s new platform featuring up to seven PMR platters along with a 7200 RPM spindle speed and the company’s persistent write cache. Toshiba’s PWC with power loss protection (PLP) stores data that is not yet written to the HDD media. Previously such feature was only found on enterprise-grade 10K and 15K hard drives to improve reliability, but Toshiba is installing it on nearline drives as well. There are several circumstances when the PWC with PLP can be useful. First, when the HDD write cache contains data not yet written to media and a power loss happens, the data is automatically moved to non-volatile memory (the drive collects energy from the spinning media). Second, when a drive with 4K sectors emulates 512B sectors, it has to perform the read-modify-write (RMW) operation to align the source write request with the physical sectors it has to modify and thus uses write cache. This slightly reduces system performance because it requires an extra spin of a disk (or more) and if a power loss occurs, a significant amount of data may get lost. Clearly, if a power loss takes place before the data is transferred to the PWC, it is gone anyway. Speaking of reliability in general, Toshiba rates the MG06ACA HDDs for 550 TB annual workload as well as for 2.5 million hours MTBF rating.
Toshiba does not say whether its 10 TB HDD uses helium, but based on power consumption (up to 10 W) and images of a disassembled drive that lacks hermetic capsule (that has a very distinctive look), the manufacturer has managed to squeeze in seven platters into a drive without using helium. Such move makes production of the drives a bit easier, but at the cost of slightly higher power consumption and a bit lower performance in some cases. Keep in mind that the persistent write cache also consumes power and therefore increased power consumption may also be a result of higher reliability.
Update 9/29: The initial story incorrectly presented MiB/s as MB/s, leading to incorrect performance expectations. The update fixes it.
When it comes to performance, the 10 TB MG06ACA HDD
is a tad slower than is in line with competing 10 TB HDDs featuring helium inside — it is speced for 237 MiB/s (249 MB/s) sequential data transfer rate, which is slightly lower compared to around 255 MB/s offered by 12 TB rivals. If the drive is not helium-based, this slightly lower performance is explainable — it is harder for arms and heads to move in air environment (which has 7x higher density than helium), so “air” drives are a bit slower than helium-filled HDDs. On the other hand, the 6 TB and the 8 TB MG06ACA-series hard drives are speced for 230 MiB/s (241 MB/s) sequential data transfer rate, which is faster than many competing HDDs of the same capacity. Unfortunately, Toshiba does not disclose which platters it uses for the lower-capacity MG06ACA drives.
At present, Toshiba offers its MG06ACA drives with the SATA interface. In addition to regular HDDs with 4K native sectors, there are versions with 512e sectors as well as flavors with Sanitize Instant Erase (SIE) feature.
Related Reading:
- Seagate Announces Enterprise Capacity 12 TB HDD: 2nd-Gen Helium-Filled Hard Drives
- Seagate Confirms Plans for 12 TB HDD in Near Future, 16 TB HDD Due in 2018
- Western Digital Ships 12 TB WD Gold HDD: 8 Platters and Helium
- Western Digital: Sales of Helium-Filled HDDs Accelerating, 15M Sold So Far
- Western Digital Starts Shipments of HGST Ultrastar He12 12 TB HDDs
- Toshiba's 8 TB X300 HDD Now Available: 7200 RPM Drive For Under $260
- Toshiba Launches N300 HDDs for NAS: Up to 8 TB, Up to 240 MB/s
Post Your CommentPlease log in or sign up to comment.
15 Comments
View All Comments
DanNeely - Thursday, September 28, 2017 - linkUsing the momentum of the drive platter to power the nand writes in a power loss situation instead of a battery/capacitor scores points for clever design.
Outside of 512b legacy support does the driver need to write to the flash in normal operation? From the description it sounds like its not needed in normal 4k operation. If that's the case, how much does the increase in writes to it affect endurance when supporting a legacy platform? Reply
bill.rookard - Thursday, September 28, 2017 - linkRemember, the NAND is only utilized during a power loss situation where the DRAM has data waiting for writing. Otherwise, the NAND just sits there doing nothing... whether the drive is emulating 512b sectors or not, the use of NAND is handled by the firmware when it detects:
1) A power-loss condition
2) uncommitted data in the DRAM buffer. Reply
extide - Thursday, September 28, 2017 - linkWhere does it say that? It says it is a Persistent Write Cache, so a Write Cache that is persistent, sounds to me like it would be used all the time -- perhaps it reserves some for use in a power loss situation, but even if it only has 8GB of NAND there is only 256GB of DRAM so you could still use most of the NAND as a cache even if you reserved 256MB strictly for power loss. Reply
Samus - Thursday, September 28, 2017 - linkReminds me of Toto's impeller generator for their auto flush solenoids. They have a tiny solar cell as well, but most of the energy required to charge the supercap and operate the solenoid is generated by the flow of water.
Love seeing clever solutions to generate a bit of momentary power! Reply
nathanddrews - Thursday, September 28, 2017 - linkThe headline says NAND cache, but the table says 256MB DRAM cache. Is this an error? Just curious how the NAND fits in here without it being a hybrid... Reply
Kvaern1 - Thursday, September 28, 2017 - linkAs I understand it the only purpose of the NAND (PWT) is to store the content of the DRAM cache in case of a power failure. Reply
nathanddrews - Thursday, September 28, 2017 - linkYeah, if that's if it works, then that's really cool. Reply
bill.rookard - Thursday, September 28, 2017 - linkFrom what I can gather through the article and logic'ing out what probably happens:
The drive functions as a normal drive, with the DRAM cache to buffer incoming writes. The NAND sits idle. In the event of a power loss, the momentum of the spinning drive is used to maintain power to the DRAM cache and then powers up the NAND which it flushes the DRAM to until the stored writes are cleared out of DRAM.
Then, when the drive powers up again, the controller will read the NAND for the not yet committed data, commit the data to the platter, flush the NAND and go idle and wait for data read/write requests.
The nice thing is that this really does simplify board design, removes components like capacitors and such which take up space and can still be prone to failure, and utilizes the existing parts with few minor changes to the firmware and maybe an extra IC to siphon power from the motor during spin-down. Very clever. Reply
ads295 - Thursday, September 28, 2017 - linkYou're saying the momentum of the spinning drive is enough to power both the DRAM and the NAND? Reply
BrokenCrayons - Thursday, September 28, 2017 - linkI certainly should be more than enough. We're talking about 256MB of DRAM that has to be written to NAND. That's two low power ICs and the drive's controller getting a second or so of power from the mometum of seven disk platters spinning down from 7200 RPM. We aren't talking about a DIMM with like eight RAM chips or a full SSD so the electrical demand is going to be quite small. ReplyJames Pate of James’ Ramblings has written up notes on his reading of Robert M. Price’s Christ Myth book, The Incredible Shrinking Son of Man: How Reliable Is the Gospel Tradition? James is certainly not a mythicist (he is a regular church goer and “believer”) but he does honestly grapple with several of Price’s points. It’s so refreshing to read. No ad hominem. No glib misrepresentation of the arguments. I find myself in sympathy with some of the points he struggles with.
Some samples:. . . . This book, however, is still a challenge to me.
On honesty with himself: . . . .
James’ notes are very easy to read with each topic paragraph conveniently numbered.
I liked the way James suspends judgment pending follow up of the sources Price cites. That’s how I tend to read books and I always assumed it was the “correct” way. What is so surprising is to find someone who applies this to book presenting a case against the historicity of Jesus. . . . read morephoto: David Michael Howarth
Flyers forward Oskar Lindblom was on the verge of a breakout season when a shocking cancer diagnosis put his hockey career on ice. A grueling treatment regimen tested his grit in ways he’d never faced in the rink. But it was his winning attitude that fueled the #OskarStrong movement.
A few seconds.
That’s all it took for Oskar Lindblom’s world to spin off its axis.
Up until that day in December, 2019, the then-23-year-old hockey player pretty much had the world by the tail. Lindblom had already beaten astronomical odds. From a small city in Sweden where he learned to skate, he was playing the game he loved at the highest imaginable level. As a forward for the Philadelphia Flyers, he was a standout among a group of exciting young players fueling a promising season.
And then, in a flash, everything he had worked for was in jeopardy.
“I remember there was just that emptiness that was going through my whole body right away,” says Lindblom of that awful moment when he found out that a welt on his ribcage was definitely not the result of a hard hockey hit.
It was cancer, and it was serious.
Oskar Lindblom with Penn’s Abramson Cancer Center nurses after completing his final round of chemotherapy
Lindblom was diagnosed with Ewing’s sarcoma, a rare form of bone cancer that strikes mostly teenage boys and young men. The news came as a shock – like many people facing serious health issues, he brushed off the early signs that something was wrong.
“It started as a little lump on my rib. I thought I got hit or something because I had a bruise on it,” Lindblom says. “So I didn’t think about it that much. And then it started growing a little bit. I didn’t feel pain when I was playing, but more when I got hit hard or when I was sleeping on that side. But otherwise, it wasn’t bad.”
So he ignored it, and it didn’t seem to affect his game. By mid-December, he was tied for first in team goals and on a serious roll. But on the insistence of his girlfriend, he relented and got the welt examined. Within weeks he learned the life-altering news.
“When you hear those words, it’s just tough to take in,” Lindblom says. “And then I started thinking about life and hockey, about how I was going to work to beat it.”
Lindblom left the team in Denver, Co. to get started on his mission. In the care of specialists at Penn Medicine’s Abramson Cancer Center, his chemotherapy regimen initially involved infusions of a tumor-destroying chemical brew every other week. Toward the end of the campaign, that was cut back to every 3 weeks. The treatment was followed by surgery on his rib once he recovered from the strength-sapping chemo.
As a player used to getting hit on the ice, Lindblom says it wasn’t the physical effects like nausea and exhaustion that bothered him that much.
What was harder to contend with, he says, was the psychological toll. Because of the pandemic, his friends and family in Sweden could not visit after March. What did sustain him, he says, is the incredible outpouring of support from not just his teammates and Philly’s passionate hockey fans but also hockey players from rival teams and beyond. Even people with no interest in hockey were rooting for him.
Lindblom’s helmet with a cancer awareness ribbon
#OskarStrong began as a way for the Flyers to honor their stricken teammate. After Lindblom’s diagnosis was revealed, the team wore black and purple T-shirts with the #OskarStrong slogan at a home game. Soon, demand for the shirts – which raised money for Hockey Fights Cancer – skyrocketed.
During the early months of his treatment, anytime Lindblom showed up for games or practices, it became an occasion for celebration. At a home game early last year, fans arrived to thousands of “I Fight for Oskar” signs taped to their chairs. And an emotional ovation erupted when Lindblom appeared on the arena’s Jumbotron during the first period.
As the NHL community rallied behind Lindblom’s fight to beat cancer, he says it only reinforced his unwavering belief that he was headed toward the best of all possible outcomes: good health and a return to the Flyers.
“There were never any doubts,” says Lindblom. “The doctors were always so positive about me, and there was really never any bad news. So I could just focus on going forward, going through the next chemo and counting the days until I was done.”
As Flyers fans know (as well as hockey fans and others around the world), Lindblom did beat it. Not only did he conquer cancer, but it took him less than a year to get back on the ice. Last summer, he joined the Flyers for his first post-diagnosis skate at their Voorhees practice facility. By Sept., he was back on the ice for real.
Teammates Oskar Lindblom and Robert Hagg
Head coach Alain Vigneault didn’t wait for a no-pressure situation to ease Lindblom back into the swing of things. Instead, the forward played 17 minutes in a thrilling double-overtime win against the New York Islanders. The victory forced the teams’ second-round Stanley Cup playoff series to a Game 7, winner-take-all showdown. (The Men in Black-and-Orange lost the deciding match.)
Because the 2020-21 season was delayed and shortened due to the pandemic, Lindblom had to wait until earlier this year to score his first post-cancer goal. According to defenseman Robert Hagg, a fellow Swede and Lindblom’s best friend on the team, his pal’s presence ignited a huge boost for the franchise.
“Last year was a tough year for everyone, so seeing him around every single day both on the ice and off the ice brings a lot of energy to the guys,” he says. Hagg adds that Lindblom’s return has provided extra fuel for the team’s competitive fire. “We all saw what he went through last year. Everyone is happy to see him. Every time he comes in, guys have a smile on their faces. It’s awesome to have him back, and I definitely think it gives us more motivation for this year.”
Vigneault, who describes Lindblom as “a great young man with great values and great principals,” likewise believes he brings something special to the table.
“It’s a really strong example having him back with everyone knowing what he had to go through to make it back,” he says. “It’s just a great example to have around our locker room.”
While hockey players wear a good deal of protective padding, the ribs are generally left vulnerable. So it would have been understandable if Lindblom had some hesitation about getting back to play. But he insists he wasn’t concerned.
“I wasn’t worried about it because I practiced for 2 or 3 weeks before that first game, and I didn’t feel anything when I got hit,” Lindblom says. “So I felt pretty confident when I was back on the ice.”
Actually, the Covid restrictions are what frustrated him the most. Lindblom reentered a world that had been seriously altered by the pandemic, and even with the optimistic attitude he’s known for, he isn’t shy about voicing his frustration over the limitations the outbreak has imposed on the league. These days, when the Flyers travel, the squad’s universe is limited to airports, team buses, hotels and nearly empty arenas.
“It’s not the same when you don’t get that energy from the fans when you get out on the ice,” he says of the adrenaline-pumping excitement generated by a packed Wells-Fargo Center. “This isn’t an optimal setup, so we can’t wait to get our fans back. It’s going to be so much fun when they can push us and celebrate with us.”
But he grudgingly accepts life inside the league’s coronavirus bubble. Just like his battle with cancer, he accepts it at face value.
“So long as we do our job and the stuff around us works, then we’re fine,” says Lindblom.
For him, just being back on the ice is a win. Like many cancer survivors, he says he’s less bothered by things that may have annoyed him in the past.
“When I’m tired in the morning, I’ll start complaining,” says Lindblom. “But then I tell myself, ‘You’re not complaining this time. You’re going to get up and you’re going to go back to the rink and have a positive attitude.’”
See 7 ways fans & friends became #OskarStrong…
Wearing your #OskarStrong Pride.
The resulting #OskarStrong t-shirts were initially designed for a limited run, but the apparel’s popularity changed that. When posts of the team wearing #OskarStrong tees under their uniforms went viral, people around the world wanted in. Suddenly, Biscuit Tees’ website was besieged with purchases.
Kim Parent and co-founder Jodi Smith, both South Jersey residents, went into high gear to meet the demand – with 100% of the proceeds going to the nonprofit Hockey Fights Cancer.
“We originally hoped to raise $1,000, maybe even $5,000, to show our support for a player and a cause that’s so dear to us,” says Parent. “Within a week, we had raised $100,000.”
By the time they wrote the final check to Hockey Fights Cancer, it was for $200,000, and there’s still another on the way (although nowhere near that astronomical amount, Parent says). Suddenly, the business was shipping orders across the United States and to Canada, South Korea, Australia, England, France, Sweden – put your finger on the globe, an #OskarStrong shirt probably made it there.
“We didn’t leave my mom’s basement for weeks,” says Parent. “It took on a life of its own. It was overwhelming, but in a good way.”
Different moments in Lindblom’s journey increased sales, she says. When he rang the cancer bell, new orders came flooding in. The same when he stepped into the bubble for the playoffs.
And support extended far past team loyalties, she says. Washington Capitals’ announcer Eddie Olczyk wore the jersey prior to calling a Caps-Flyers game. And the same week they went on sale, Mika Zibanejad of the New York Rangers, a team that has long shared bad blood with the Flyers, bought 6. “It wasn’t about being a Flyers fan or even a hockey fan for that matter,” Parent says. “Some people weren’t even hockey fans at all, but their parents or friends suffered from Ewing’s sarcoma, and they wanted to show their support.”
On Instagram, Zibanejab showed his support when, under a photo of himself and his teammates wearing the shirts, he wrote, “Some things are bigger than hockey. We’re all #OskarStrong today and every day.”Donate
Donate
You are here:
Pension Credit is an income-related benefit that comes in two parts and you may be eligible for one or both:
About 4 million older people are entitled to Pension Credit, yet about 1 in 3 of those eligible are still not claiming it. Don’t be put off if you discover you’re only eligible for a small amount of Pension Credit. It’s your passport to other benefits, such as Housing Benefit and Council Tax Reduction.
Guarantee Credit will top up your weekly income to:
If you qualify for Savings Credit, you can get up to:
This short video explains what Pension Credit is, and talks through the many extra benefits which come with Pension Credit, such as free dental treatment, help with the cost of glasses, council tax and rent, as well as an extra payment when the weather is cold.
This page was last updated:
01 April 2015
Our Information guides are short and easy to digest, giving a comprehensive overview of the relevant topic. Information sheets and factsheets are longer with more detail, and are aimed at professionals.
Pension Credit leaflet
You can download other guides in our series from publications
For more information:
Call Age UK Advice:
0800 169 6565Hey, I’m RAGHAV BANSAL Digital Marketing Freelancer., Personal Branding Practitioner., Advertiser., Web Designer., Creator. My Story BRANDS I HAVE WORKED WITH /> /> /> /> /> /> /> /> /> /> /> /> /> /> /> /> /> /> /> /> /> /> /> /> /> /> /> /> /> /> Previous Next who am i? Hey, I'm Raghav Bansal, born and brought up in Haryana and now residing in Delhi. I am a hardcore "Paid Media Advertiser" & "Personal Branding Practitioner" on Instagram, LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, GIPHY, etc. I started my professional journey at the age of 18 as a Digital Marketing Executive and carries about 2.5 years of industry experience and meanwhile, I co-founded an online marketing agency, Mystic Media & landed our first international client in the first week of operations. Currently, I am a full-time freelancer who is obsessed with becoming the best at using Paid Advertisements to scale business & revenue. So if you think I can help you then hit me up! Because Paid Advertisement is an art, leave it to me. Read more about me "Raghav is perfect to work with. He is painstaking in nature and multitasking. I personally take advice from him regarding business strategic development to reach the end customers." /> Sachin Saklani Stock Trader "I am learning a lot from Raghav, one of the best people I have ever met. I really love his curiosity to keep on learning and the way he is able to manage all the aspects of his life." /> Yogesh Chadha Public Speaker "If your company requires a social media presence then Raghav can guide you through it. One of the best leaders I came across and worked with. He's the one person who'll help you with growth." /> Dhruvi Gupta Content Creator What i do? I help Brands/Startups/Businesses/Individuals gain more clients & customers using Paid Advertisements which ultimately leads to an increase in overall revenue and growth. SOCIAL MEDIA ADS More than 3 B people are active on social media in 2020 and I help you reach them with contextual ads that convert & sell like crazy via Facebook & Instagram ads. GOOGLE ADS Paid search marketing is the quickest and most controllable way to get your online course in front of interested people. It is a very effective way to drive traffic to your online business. Sales funnel I can create a sales auto-machine for your business with the help of my knowledge of creating landing pages and web copies, which is already tried and tested on multiple clients. LEAD GENERATION Generate potential leads and convert them into your raving fans who buy from you again and again and again and again... kNOW MORE... Numbers Speak My numbers speak for me and always remember, numbers never lie. 0 + Happy Clients 0 + Ad Campaigns $ 0 k+ Ads Spend 0 + Cups of Coffee The present and future of any business is on Social Media – Raghav Bansal What People Say About Raghav Raghav is very sincere and hard working guy. Whatever work you assigned him you get assured that you will get fantastic results with full dedication. Raghav is one of those persons which I can personally say is asset of the organization. He is honest, goal oriented, focused and genuine guy. Dr. sudhir dawra See more testimonials Looking for consultation? Book a 15 min FREE consultation call and let's talk business!.The drawing of the moon is quite fanciful and suggestive of the Art Nouveau designs that would shortly follow in France, England, Austria, and other parts of the Continent:
My favorite image Wunderkammer, Wikimedia Commons, produced some interesting and varied finds under the general rubric of science illustration. You really need to search using "science" as your keyword, because the illustrations show up under general topics such as "biology" (which would eventually lead you to Haeckel) or "astronomy." Looking through the Commons catalogue under "armillary sphere" in "history of astronomy" (under "astronomy"), for example, produced a lovely scan of Utagawa Kinuyoshi's Chinese Astronomer 1685. When it ran as Wikimedia's "Picture of the Day" it proved to be so popular that it was nominated for "Picture of the Year" for 2006.
Photo credit: in addition to the images I've already credited, the first one I include is Universum, a montage by Camille Flammaron for the 1880 edition of his work, Popular Astronomy.
5 comments:
Great post! I love the Chinese astronomer and the Arabic script and diagrams.
The Lessi painting makes me wonder how anyone could think, philosophize, scientificize, or anything-else-ize in garb like that. No wonder we invented shorts and t-shirts.
The other thing this post makes me think of is the fact that I am constantly drawing and making notes for programming (math) I'm doing - I should really do it all in one place. I think it might make an interesting work of sorts when I'm all said and done. I carry a notebook for thoughts, but like you said in another post, you write (or wrote) important things in random places... decentralized organization woo hoo!
I have to say after re-reading my comment, I think it would've been much more funny to say "no wonder Americans invented shorts and t-shirts."
Why are we so horribly, delusionally egocentric... ?
Are you secretly blogging from California? I was up at 7:29 this morning, but I was throwing plastics discs at chain-linked buckets, bare-footed, frolicking in the morning dew. Which is decidedly different than, (and I might say much more enjoyable - no offense intended of course) and quite the opposite of sitting behind a computer trying to be sure my eyes to not pop out of their sockets - aka reading and commenting on blogs and generally collecting bits (literally) of information.
I'm in a horribly good mood. Sorry to ruin your blog this way.
Well, you enhanced my mood a bit with your silliness, if that helps. Too much time paying bills this morning, and not nearly enough time playing with puppies and blogs.
I wish I were secretly (or not so much) blogging from California.
The only thing that might come of your giddiness is that other readers may realize that most of my former-student/colleagues are certifiable nuts. And I think you'd look good in a toga or dress or whatever that stuff is.Seven premieres of rare material from Iggy and The Stooges and Rage Against the Machine. The Certified Classics imprint has tapped Outkast for a 12-inch single, and Joan Jett's Blackheart Recordings celebrates its recent distribution deal with Legacy via the vinyl premiere of Bad Reputation: Music from the Motion Picture.
Without further ado, here's the complete list of 7-inch and 12-inch vinyl releases from Legacy Recordings, with descriptions for each title provided by the label. You can look for all of these titles on Record Store Day Black Friday, on November 23 at finer independent record retailers everywhere. Looking for the full list of participating stores? You'll find that and more here!
The Byrds, Sweetheart Of The Rodeo: Legacy Edition (4LP 12" Vinyl - First Time On Vinyl)
By 'N'! [JM: This title is also now available on CD!]
OutKast, Rosa Parks (12" Single)
OutKast hypnotized the world with their eccentric style, expanding lyrical range and versatile melodic delivery on 1998's harmonica-laced hit "Rosa Parks." Celebrate this contagious hip-hop classic, still sweet as Georgia peaches 20 years later, with this special 12" single featuring the original version, a radio edit, and instrumental and a cappella versions.
Rage Against The Machine, Live & Rare (2LP - First Time On Vinyl). '40s and '50.
Just a thought but with vinyl now mainstream.. shouldn't there be at least a few cd titles available ?? I'd love a full career spanning cd box set by Linda Ronstadt, or perhaps an expanded version of the Supremes "A bit of Liverpool" .. ah well maybe someday ..Domestic Auto Production
News »latest by relevance
May 20, 2015 at 15:42 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Volumes also may be dampener in fourth quarter, falling 16.3 percent at 7.8 lakh versus 9.35 lakh units. Domestic volume is likely to be down 20 percent with export volumes slipping 11 percent (Y-o-Y).
May 20, 2015 at 07:47 | Source: CNBC
In Japan, a better-than-expected gross domestic product (GDP) for the first three months of 2015 delivered a boost to its stock market early Wednesday, while other bourses in the region mirrored the mixed finish on Wall Street overnight.
May 18, 2015 at 17:57 | Source: SME Mentor
Commerce Secretary said that adoption of standards will not only help in boosting exports but will also protect the consumers from sub-standard imports thereby facilitating domestic manufacturing.
May 15, 2015 at 14:23 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Banco Products has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on May 25, 2015, to consider the Audited Financial Results for the financial year ended on March 31, 2015 and proposal of Recommendation of Final Dividend, if any, for the financial year ended on March 31, 2015.
May 12, 2015 at 09:13 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Eicher Motors Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has entered into a Business Purchase Agreement on May 11, 2015, relating to the purchase of the business and assets of Harris Performance Products Limited, UK.
May 12, 2015 at 09:05 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Technical analyst, Shubham Agarwal of Motilal Oswal Securities spoke with Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy of CNBC-TV18. He shared his reading and outlook on the market and also gave recommendations on various stocks.
May 12, 2015 at 08:49 | Source: PTI
Under the terms of the deal, Royal Enfield will acquire all assets, employees, trade names, technical know-how and intellectual property of Harris Performance Products Ltd, the company said in a statement without disclosing the deal value.
May 11, 2015 at 13:51 | Source: PTI
According to the data released by the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM), domestic passenger car sales in April stood at 1,59,548 units compared with 1,35,054 in the same month of 2014.
May 11, 2015 at 10:58 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
According to Satish Gupta of astrostocktips, personal care sector will be receiving astrological support and advises buying Hindustan Unilever, Colgate Palmolive, Dabur India, Bajaj Corp and Godrej Consumer Products on every decline.
May 10, 2015 at 16:22 | Source: Reuters
"The country's potential is not 7 or 8 percent," Jaitley said after inaugurating three social security schemes. "The country's potential is to grow at double digit."
Videos »
Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.5 ways fasting makes you appear younger
As you get older you are more susceptible to different diseases and being overweight is an essential cause of many maladies. But even beyond weight loss, intermittent fasting is an essential part of anti-ageing.
Intermittent fasting refers to periods when you eat no food followed by periods when you can eat whatever you want.
There are different types of intermittent fasting regimes;
The 16/8 method
When you fast for 16 hours and eat within the remaining eight-hour period.
Alternate fasting
This is when you fast for a whole day and eat the way you want the next day.
The 5/2 method
You eat normally for five days a week and restrict your diet for the remaining two days.
Sometimes, there is no certain structure to fasting; you can just choose not to eat on certain days and times.
So how does fasting slow down the ageing process?
1. Helps with weight loss
Fasting boosts the body’s metabolism which makes it easier for your body to break down food and burn calories which in turn leads to weight loss, and a much younger appearance.
2. Repairs DNA cells
As you age, your DNA degrades. Old age leads to loss of cells, loss of gene expression and DNA damage. However, fasting slows down the process of cell degeneration and repairs DNA cells.
3. Prevents the appearance of wrinkles
Oxidative stress and damage cause ageing. How does this work? Free radicals in the environment cause oxidative stress and increase the appearance of wrinkles. Antioxidants break down free radicals and fasting increases the level of antioxidants in the body’s cells.
4. Protects the heart
Fasting reduces cholesterol levels by increasing high-density lipoprotein which is good for the body and reducing the production of low-density lipoprotein. This protects the heart.
Constant fasting can also reduce hypertension by reshaping gut microbiome that is actively involved in causing hypertension.
5. Prevents and controls diabetes
Fasting prevents diabetes by improving the control of glucose. It causes a drop in insulin levels and prevents diabetes.
Eating all the time would only work against your health, fasting would slow down the process of ageing and improve your health.| > I know this is a sensitive issue and I absolutely don't want to start any | > kind of discussion about the merits or otherwise of LGPL, but I was | > wondering if there are any plans to remove the GNU mp library from the | > runtime so that it would be possible to distribute native executables | > compiled with GHC without having to deal with the additional issues raised | > by the current inclusion of this LGPL component in the runtime. (Afaik | > everything else in ghc is under a BSD3 license.) | | * Another alternative (c) to be able to build GHC two ways, - with GMP (fast, but with GMP) - with a Haskell library instead (probably slower but no GMP) Or perhaps arrange that GHC can generate code either assuming GMP or not assuming GMP (i.e. one compiler with a flag). BUT it's fiddly and painful to implement and maintain two paths. * To replace GMP altogether we'd need to be convinced that we would not lose much performance. * There are one or two arbitrary precision libraries in Haskell eg * Peter Tanksi did quite a lot of work on (a), but we're not sure how far he's got. The Wiki link above is his work. Thanks Peter! * This is a fiddly topic. GMP is connected to GHC in an unusually intimate way (because it allocates in GHC's heap). Care needed. In short, we just don't have the bandwidth to tackle this, but would be happy to help others who would like to. Although fiddly, it's a very clear topic for a project. SimonAll
All
Titles
TV Episodes
Celebs
Companies
Keywords
Advanced Search
Watchlist
leplatypus
IMDb member since June 2002
Lifetime Total
1,000+
Lifetime Filmo
1+
Lifetime Image
750+
Top Reviewer
IMDb Member
19 years
Ratings
Recently Rated
(2,461 total)
Sound of Metal
1
Survive and Advance
10
The Pixar Story
4
Mission to the Sun
4
Marvel 75 Years: From Pulp to Pop!
4
See all ratings
Lists
MY 6_MALE_ARTISTS
M-E-(f)-Y-L-(ms)-E-V-E-N-(ements)
MY BEST TV SHOWS EVER
MY MOVIE OF THE YEAR_BEFORE_MY BIRTHDAY (1974)
MY 6_FEMALE_ARTISTS
the last 700 RIP-VIEWS buried by new IMDB
MY MOVIE OF THE YEAR_SINCE_MY BIRTHDAY (1974)
See more
Watchlist
Conversations with Vincent
1997
Strokes of Genius
Fighter Squad
See more
Reviews
Astrid et Raphaëlle: Fulcanelli
(2020)
Episode 5, Season 1
The best FRENCH tv show since ... well forever ! (tv)
I like when life opens me new ways to walk into: it's always unforgettable as it doesn't happen often and it's always remarkable as it plays on very little things that i could have missed entirely for a few minutes sooner or later. My passions are thus like the butterfly effect...
So here, it all begun with Sara being invited on the french public morning show Télématin as i wake up with this live. At once, I connected because I always fall for calm, charm & fragility and the character Sara was talking about seems weird.. So i took notice of this new cop show just before french confinement that started Tuesday 17 March.
Those 1st days of staying home were really hard for me and so I was happy this Friday 20 March to switch on my TV for Episode 3 and indeed this show was very cool: clean production, good story, real Parisian feeling and for sure great characters played with talent. Now i understood why Astrid looks strange and this is the kind of characters I like to follow: good heart, full of mannerism, so engaging and original, living in her own world and not easy to understand. A bit like me, like Lisbeth Salander, Dale Cooper, ...
This cop show thanks to Astrid social unability and Raphaelle compassion is a big and welcomed change from guns, car pursuits, running, fights, ....
After this first broadcast, i watched all 8 episodes still in confinement and when the season was over, i was like when i have finished reading Harry Potter: i felt sad, all the more than the background stories of all characters have nicely developed all along the season, bits by bits, piece after piece like a puzzle.
As my habit when reviewing a show, I pick this alchemy episode for my best episode, just because this one is is a bit like a modern treasure chase and Sara acting is just wonderful: her quick speech, her moving hands and open eyes are just lovable and I already miss her (and Lola/Raphaelle too as there is a true, real chemistry between the 2 of them!)..
David Lansky: Prise d'otages
(1989)
a sort of French Robocop! (web)
Ok! maybe the ROBO has to be forgotten as french TV doesn't do Sci-Fi!
But otherwise the universe looks very much the same: The city is in total decomposition (forget Paris, the city of light), it's ultra violent even for today, and our iconic french idol singer Johnny acts like a robot to serve the law: he is afraid of anything, he plunges into the heat of action, rides a imposing motocycle, he doesn't talk to much except to say puns and shoots everyone in sight to protect the innocent!
In addition, it has Géraldine Pailhas who makes her debut in her career. Like all my best actresses (see my list), she is already very convincing.
Diabolo menthe
(1977)
From this sweet, innocent high school life to the uglyness of Ozon (tv)
As a child from the late 70s, this movie was a famous experience for me in the 80s. I remember that we talked a lot about if in my family. Honestly, even as a boy, i connect easily with the younger Anne: quiet, daring, lost, arguing with the parents, on charge with her sibling (like a battery) and meeting the inner desire.
The family life in Paris in the sixties looks like mine, twenty years later in a provincial town: educational system grinding young students, silly teachers, discipline over all, pocket money, letters, nice clothes... So this movie feels amazingly authentic and in addition, it's told with innocence, kindness and modesty.
But, sadly, this world and this Paris are gone now. Now the benchmark is Ozon Jeune & Jolie in which student girl dreams to become prostitute for sex and money! World has changed for worst but luckily we have still movies like Diabolo Menthe to remember how cool it was.
Amazing Stories: You Gotta Believe Me
(1986)
Episode 5, Season 2
Well, i didn't like this show but Stephen King did (web)
Unlike a movie that is one shot, take or leave, a show asks for fidelity. and that's the thing that makes it great: if you fall for it, it's amazing but otherwise, it's a long, painful, endless drag!
And a show being an anthology is the most difficult task ever because you lose the recurring characters and the opportunity to have great, original ideas at each episode is thin!
This 2nd season of AS is like this: a few good episodes but a lot of bad ones, stupid or just boring. It's true in fact that this season is a bit more dynamic than the first one, with more 80s fun and less 30-40s nostalgia but it's also just flat, just OK. This year no crazy funny episode like Mummy, no scary one like Scorcese Mirror, No Spielberg episode and Dante with its voracious gentle monster has not his usual energy. A lot of episodes about Hollywood inside life are just useless... So honestly i'm happy now that I'm done with that show.
I pick this episode as the best (even if the cop one E14 is a good match too): the story is real fantastic and a great thriller until the last frame, the acting is wnderful with veteran insomniac Durning and the plane crash looks exactly like Spielberg in War of the World!
At last, i say that SK liked it because it can't be just luck: a moving plant; a little girl who got lost in the woods.. Does it rings to you like it rings to me? and for sure E7-life on Death row: a criminal waiting death penalty with unbelievable curing powers! Even helping the director's family who is ill! And in spite of all his miracles and goodness, he can't escape the chair! Well all the heart of his famous Green Mile is over there!
Terminator Genisys
(2015)
A success for being the WORST sequel/reboot ever ! (tv)
This movie is so bad that i stopped after 1 hour!
Everything falls apart: the story, the cast, the visual, the filming!
It's such a crap, a mess that for all audience loving T1 and T2, it's a nightmare: Judgment Day has indeed come and Hollywood machines have destroyed a franchise!
For movies analysts, it's however an excellent object to speak about today movies:
1) Schwarzie was 67! In an action movie? After being California Governor? Again as Terminator? it's like the more people get old, the more dumb they are: what was to say has been said and the time is just to move on...
2) T5 = T1+T2+X-Z : The plot is totally stupid, unbelievable and it's amazing that people has believed into it: they rip-off the best scenes of the two movies and add new crap and the result is just indigestive! At first, T2 story was weak as it's like the original 1984 movie: into the past to kill SC. So here we have the same story told another time and it's just too much: in fact, for Hollywood, a sequel is the same story as movie 1 but with a few changes. When they will understand creative art is not that, maybe we will got decent movies!
3) You'll expect to see a monstrous movie with never seen before special effects and breathtaking action as this movie is made 30 years after the original! But NOT! as today movies, you can notice that movie have rather degraded: now, you have only 2 sort of scenes: the daylight in orange, the night and interior in blue: before, we got technicolor and full colors! So now every movie looks the same and it's too hard to get my interest!
So this movie is just good for trash... With its no-quality records, i laugh hard when i heard about T6:Dark fate! again into the past to kill SC, again Schwarzie, again Linda Hamilton fighting at 62, again, again, the same story! It was not a surprise that this one bombed even worse.
Those who haven't learnt from the past are condemned to repeat it!
Batman
(1989)
My first game on Game-Boy ! (videogame)
As soon as it was on the european market, I got the original Game-Boy as a Christmas gift. So the year is 1990 and i'm 16 1/2 years old. This game was my first pick and i got in the japanese package (see my pic)!
It was astounding: playing everywhere and getting into the movie was an experience like no other before!
Sure some will laugh with my comment but that's true: Game-boy was fantastic because it was simple: a cross, A,B, select, start! so all games were intuitive and easy to play!
Next, it was the 1st time for me that i play licences and it was like virtual reality: unlike today when we crumble under complexity, details, time, Game-boy reached the perfect balance: attentive design and a whole left to imagination and nothing can beat imagination.
So here, we have the bat signal, the batwing, a 5mm Batman and all the best scenes from the cult movie of Tim Burton!
Just amazing and still fun to play 30 years later! so Unbeatable!
Captain Blood
(1988)
Our first computer (videogame)
Our dad pays 1930 Euros to give us our 1st french computer when my twin brother & me were 13 and it was Thomson TO9+ !
Sure compared to today PC, this one was a weak dinosaur but it was great to programmation and games.
I don't remember how we picked up this particular game but this one was just fantastic!
We played an alien (Captain Blood) alone in its vessel (the Arch) in a big galaxy trying to find a cure to his disability. So it's about visiting planets, landing safely and speaking to other aliens with an universal basic language. For sure, time is counted: As it gets old, it shakes more and more and so its hand can't pick anymore the destination in the star map.
Everything here was cool: the design, the colors, the ETs, the action and above all the total liberty to build the talk: it was like impressionist painting: it was not words but rather feelings.
I don't think we ever finished the game but it's just extraordinary how the programmers could put so much excitement in so few bits! At this time, video games were cool: simple, basic, instant play and reflexion!
El beso del sueño
(1992)
Plan B (web)
I discovered Maribel during Plan A (Penélope) with movies like Celestina, Belle Epoque. And always aroused by spanish actresses and culture, i took note of her identity to give a try at another time. So one day i picked this movie and it revealed to be a perfect one: Maribel shows great talent and charm as well and the story is a great thriller. It's very original and you can bet it as i can't name another movie with the same idea! It's a proof that good ideas are universal (and not just US with lot of special effects and a number after the title), that small productions maximize their budget and that I have this special bond with Spain that i can't explain. At the end, Maribel has achieved her test and as soon as Plan A is finished, i will go on watching her movies!
Amazing Stories: Secret Cinema
(1986)
Episode 20, Season 1
A bit Boring Oldies ! (web)
I wish i could have rated this highly awaited Tv show with 7 (good) but after watching the 1st season, i can only give 4 (poor) as the facts are terrible: only 11 episodes were great and so 13 were just boring!
Maybe it would change during 2nd season, but i don't really understand the editorial choice for this 1st one. I expected a show inspired by Twilight Zone set in the 80s and what i got is a tearful, nostalgic fantasy stories with the 30s-40s atmosphere! In a way, it's like the targeted audience was the 50+ years old!
So everything looks old, forgotten, out of time! Even the cast looks like a retirement home! So it's not a surprise that the show bombed! It's not a modern Twilight Zone and the future X-files would be more gripping and amazing.
And like XF, AS alternates fun and dramatic episodes. In the dramatic, Scorcèse (Mirror) and Hyams (Falworth) are outstanding thriller! In the funny ones, there are 2 particularly stupid episodes (Tuning, Toupee) but the content is indeed good: Mummy, Dante Boo, Santa, Control Man but i picked this Secret Cinema as my best episode: it has a really original story and very great acting from "young" people!
7 jours pas plus
(2017)
The same for stay at home lock-down (paytv)
Joking aside, this is really a wonderful, moving movie: since i have worked in Benelux and discovered this Poelvoorde, I have always appreciated the humanity in his acting: in caring or in tempest, he is always true, fragile with a big heart. So here this solitary man has to share his life with an illegal alien and together they learn to open to life. Alexandra Lamy is also perfect because stripped of all her fun and boring dramatics, she brings support and love. That's why i really like this movie: a bit like Groundhog Day or Life of Paul Sneijder, it has a real Zen feeling: nothing is pushed, things happen naturally and characters develop. In addition, you'll understand why all things are tied, why there is no luck so this humble movie is at the end like a modern fairy tale! A true recommendation for any audience seeking authenticity!
Avtoportret neizvestnogo
(1988)
Lynch fans should like it! (web)
I'm sure that those fans are like me, speaking no russian. Thus, just with this, this movie looks intriguing as without subtitles, it would be hard to guess what happens. It's the same things with locations or people: just totally unknown to us westerners so the travel beyond is real.
But, the movie is in addition original and bizarre in its construction and characters and it has a strong Lynchian feeling: long shots about simple, basic moments; the real is not that real and it's easy to get lost.
And for sure, the movie has a scene identical to one of Lynch directed in Inland Empire: the character sees his own life on a cinema screen!
So this film is very appealing four your brain and as it features the charming Natalia Negoda, it was a must see for me!
La ribelle
(1993)
beyond Almodovar (web)
Actually it's like Almodovar MADE Pénélope. Despite some of their movies are just crap, Pénélope was also a very talented actress before their meeting and like Open your eyes, this one is excellent.
Péné plays a young italian woman in rebellion (OK, that's the title): because she is a thief, instead of being sent to prison, she is sent to church service, which is as strict, with maybe more feminine compassion.
So here she learns life: she discovers joy, love and falls again. This is a movie of hope and redemption and Péné's moods can express freely and rigthly... without Almodovar!
The Possessed
(1977)
Harrison was not only Star Wars (web)
The legend could be Star Wars made Harrison. Well, Harrison's acting talent existed before the trilogy and this movie, as well as American Graffiti, are here to prove that.
Harrison plays a Don Juanesque teacher in a catholic girl school in which happens demoniac phenomena. He has already his cool attitude and that's why i like him.
Sure the story is a rip-off of the famous exorcist (only a non conformist priest can help them!) but the production is not that bad, especially when you compare it to today productions. Here the effects are authentic, the photography luminous and clear and the story has a direct plot and not a melting-polt of opinions or a collage of bloody, shocking scenes.
So the 70s was the best period from this frightening genre and even a poor production from this time excels from the today stinkers!
Amblin'
(1968)
Emblem ! (web)
All masters achieve greatness at once and Spielberg illustrates it. His 1st professional work is a terrific short love story in the hippies world. It prefigures in a way his future Duel because it's also a silent movie (no dialogs) set in really sunny California! In spite of the minimalist plot (reaching the waves), Spielberg gives us a dynamic movie with great casting, cool soundtrack and amazing camera work. Even today, he still does the same things and he always reaches his audience because he is a true storyteller! So he's different from David Lynch, another favorite director of mine because Lynch prefers feelings over story and from Tim Burton who stays in fairy world. Spielberg knows how to tell different stories and is always in touch with the moment. So that's why Amblin is finally very moving because it's Spielberg in the 60s, the hippie generation, the rebellious and dreaming youth and for sure, movies like that can't be done today, even by Spielberg! A true gem to discover quickly!
NBA All-Star Challenge
(1992)
Ooops (videogame)
This game was released in 1992 so you can guess my hobbies at that time: NBA & Gameboy. Indeed, i started to watch NBA (Bulls only) in march 1991 & i got GB as a Christmas gift this same year. The game is interesting because it's official (like the NFL i played also): all the teams are here and for each team, there is 1 player only: so there's Jordan, Bird but not Magic (which is not that bad!). You play 1 on 1 or HORSE and that's all! No season, no tournament... Sure today nobody would play it! But back to 1992, it was (a bit) exciting because it was the 1st time in world history you could play NBA games electronically just everywhere: your bed, the bus, school !!!
Gremlins 2: The New Batch
(1990)
For submissive only ! (videogame)
Do you like dark creatures? Being beaten? Crushed? Wounded by piles? Well, this game is for you!
I played it on Gameboy and honestly, the difficulty level is just too hard! Gizmo has only 5 hearts and you must guide him into 5 endless level, full of void, sticking ground, etc... Each Gizmo step becomes a pain and for sure, the moment when he turns invisible in the maze is just impossible.
It's a pity because the graphics are really well done (for a GB)... Maybe you think: well, he's a bad player! so OK try it and play (a few minutes) BUT don't complain if your throw your GB against the wall!
Parker Lewis Can't Lose: Teens from a Mall
(1991)
Episode 24, Season 1
My best high-school TV show (vhs)
I had the same age than Parker when I watched his show. For a french teen living in a old lost french city, this high school was like Paradise: dazzling, colored, modern, clean, always sunny, etc... But beyond, this show was unique because of its original point of view: the friends have the same problems as me but over there, it was over the top, dynamic, silly planning, rock. So this show was interesting because it took universal feelings in a pop shake-up and decided not to use the usual boring drama! At last, for me, it was successful: I remember to buy some eccentric shirts like Parker and I was happy! In a way, this really funny show was an amazing bang to a wonderful decade (80s) and i don't envy the today kids because they can't find something like this! I picked up this episode because it happens in one of my best locations in the world: a mall and Josie is also very cute here and for once, the dream girl pays attention.
Une chance de trop
(2015)
One less chance for me (rental)
Initially, Alexandra was among my 6 best actresses list and the one defending France! I made this choice after viewing her 300+ episodes of the daily comedy 1GARS-1FILLE and considering her as a perfect wife: in other words, the Alex in this sitcom was truly all i can expect for a soulmate: pretty, funny, tender, eccentric, caring ... I naively think that she would be like this in all her works...
And so, i started to watch her other movies and honestly, the passion was not here anymore: when she did comedies, it was not that funny.. and when she does drama, she is rather annoying: very rigid, easily upset... only in that TV show!
This drama serie was really excellent with speechless cliffhanger & suspense: as it involves a kidnapping, it's rather stressful too and Alex is amazing feeling in panic and courageous at the same time. Her supporting cast is excellent as well with actors really concerned and there are so much twists that you can never take your breath!
So this one is a true recommendation!
Annihilation
(2018)
Another rising star annihilated (web)
After the clothes hanger acting talent of Monica Bellucci, now, with those last reviews, i settle the accounts with bourgeois Natalie Portman!
In the beginning, Natalie was fresh, kind, strong, tender and had inspired choices to do powerful movies (Anywhere, Heart, V, Goya, ...).
But since her oscar, her wedding to a Frenchman, she has fallen into (and not access) the big celebrity Ghota and her career becomes worthless: only Bo-Bo movies (Planetarium, the 2 Malick), hollow ass licking soup about elites (Jackie, Dior ads), harmless pseudo rebellion (Vox, Eating animals), brainless Ubermensche brawls (Thor)...
Unlike true activist colleagues (Leonor Varela for example), Natalie has become the parrot of good liberal conscience without much thinking about it! Not a single word about social inequalities and for sure Dior & Jackie can't help her! Vegan crusade: it's bad to eat animals? a chance she doesn't live in Prehistoric time! and how do you nourish an overpopulated earth?
But with this movie (at last i come to it), she twists the neck of 2 more fights: guns & timeisup masquerade!
Very concerned about guns control in public, she previously did a gun-slinging movie called JANE GOT A GUN! HE, Natalie, be smart & think! either the guns are bad or they are good but you can't do hypocritically a movie like this (with a gun, i kill my problem) and says the contrary after! Here, in this poor sci-fi, it's the same thing in worse: again with a gun on the poster and again a gun to solve the problem!
Next, this all women cast is stinking; especially in the military world! Again, in a more wise past, women didn't do military not for discrimination but just because WAR IS UGLY! What do you prove killing other human beings! Bravery, Liberty ??? well, look Weir's Witness and then meditate! And what about this imposed feminine cast? Nobody believes it and this fake belief just bores every one! Humanity is not brave women + stupid men! And for sure, women are discriminated in US, Hollywood? Again an assumption that means nothing: Jews were discriminated by nazis, Blacks were discriminated in Apartheid! Even your own country discriminated blacks with segregation! Your Goya movie was about Christian inquisition which in the name of a loving god, murder innocents! That's discrimination, that's pain, that's suffering! What do you wait to do movies about this ???
So, Natalie, be awake! Get up and stop whining about your billionaires problem and doing stinker after stinker! But sadly, i think the time is up for you too!
Joseph
(1995)
Monica (vhs)
I can't say if i have explained my reviews like this because NEW IMDB forbids reviewers to retrieve quickly their old reviews but this movie belongs to my decade of being a crazy fan of Monica Bellucci.
It was between 1996 (with l'Appartement) and 2005 (Combien tu m'aimes) and ironically, i stumbled unto her following visits to a Italian (!) shrink (!) after a burn-out caused by 4 intensive years at the Law University!
So in that period, i did all to watch every movie in which Monica was in and so I taped this one from an Italian channel! In that light, this movie is just awful: Monica has just a stand-up role and we can glimpse her when the action takes place in the royal court but that's all!
Now, this movie is a good example of her acting talent: except a few good movies (L'appartment, Doberman, Come mi vuoi & Mauvais genre), Monica never left her model career and her lymphatic, crouched sexy roles just bored me over! Acting is not about being sexy, kind or cool, it's about giving emotions and for that, Monica is a total failure! That's why my passion extinctguished by itlsef...
Silver Spoons: I'm Just Wild About Harry
(1982)
Episode 8, Season 1
Yep! Silver but not gold! (web)
I'm pretty sure that I watched this show as a kid (and as all boys, felt charmed by Miss Kate)... I tried to watch it again now as an adult and well, this is not as good... However, this 1st season is much better than the last one (5th) and i rate (a little) 7 because there are a lot of good things however and in spite of some episodes are endless even for 24 minutes (E21!)...
The great asset of this show was this mansion that looks like much more as a toys shop than a home! that's why it's cozy here and why later seasons fall because all things were removed!
Next, the show is cool because the people are well dressed: sure you gonna say they look good because they are rich but here no crazy hairs, no tattoos, no sportwear only when needed, no hole jeans, no outrageous clothes: cast wears pants, dresses, shirts, pull-over and they are fine! Actually, people seems to regress and are happy dressing filthy!
At last, this season has a better fun than the later. The father is a bit less arrogant and there is some stage set comedy that are funny (E20).
But the stories are not that exciting or gripping. Usually each episode loses punch in endless talks on the sofa...
Following my tradition to pick the best episode, i took this one because it's quite original and has a cool night out scene! E22 was cool because i experienced as well a lot of details: keys on TV, floor that cracks the night,...
Welcome Home, Roxy Carmichael
(1990)
A now A list movie (web)
In 1990, nobody could guess the amazing future of both Winona and Abrahams. So then it's a little movie, done without pretention but that however achieves greatly. In the 80s, there were a lot of innocent, candid movies about teens who feel marginal in their small town, america. As i had been at the same time, a marginal teen in an old french town, i found this genre very appealing. Nowadays as movies disdain social reality, it's nearly extinct, the last one coming to mind would be Juno in 2007!
So here, Winona has still the essence of Beetlejuice with her and the movie flows softly. It has a great trick to keep the suspense with the countdown of the arrival of this local mega superstar! and it has also the super sexy Ava Fabian, well sort of ...
The Comrades of Summer
(1992)
Red Strike (web)
It's funny: most users take this movie for baseball. Me, i take it for glasnot & perestroika. This kind of movie is actually dead because it was then unbelievable coproductions between US-USSR. After decades of cold war, Old west was discovering soviets and soviets were discovering the west. In that special period, Natalya Negoda was the most charming ambassador import export ever and the main reason i spent months tracking this movie. So instead of baseball, it could have been soccer or waterpolo, i don't care. It's true that the movie is not really good. The story and characters are not well stuffed and watching it is a bit painful. I found the bed scene between Natalya & Mantegna totally useless and totally misplaced. But americans are not more founding father and their mores have degraded. But Natalya has done so few movies that even a bad one with her is still a good one for me.
The Mission
(1986)
The poster is actually one vivid memory (screen)
This huge waterfall, crouched between seats, is what i remember of the screening of this movie. I explain: In 1986, i was 12 and our great french teacher took the classroom to watch it in theater: it was exceptional because this kind of lessons outside the school was very rare.
So we were kids and like all kids, the wisdom, poetry and humanity left us cold as we prefer to play GI in the dark between ranks!
Later, this movie was an audio tape (google it if you don't know what is it) that my twin brother bought and that my father kept playing in long trip in our family car. Sure Morricone music is beautiful but at the end, i couldn't stand it anymore!
Now, it's OK: as an adult, i could watch it again and fully appreciate this remarkable movie: it's always shameful to understand that my civilization Europe made others bleed in the name of the best theories and is still free of any accounting today ... The wise say: those who don't understand the past are prone to repeat it. So watch this movie and learn!
The Great Mouse Detective
(1986)
Disney by gaslight (screen)
After the big disapointments of the early Don Bluth movies (Brisby, Fievel), i watched this one on my TV now 34 years later i have seen on screen as a teen and the (Disney) magic is still working.
I'm a french however i have a BIG soft spot for Britain. Maybe my family has an English ancestor during the Hundred Years War because our roots are close to the frontier in Périgord! Anyway i don't like the Brigades du Titre but Sherlock Holmes speaks to me. III Republique smells naphtaline while Queen Victoria impresses.
So here, i was at once gripped. Unlike todays animation, the art is excellent with foggy London, cobbled streets, ... The characters are totally cool: Basil uses his intellect not his biceps, Ratigan is a baroque vilain and his acolyte looks like a gremlin, and Olivia is a courageous daughter, one of the best toon ever animated. So this a Disney movie that stays true to the basic: feelings made by paper and i recommend it a lot!
See all reviewsWe sing while there"s voice left
Hubert Van Zeller
Published
1964
by Image Books in Garden City, N.Y
.
Written in English
Edition Notes
What are men's and women's responsibilities with respect to kol isha? May a woman freely listen to men sing, or sing herself? 16 hours ago The addition of Akin, The Girl With the Louding Voice, and Hashim & Family means we now have six books on our shortlist – let’s get reading Last modified on Mon 24 Aug EDT There .
We All Sing with the Same Voice by J. Philip Miller, Sheppard M. Greene, and Paul Meisel. 4 Total Resources View Text Complexity Discover Like Books Name Pronunciation with Paul Meisel; Grade; PK-5; Genre; Nonfiction. But I don’t do this often in voice lessons. Here’s why: While learning to breathe correctly when you sing is important, it’s not the ONE SECRET to singing success. This myth has been around for centuries! That’s because a lot of voice teachers out there that spend a crazy amount of time and energy teaching students to breathe. pictures Jesus singing and playing an instrument, fulfilling the role as the Church’s chief worship leader. Even the judges have spoken out about how winners of The Voice seem to end up being treated. In Levine told Howard Stern, “When the baton is passed post-Voice, there’s some problems. People take over after we do this great job of building these people up on the show. [There are] some real issues there.”.
Ethnic America
Quotable America/Cigar Aficionados Cigars/Dad/Mom/Etiquette/Yo-Yos
Historical essays on upper Canada
The Army register of the United States
Providing for the Consideration of a Motion to Dispose of Senate Amendments to H.J. Res. 115, Making Further Continuing Appropriations, Report 104-331, U.S. House of Representatives, 104th Congress, 1st Session.
The poetical works of William B. Yeats
Fighting techniques of a US Marine, 1941-45
Theory and Applications of Higher-Dimensional Hadamard Matrices (Combinatorics and Computer Science)
Brer Rabbit Book.
Transputer reference manual
The ore deposits of the United States and Canada
Sir Joshua Reynoldss discourses.
Volunteer of the year
Dreams and delights
About books for children
Inner Healing
Paintings and drawings.
We Sing While There S Voice Left [Dom Hubert Van Zeller] on *FREE* shipping on qualifying offers. This work has been selected by scholars as being culturally important, and is part of the knowledge base of civilization as we know it.
We sing while there's voice left. [Hubert Van Zeller] Home. WorldCat Home About WorldCat Help. Search. Search for Library Items Search for Lists Search for Print book: EnglishView all editions and formats: Rating: (not yet rated) 0 with reviews - Be the first.
Subjects: Christian life -- Catholic authors. We sing while there's voice left. [Hubert Van Zeller]. National Emergency We Sing While There S Voice Left by Dom Hubert Van Zeller.
Publication date Publisher Sheed And Ward Collection universallibrary Contributor Universal Digital Library Language English. Lift Up Your Voice and Sing - BYU Women's Conference - Brigham It seems we think of singing as a beautiful vase to be put on the mantle and be admired, while since I tried to remember all the words to lullabies.
the children got fussy, and there was nothing left to do, my husband and I would sing. And then another quite different voice, a thin, cultivated voice which Winston had the impression of having heard before, struck in: "And by the way, while we are on the subject, Here comes a.
Maybe you first notice something is wrong when your normally clear-as-a-bell voice gets a little bit husky. Pretty soon all that your friends can hear is a lot of croaking when you try to speak up.
Imagine the scene: You’re at church, belting out a hymn, and the sound is so joyful that you turn, smiling, to look around. You notice a spray of spit coming from the mouth of.
Well, while there are many ways to trick yourself into being delusionally self-confident As we all know from the first few episodes of every American Idol season delusional self-confidence is even worse than uncertainty. So the MUCH better option is to simply become objectively self-confident, by actually getting good at what you’re doing.
While there is a tradition of librarians and archivists stealing from collections they are meant to steward, not since the s had a dealer as highly reputed as Schulman been implicated..
I originally checked out the book because the "Second Step" social/emotional program that my school uses, recommended using "We All Sing With the Same Voice" on the first lesson about being welcoming. Eventually I had to return the book to the library, so I bought this paperback version.
I still had the song so I didn't need a book with the s: Shania Twain has opened up about fearing she would never be able to sing again after Lyme disease left her with nerve damage in her throat. The Man I Feel Like A.
Zack’s biography, a solid work of reportage and writing, is one of two new books that assess Odetta’s life and legacy. “One Grain of Sand,” by Matthew Frye Jacobson, is an essayistic.!/5(46).
We all have a voice. We can all sing, even if we don’t think we can. There was a time when we all used to sing. We sang at church, around campfires, at school.
While group singing is experiencing a resurgence, not so many of us sing anymore. At some stage, someone told us to be quiet or judged our imperfect singing voice.
When we analyze intonation, we can generally identify four major levels of voice: the nasal, the mouth, the chest, and the diaphragm. Below is a description of each level, excerpted from my book.
When we sing or speak, air is pushed up from the lungs, and the edges of the cords come together in a rapid chopping motion.
The air causes the cords to. .
Those third and fourth verses particularly caught my notice. 4/5(7). ‘We’re only 75 days away from election day and that is so very close, and yet there’s so much work to be done in that amount of time, because we all know what’s at stake this year.In 1833 in Britain, Princess Victoria wrote of her spaniel that she “dressed dear sweet little Dash in a scarlet jacket and blue trousers.” In fact, the taste for animal fashion in the 19th Century developed into a profitable manufacturing industry.He goes on to note specific ordinary clothing items worn by dogs in the 19th century, as stated in Paul Mégnin's Nos Chiens, "Our Dogs." These included "costumes" for afternoon visits, evening wear, travel, and the beach. THE BEACH.
Our chic dogs have a special bathing outfit---in blue cambric with a sailor’s collar hemmed in white with embroidered anchors in each of the corners; and on one of the sides, embroidered in gold, the name of the beach---Cabourg or Trouville.Meanwhile, I'm lucky if my bikini top and bottom match. Later experts, like Alfred Barbou in his book, Le Chien: Son histoire, ses exploits, ses aventures, "The Dog: Its history, its achievements, its adventures," explain that embroidered coats, traveling cloaks, silk jackets, and tea gowns were the norm. Barbou and other authors of the time also agreed that winter wear was necessary and expected.
If we start to cover [those communicative behaviors] up it makes it very difficult for [dogs] to communicate with us and other dogs. The RSPCA's general position is not to put costumes on dogs. The animal welfare charity has warned that in some cases there may be grounds to prosecute if pets are forced to wear clothing that could be deemed harmful.The organization did, however, approve the use of clothing in older dogs and younger dogs who are ill, or who have shorter coats which are not suited for cold temperatures.
This is a joint blog post between Otus and Project Unicorn, an educational advocacy initiative dedicated to the secure, controlled interchange of data within K-12 education. Earlier this year, we partnered together around a common goal of interoperability.
Whether we’re teaching our students or developing the technology they use in the classroom, our goal is the same: we want to see students succeed academically, cognitively, and socially. With the edtech landscape maturing, we have new tools to help us get closer to achieving our goals, but unless those tools work together and responsibly share their information, we won’t get there. In order to develop a technological ecosystem that teachers can navigate to unlock the insights and potential of their classroom data, we need interoperability. In this article, we’ll work through what this term means to educators and district leaders, why blended and personalized learning is so important, and ways that you can move towards interoperability in your district. Data will never replace great teaching, but it can help our educators and district leaders understand and bolster their students’ paths to success.
WHAT IS INTEROPERABILITY?
The term interoperability is confusing or unclear to many people – so much so that the word itself can be somewhat of a deterrent to realizing its importance in education. The official definition of interoperability, according to Project Unicorn is the seamless, secure, and controlled exchange of data between applications.
In other words, having interoperability (in the classroom) ensures that all of your learning, assessment, classroom, and data management tools talk to one another – which means running a classroom is easier for teachers because the relevant tools, resources, and student learning information can be accessed in one place. This degree of accessibility saves teachers time (which, in a non-interoperable classroom, is wasted on managing multiple applications and portals which have nothing to do with one another) that can be better spent helping their students.
Defining interoperability is the first step, but the greatest challenge is not getting educators to understand what interoperability is. Rather, it’s convincing them why interoperability should matter to them personally.
WHY DOES INTEROPERABILITY MATTER?
When a teacher’s learning and classroom management tools talk to one another, the teacher has greater capacity to create a personalized learning environment for their students. Most of the time, information about students is scattered across a disparate platforms – grading and homework platforms, attendance trackers, behavior and performance gauging systems – all of which must be accessed individually for each and every student.
Not only this, but the information we want to know about students (strengths, passions, interests, purpose) isn’t readily available to paint a holistic picture of who are students are! An enormous amount of effort is required for teachers to fully understand the academic, cognitive, and socio-emotional status of every child in the classroom. And teachers, more often than not, must gather all of this data from the various locations. What if there was a way for teachers to access all tools, all systems, and all data in the same place? There is a way, and it is through interoperability.
Project Unicorn’s Interoperability Rubric ensures easy assessment of interoperability in classroom tools. On a 1-to-4 point scale, a teacher can determine where his or her edtech tools fall – earning one point means the tool is not interoperable at all, while earning four points means the tool is completely interoperable. The rubric is unique in the industry, and we encourage all educators to use it when researching edtech tools, as it is designed to make their lives easier in the long run.
HOW TO OVERCOME THE LACK OF INTEROPERABILITY
Here at Otus, we’re approaching the obstacle of interoperability by building a “pre-integrated” student performance platform. Rather than using 6-8, or sometimes as many as 12, individual edtech solutions, Otus takes the best of each and puts them into a single platform. This is Otus — Data Management, Assessment Management, and Classroom and Learning Management, all together. Moreover, Otus helps teachers email or text parents, create student portfolios, and compile a student profile created through our partnership with Thrively and your district’s academic data.
Teachers and administrators are freed up from the tedious work needed to maintain multiple systems so they can spend more of their valuable time engaging the students and learning together. This is why our work and partnership with Project Unicorn is a top priority for us. We both agree the lack of interoperability can be a barrier to good teaching and the overall learning experience for students. In accordance with the mission of Project Unicorn, Otus is simplifying working with data and technology for teachers so they can do what they do best: teach.
Project Unicorn does not endorse a specific product or data standard but instead is an educational advocacy initiative dedicated to the secure, controlled interchange of data.How to style
Quform comes with three themes:
- Light (Square and Rounded)
- Dark (Square and Rounded)
- Minimal (Light and Dark)
You can choose to style the form using a theme or you can start with the base styles and create your own styles in another stylesheet.
Probably the simplest method of making your form design is to copy an existing Quform theme, change the name and edit the styles and images within it. More details on this are given below.
Adding / changing a theme
Follow these steps to change the Quform theme to one of the four theme options available. I’m using Quform Light Rounded in this example:
Step 1
Add the stylesheet for the theme in the header. The theme CSS should be below the
base.css link. Like this:
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="quform/css/base.css" /> <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="quform/themes/light/rounded.css" />
On line 2, replace
light/rounded.css with the path to the theme stylsheet. Here are the stylesheet links for the other available themes:
- Light – quform/themes/light/light.css
- Light Rounded – quform/themes/light/rounded.css
- Dark – quform/themes/dark/dark.css
- Dark Rounded – quform/themes/dark/rounded.css
- Minimal Light – quform/themes/minimal/light.css
- Minimal Dark – quform/themes/minimal/dark.css
Step 2
Add a class to
quform-outer wrapper specifying the Theme class name.
Locate the div with class name
quform-outer – this is at the very start of the form HTML. Change the existing quform-theme class to the class of the new theme e.g.
quform-theme-light-rounded to use the Light Rounded theme. Like this:
Here are the class names for the other available themes:
- Light – quform-theme-light-light
- Light Rounded – quform-theme-light-rounded
- Dark – quform-theme-dark-dark
- Dark Rounded – quform-theme-dark-rounded
- Minimal Light – quform-theme-minimal-light
- Minimal Dark – quform-theme-minimal-dark
Creating a new theme
You can either create a new theme by copying one of the existing theme folders and editing the CSS or use the Blank theme in
resources/themes/blank
In both cases you will need to do the following:
- 1: Change the name of the directory / folder name and add it to
quform/themes/folder.
- 2: Change the name of the CSS file(s) within the theme.
- 3: Change the details in the comment at the top of the document with your new themes details.
- 4: Change the main selector for all of the classes in the form. You can use find and replace (usually Ctrl+F) to do this. If you copied the light theme for example find
.quform-theme-light-lightand replace all with your new name. If you are starting with the Base theme find and replace all
.quform-theme-blank-new.
You could replace this class with any name you like. However, we would recommend using the structure below especially if you would like to sell or share your new theme. Whatever this new class name is must be added to the
quform-outer div as shown above in the Adding / changing a theme section.
.quform-theme-[Theme folder name]-[Theme CSS file name]
Non-JavaScript layout
We have minimally styled a page that non JavaScript users will see errors and the success message on using neutral colors. If you want to change the style of this page edit the file
quform/nojs.php. To see what the page looks like, disable JavaScript in your browser and submit the form.While watching Thursday’s episode of The 100, did you find yourself going “OMG!” a lot? If so, you weren’t alone as there were a few shocking moments from everyone’s favorite survivalist series.
This article contains spoilers so if you haven’t seen The 100 episode “Watch the Thrones” please do not continue reading.
Here are the 5 Shocking Moments that made our jaws drop:
- The Queen Is Dead…
Before we got to know how cold The Ice Queen could get, the ice was melted when Lexa killed her with a spear to the heart. Queen Nia, we hardly knew you.
Lexa and Roan fight to the death had a surprising outcome when instead of killing her opponent, she opted to end the life of her long-time nemesis, The Ice Queen. The question is- Were Lexa and Roan working together to get rid of his mother?
- Lexa, Warrior Princess
We were constantly hearing talk of how strong Lexa is and yes, she has proven she has the strength of a leader to make tough decisions. But boy, can she fight too! Lexa can kick ass and take lives (Nia).
- Pike is the new Chancellor
Viewers have been watching the ongoing power struggle between Abby and Kane for the position of Chancellor. On “Watch the Thrones” we got a new Chancellor. And the winner is…Pike? Huh? Say what? This feels like a plot device to get Bellamy to do something reckless and stupid in his grief over the death of Gina and the destruction of Mount Weather by following Pike. Speaking of which…
- What the Hell, Bell?
It looks like Bellamy is about to make a decision he’s going to regret by siding with Pike in launching an attack against The Grounders. Is is just me, or is he becoming darker this season?
2 thoughts on “5 Shocking Moments of #The100 Watch the Thrones via @stacyamiller85 @the100writers”
Although I usually prefer the more detailed analysis over the standard “list” posts, I have to applaud your refreshing and humorous approach to The 100. I really enjoy your ingenious spin and appreciate the merits of the episode more. BRAVO!
Reblogged this on stacyamiller and commented:
The article I wrote for The Nerdy Girl Express.American Philosophical Society Accepting Applications for Short-Term Resident Research Fellowships
The American Philosophical Society is accepting applications for two short-term resident research fellowships:
David Center for the American Revolution Short-Term Resident Research Fellowships
Swan Foundation Short-Term Resident Research Fellowship
The application deadline is March 5, 2021..
Learn more about the American Philosophical Society here >>
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter for updates about lectures, publications, podcasts, and events related to American political thought, United States history, and the Western tradition!
Want to help the Jack Miller Center transform higher education? Donate today.Intrigued by the filmmaking manner at very young age, Henry discovered that film-making was his destiny. Gifted with an eye for design and a flair for creativity, he was a production designer after some serious years of experience as a wardrobe stylist and art director.
Despite his 23 years in the industry, the passion that got him started still burns fiercely within. His adequate experience ensures that he will fervently live up to his standards. Even though he is where he is today as a Film Director, Henry is never afraid to get down and dirty to get the job done.
Up to date, Henry has filmed countless number of commercials for both local and international markets. He has exposed his talents to countries like New York, Europe, China, Taiwan, New Zealand, The Middle East and South East Asia. He has been nominated and won many awards; 3 gold awards at the New York Promax Awards, Best Cinematography and Best Commercial at the Malaysian Film Festival, Best Director at the Kancil Awards (Malaysia’s most prestigious advertising show), and Best Music Video at the AIM (The Malaysian Music Awards). Henry’s success even contributed to Carrot Film’s capture of the Production House of the Year award in 2005.Hampshire Power Energizes Your Business
Revenue +
Benefit from clean energy without getting into the energy business
You are an expert in running your business. Hampshire Power Corporation is an expert in revenue-generating renewable energy systems. Your roof and parking lot are untapped income streams. Unleash their earning power with us. We finance, develop, own and maintain the following renewable energy systems:
- Solar PV on rooftops and parking lots
- Battery storage systems
- HVAC systems
- Electric vehicle charging stations
Solar to Cash
Make the Most of Your Solar Investments
Hampshire Power provides expert community solar services to developers. We offer a personalized approach from a veteran, knowledgeable and friendly team. Among the solutions we provide are:
- Customer Acquisition and Retention (high quality, reliable payments, low churn, low default)
- Monthly Direct Debit Billing
- Customer Service
- Regulatory Expertise
- Project Reporting
- Utility Communication
- Multi-state Availability
Our Customers Say It Best
"A huge thank you to the Hampshire Power Corporation team for their help with my Alternative Energy Certificates. I continue to be very happy with HPC and my energy decisions. I referred many friends and family to Hampshire Power Corporation for their Mini-split Alternative Energy Certificates, and I look forward to working with HPC in the future."
“I am very appreciative of the effort Hampshire Power Corporation provides in supporting [our] growth. Not only did they sell our renewable power, but they continue to support us in the billing and administration of net metering credits. We have found a partner in Hampshire Power Corporation that we are going to keep. It’s not only a valuable partnership but it is also a lot of fun working with this team. Thank you for all that you have done to keep us going.”
"The HPC team helped our Housing Authority navigate through the Massachusetts AEC process and provided patience and expertise to make it simple. They referred us to another Housing Authority, which was critical to our success with the board of directors. I had a great experience working with Marin and Anthony and am quite happy to receive the financial rewards for installing Air Source Heat Pumps in our building."
HVAC Install Boost
Install More, Make More
Hampshire Power converts a complex program into a simple, upfront payment that makes it simple for installers of clean energy systems to sell more systems faster. Let Hampshire Power manage the applications and regulatory headaches while you are freed up to sell more systems and generate even happier customers. We manage the following:
Concept of this poem : Most of us think Love is strong between lovers only but Love exists even more stronger in our relationship with our parents, siblings , friends and even with our kids.It varies from person to person ,time to time but the Waves of Love remains the same .Here ,I have brought in front of your eyes a short love story between a brother and a sister on a positive note.
So deep is the ocean of your heart
I try but could not visualize even a single part
There are times when I asked you about it when you worry
But without telling me, I can't be of help, I'm so sorry
Some times I can see you in your room so alone
Sitting pale and crying over the phone
One day,you came running home crying
I stopped you,and when asked , I know to me you were lying
Unable to control my anger,I gave you a hard blow
You lost control of yourself telling me everything in a flow
Then , you ran away into your room and jammed up the door
I waited for you to settle down ,then came near you sitting on the floor
I slowly held your hand and said,
"Just listen to me,don't speak a word in between
It doesn't matter about yesterday or how you have been
What happened is just for good , for at last its been found
There is no use in living with a man who has been fooling around
If you feel you aren't lucky now,maybe its not luck after all
There is still life to move on, its your next call
You are still alive ,so fresh, beautiful and young
So never lose this time which will never come again
Go and sleep now and when you wake up tomorrow ,close your eyes and say
That you , my sister of this brother is now strong to face a new day "
You slowly moved your head up and looked straight into my eyes and asked
"Where were you so long ,Oh brother, this is what I have missed
Now I know who stands by me when I am down
For these were the affection and love I have missed when I am lone
I am still your sister and now take my word, listen now
There is nothing so strong that will lift up my soul like your love
I will be stronger than yesterday from today
Its true I am still young and have to go a long way"
She smiled at me , her brother and held my hand lightly
And I noticed the waves in her ocean seems to calm down slowly
Beautifully written!
Thanks for your Comment!
Your poem is touching and beautiful and has a wonderful message. There are many kinds of love in the world!
you speak of that unconditional love so brillantly...we all need someone who loves us that way...blessings...bkm
beautiful story in poetic form,
lovely done!
A beautiful story about a loving brother speaking truth to his sister. Just lovely. The image above the poem is strikingly beautiful as well.
Thanks all for your comments...yes it speaks about unconditional Love of all forms...
So deep is the ocean of your heart
I try but could not visualize even a single part
.......................
And I noticed the waves in her ocean seems to calm down slowly
I liked the way you compared with ocean-heart-clam down slowly
Loved it and Enjoyed it!
Lovely comments...Thank you
wow... so good poem !! i love your describing words !! wel done !! :) i could never be able to write a poem like that !! lol heheCoursework
In this sectionPenalties
Penalties for Late Submission or Non-Submission of Written Assessed Work
Penalties for Non-Submission/Attendance of Assessed Presentations/Group Projects
Word Length and Penalties for Over Length Work
-
-
History Specific Marking Criteria
-
History Marking Descriptors
Academic Referencing and Style Guide
Assessment Deadlines
The dates and times by which you should submit your work for assessment are given on Tabula. Please also see our schematic map of all student deadlines.
Work should be uploaded to Tabula by the date and time specified on the system and following the online instructions. Please note that since this is an electronic system, it is very accurate, so even if you submit your work just one minute after the deadline, it will be marked as late and penalties will be imposed accordingly.
Make sure you allow yourself plenty of time to upload your work and try not to leave this until the deadline day itself. If you encounter any technical problems with your IT equipment or with uploading your work which mean that you are unable to meet the deadline, these cannot be accepted as a valid reason for late or non-submission and penalties will be imposed accordingly. Work submitted by any other means (e.g. emailed to the Office or a tutor) will not be accepted.
Extensions
Extensions to assessed work deadlines may be granted in exceptional and/or unforeseen circumstances (such as
ill health or family bereavement).
The Department expects students to plan their time carefully. It is reasonable to expect that minor disruptions will occur during the assessment period and it is your responsibility to allow for this in your work schedule. It is also reasonable to expect that the essay and exam period will be stressful and extensions requested on these grounds will not be approved.
Extensions will not be granted for computer failure, loss of work that has not been backed up, failure to submit the correct version of an essay, issues with transport, paid work or any other reason that the department considers bad time management.
Extension requests (apart from self-certifications) require written evidence that personal difficulties and/or illness have had a detrimental impact on an individual student’s capacity to study. This evidence must be attached to the extension request when it is submitted on Tabula.
Retrospective requests for extensions will not be granted. If serious circumstances prevent you from requesting an extension ahead of time, you should meet with your personal tutor to discuss an application to the Mitigating Circumstances Committee to be taken into consideration. This must be done as soon as possible.
There are different types of extension so please read the below carefully:
Self-Certification
All students are able to apply for two separate extension periods of 5 working days via the self-certification policy. These extensions will be granted without the need for evidence. Students should apply via Tabula no more than five days before the submission deadline for the assessed piece of work, or pieces if there is more than one deadline in the 5 working day period (students must specify ALL the assignments they are applying for self-certification for within the 5 day working period). Please check that your self-certification has been approved. Students may receive a message via the Self-Certification Portal on Tabula requesting further information from the Year Director before approval.
This step-by-step guide goes through the process of applying for a self-certification. You can also see the number of self-certifications you have remaining on Tabula.
PLEASE NOTE YOU CANNOT USE TWO SELF-CERTIFICATIONS ON THE SAME ASSIGNMENT(S)
Specific Extensions
You may apply for a specific extension of 5 working days if you encounter exceptional or unforeseen circumstances. Students should apply via tabula at least two working days in advance of the published assessment deadline. Unlike self-certifications supporting evidence must be provided. You are eligible to apply for a specific extension even if you have self-certifications remaining.
Instructions for requesting a specific extension can be found here:
You will receive a response to your extension request via Tabula within 3 working days.
Exceptional Extensions
Further extensions (beyond a period of self-certification or a specific extension) may be granted only in exceptional circumstances. In these cases you must discuss your situation with your personal tutor and/or with Disability and Wellbeing Services. In addition to the supporting evidence you must upload an email from your personal tutor confirming you have discussed your circumstances with them. Extensions are not normally granted for more than 10 working days (which includes any period of self-certification or specific extension).
Requests for exceptional extensions should be made via Tabula (remember to do this for each separate assessment, if you have multiple assessments due around the same time).
Instructions for requesting an exceptional extension can be found here:
You will receive a response to your extension request via Tabula within 3 working days.
Extensions for reasonable adjustments
If you have a disability or a chronic or long term health issue (including mental health issues) you may be eligible for reasonable adjustments which will grant you flexibility in deadlines. To qualify for this you must be assessed by Disability Services. Once assessed you will not need to upload further evidence. When applying for an extension on the grounds of reasonable adjustments please note 'reasonable adjustments' in the box provided. Extensions for reasonable adjustments are granted for 5 working days.
You will receive a response to your extension request via Tabula within 3 working days.
File Naming
While there is no "correct" way to name a file, we strongly urge you to adopt a robust convention for naming and organising your files before submitting work - this will help prevent you from accidentally submitting the wrong file. Submission of the wrong file will result in penalties (for more information please see below)
A meaningful filename would contain your student number, the module code, assignment name and an indication that it is the final version, for example:
1234567 - HI127 - Source Review - FINAL.pdf
It is essential that you do not include your own name in the document or file name.
Penalties
Penalties for Late Submission or Non-Submission of Written Assessed Work
Deadlines for the submission of work are available on Tabula. According to University rules, late submission of an assessed essay will, unless an extension has been approved, result in a penalty deduction from your mark for the work of 5 marks per day. Weekends (Saturday and Sunday) and bank holidays are NOT included when calculating penalties for late submission. There is no upper limit to the total penalty for late submission. If, for medical or other compelling reasons, you require an extension on an assessed essay or dissertation please see the extension policy.
Penalties for Non-Submission/Attendance of Assessed Presentations/Group Projects
If students are unable to attend a scheduled presentation they will receive a mark of 0 (in the same way as if they missed a scheduled examination). If they have mitigation for illness or other circumstances then they should submit this as soon as possible (see section of the handbook on mitigation policy). The mitigation panel which reports to the examination board may a) allow a further first attempt (usually an essay is substituted for the presentation/group project) b) allow a resit where the work is capped at 40%) c) in exceptional circumstances waive the need to take the component (usually only if the assessment component is worth less than 3 CATS).
Word Length and Penalties for Over Length Work
Essays and dissertations that are above the word limit will be deducted as follows:
- 9,000 word dissertation: 1 mark off for each 100 words (or part thereof) over 9,000 words
- Any plan or essay up to 4,500 words: 1 mark off for each 50 words (or part thereof) over the specified limit
The word limits are strict upper limits, and marks will be deducted if the assessment is over-length. Footnotes, bibliography and possible appendices are not included in this word-count. The title page is not included in the word-count, but titles and subtitles in the text are. You do not need an abstract or content-list, but if you do include these, they are counted in the word-count.
You will not penalised for producing under-length work, provided quality is not sacrificed to brevity. Learning to write to a limit is one of the skills the degree is designed to encourage you to cultivate.
Submission of Wrong File
Occasionally, a student will accidentally upload an incorrect file. The department allows a window of 2 working days after the deadline in which students who realise that they have uploaded an incorrect file can contact the department and have the incorrect file deleted and be allowed to upload the correct file.
It is the student’s responsibility to check Tabula and ensure that they have uploaded the correct file for all of their summative assessments.
If a student discovers that they have uploaded an incorrect file for a summative assessment they must email the History Office within 2 days of the original submission, stating they wish their initial submission to be deleted from Tabula.
Students must then submit the correct file on Tabula once an initial submission has been deleted by the office.
There will be a penalty of 5 marks per working day applied to the submission.
Once the 2 working day window has passed, students will receive a capped mark of 40 for any incorrect submission. This policy applies to assessments and to 7-day take home exams.
Please note that it is the student's responsibility to check that a correct file has been uploaded not the marker.
Marking
20 Point Marking Scale
The University uses the '20 Point Marking Scale', which directly maps to the different degree classification, and it is now used to mark all undergraduate work. Some work may receive an overall mark that is a composite of several marks from the 20 Point Marking Scale.
Classification is a complex matter, requiring skill and judgement on the part of markers, and no brief list can hope to capture all the considerations that may come into play. There is no requirement that a piece of work would have to meet every one of the specified criteria in order to obtain a mark in the relevant class. Equally, when work displays characteristics from more than one class, a judgement must be made of the overall quality. In some respects expectations differ between essays, oral contribution, presentations, applied tasks, and exam answers. Presentation, style, grammar and spelling are important aspects of the ability to communicate ideas with clarity.
For details of how the 20 Point Marking Scale works, including the descriptors, please see here:
History Specific Marking Descriptors
More detailed marking descriptors for history assignments can be found below. You will find the general descriptors for written work (essays, exams, dissertations etc.) and for seminar contribution where that is assessed. Tutors will provide specific marking criteria for other types of assessment where appropriate. Please contact your module convenor if you are unclear about how an assignment will be marked.
Please note: The descriptors below implicitly cover good academic practice and the avoidance of academic
misconduct.
Written Work (essays, exams, dissertations)
First Class (70+)
- Persuasive and direct answer to the question, establishing the wider significance of the issues concerned.
- Comprehensive coverage of the relevant material; accuracy in the details.
- A direct and coherent argument, well supported by relevant evidence.
- Critical analysis of relevant concepts, theoretical or historiographical perspectives or methodological issues.
- Fluent and engaging writing style; persuasive presentation and structuring of arguments.
- Work which, in addition, displays evidence of creativity, originality, sophistication and freshness of arguments will be awarded marks of 75+.
Upper Second (60-69)
- Direct answer to the question, establishing the wider significance of the issues concerned.
- Adequate coverage of the relevant material, accuracy in the details.
- Skillful mobilisation of evidence in relation to the argument being presented.
- Narrative and description taking second place to analysis.
- Competent manipulation of relevant concepts, theoretical or historiographical perspectives or methodological issues.
- Fluent writing style; effective presentation and structuring of arguments.
Lower Second (50-59)
- Basically satisfactory answer to the question.
- Limited coverage of relevant material; some inaccuracy in the detail.
- Some attempt to mobilise evidence in relation to the argument being presented.
- Analysis taking second place to narrative and description.
- Limited understanding of relevant concepts, theoretical or historiographical perspectives or methodological issues.
- Adequate writing style, presentation and structuring of arguments.
Third (40–49)
- Barely satisfactory answer to the question.
- Inadequate coverage of relevant material; major inaccuracies in the detail.
- No understanding of relevant concepts, theoretical or historiographical perspectives or methodological issues.
- Poor presentation and structuring of arguments.
Fail (less than 40)
One or more of the following:
- Serious misunderstanding of the question.
- Failure to provide any answer to the question.
- Failure to show knowledge of relevant material.
- Seriously muddled presentation and structuring of arguments.
Seminar Contribution
What is being assessed:
- Oral Communication: clarity of expression; persuasiveness; respectfulness and inclusivity; asking useful/probing questions; contributions that extend the discussion.
- Knowledge and Understanding: evidence of preparation of core and/or wider reading; demonstrates comprehension of the readings and/or seminar questions
- Methodological Approaches: ability to discern, explain, or engage with historiographical or methodological issues raised by the readings and/or seminar questions
- Analysis: engagement with and evaluation of readings; focus on meaning rather than description; evidence and argument-driven responses to seminar questions. In the first place, argument and analysis in essays will usually have to be more carefully structured than the comments you might make in a seminar or tutorial discussion. In essays, you should demonstrate awareness of more than one argument, acknowledge differences in the views of historians, and adopt a critical appreciation of evidence and its sources. You should also provide the necessary scholarly underpinning for your analysis by showing the sources of your information and arguments in bibliographies and footnotes.
On questions of presentation, footnoting, etc. you should follow the advice given from the department.
The Essay Question
- Have you really answered the question?
- Have you thought what might lie behind the question, e.g. if it asks 'Was the First World War the main cause of the Russian Revolution?', have you thought about what alternative explanations might be suggested?
- Is each paragraph clearly related to the overall question, raising a new topic and moving the argument forward?
- The ultimate test is that if you left the title off the top of your essay, could a friend guess the question from your answer?
Your Analysis
- Have you made an argument or is the essay simply relating what happened?
- Is your argument logical, coherent and clear?
- Are you contradicting yourself?
- Are you using appropriate evidence to back up each part of your argument?
- Are you aware of counter-arguments?
- Have you combined evidence and ideas from several different sources at each stage of the argument, or are you merely summarising what your sources say one by one?
Your Research
- Have you done enough reading? Six books/article/chapters is suggested for a short essay; ten or more for a long one.
- Are you up to date on the historical debate? Do not rely only on the older texts.
- Have you listed in the bibliography all the sources you used, and only those sources?
The essentials...
Presentation and accurate referencing is an essential part of the historian's craft. An essay that is well written and properly referenced will convey your message efficiently and be more persuasive. Many different formatting conventions are used in scholarly publications and this can be confusing. What we recommend is the best current practice. If you are unsure about any of these guidelines, please ask your essay tutors for clarification.
Why reference?
From reading academic articles and books, you should be familiar with the scholarly practice of making references in the text to other people's work and providing listings of relevant source material at the end of the text.
Why is this done?
-
- Because you may be required to do so by your department
Academic Referencing and Style Guide
The History department recommends that students follow the MHRA standard for essay writing. MHRA is a footnote style commonly used in the Humanities. Superscript numbers are placed in the body of the text, and corresponding notes are placed at the end of each page to cite the resources used.
Examples of good and bad referencing can be found in the Plagiarism section of this handbook:
Examples to avoid plagiarism
Academic Integrity
Please refer to the academic integrity section of the handbook, which can be found here.33 members76 Comments 6 Favorites
42 members115 Comments 7 Favorites
63 members24 Comments 10 Favorites
133 members76 Comments 21 Favorites
234 members119 Comments 24 Favorites
© 2021 Created by Ruud Janssen.
Badges | Report an Issue | Terms of Service
Comment Wall (10 comments)
You need to be a member of International Union of Mail-Artists to add comments!
Join International Union of Mail-Artists
Hi there
if you send me your snail mail address, I will send you something of mine. Your work is really interesting (especially the detailed collage portraits - and the blue lady in the boat, and the orange one in the armchair too!).
Hi Turkan Elci
I received your postcard today. Awesome , thank you so much
I love your work but I'm such a Luddite that I don't post or do much on this magic box. I would be happy to exchange through postal mail though.
Thank you for the friend request. Love your art.
Thank you for the invitation!
Hoşbulduk;)
hello, turkan.
Neila
:Frost & Sullivan predicts that the Indian bakery industry is expected to grow by a healthy 8 per cent rate from 2010 onwards.
But the market, devoid of import entry barriers, is tough for local ingredients manufacturers.
"Norms set by the government for products such as bread have increased the bargaining power of end users, reining in revenues in the bakery ingredients market," said Frost & Sullivan analyst B. Maheshwari.
According to the market analysts, although local makers have an advantage in many ingredient markets, the threat from imports 'looms large'.
The Indian market is devoid of entry barriers for imports, with local manufacturers competing against major global players such as Denmark's ingredients giant Danisco and enzyme supplier Novozymes.
Speciality ingredients manufactured abroad are, according to Frost & Sullivan "higher in quality compared with domestic products."
Compounding the situation for local producers are soaring inflation rates in India and rising manufacturing costs that "are eating into profits."
Building a strong health portfolio
"Innovation offers a route to higher margins for ingredient manufacturers," says the analyst.
In pace with the galloping health trend, Frost & Sullivan suggests that "the production of novel, high-quality products offers the edge over competition."
The thriving Indian bakery industry is still in the developing stage, offering huge opportunities for the bakery ingredients market to grow alongside.
In their analysis of ingredients applications for the Indian bakery industry, according to Frost & Sullivan the market will nearly double in seven years from revenues of over $161.4 million (€125m) in 2007 to $278.1 million (€216m) in 2014.I see myself on Jeopardy. The category is “All in the Family Tree." The answer: “This prolific genealogist and writer bears the name of three historic generals.” I buzz in. “Who is Sherman Lee Pompey?” The studio audience goes wild. Is there no beginning to this man’s fund of arcane information? In fact, “There is no beginning to this man’s fund of arcane information,” could also serve as the answer to the question, “Who is Sherman Lee Pompey?"
Anyone even mildly interested in family research must have run across his name. Amazon lists him as the author of 285 genealogical items, mostly muster lists, census returns, and indexes, helpful items with obvious titles such as “Civil War veteran burial listings," but also a few major works with longer and more creative titles. My favorite is "The miserable lives of the poor, the indigent, the paupers, and others of their ilk in England and where to find their genealogical records,” though the reason his name comes up in this blog is his 1962 publication, "The Wolf and Little Wolf: Being a history of the Lovells of England and America and the Lovewells of America.”
I have not read Pompey’s book on the Lovells and Lovewells in its entirety, but I did riffle through his manuscript on one occasion and remember reading a chapter or two of his published volume during visits to the Kansas Center for Historical Research. If I’m not mistaken, Pompey scrunched together a few previous works, "A Biographical Genealogy Of The Lovell Family In England And America” by May Lovell Rhodes and T. D. Rhodes, a scholarly volume that is as dry as it sounds, livening things up by including some of Orel Poole’s writings about her grandparents, Thomas and Orel Jane Lovewell. While I can’t be certain, bits of Samuel Harrison Lovewell’s unpublished manuscript about the Lovewell family may have been used to bridge the two sections.
It may be unfair to make Pompey sound less like a writer than a chemist, or a cook who stirred together various brands of canned soup and repackaged the result under his own label. I remember his Lovewell book as being well-written, and his prolific output suggests that he was genuinely dedicated to his subject.
A cousin of mine who was somewhat acquainted with him found him a bit too enthusiastic. She complained that he could be a nuisance at funerals, where he would show up to pump the bereaved for family information, while scribbling vigorously in his notebook. Dedicated, if sometimes thoughtless. After reading that description, I reflected on the many times I’ve breathlessly regaled friends and colleagues with news of my own latest discoveries, whether they wanted to hear about them or not. Dedicated, if sometimes thoughtless, might be a fitting epitaph for both of us.
After all, if Sherman Lee Pompey were alive today, you know what he would be doing?
Blogging, blogging, blogging.i constantly have trouble keeping welded parts square after welding them. i set them up square using magnetic squares and clamps but after they're welded and unclamped they seem to twist or pull. i tack weld them first and double check them before final welding. the steel i'm using is 1 1/2 square tubing thats 1/8 thick. right now i'm just working on my own projects but have been asked by many people to do stuff for them. but i dont want to weld stuff for them that comes out lopsided or wobbly. mainly small stands, welding tables and just oddball stuff is what they're asking for. does anyone else have this trouble and how do you keep it from happening. i'm using a mm210 and i love the machine just not the end result. definetely not the machines fault. its either in my setup or the way i'm welding the parts. thanks for the help.
Announcement
Collapse
No announcement yet.
keeping things square
Collapse
X
Collapse
-
through out the magnets !
those magents are no good, now how is your fit up and are you cutting them on a 45% what i do is tack one side then tack the oppsite site of the piece. then what my old forman taught me was check it for square then lock it in by another tack,
its kind of hard to explain on the puter, takes some creative thinking
and if you are doing a buch of these parts a JIG is very useful.then you can always do the tape mesure trick where you measure corner to corner
but those magnets will throw you off, so if you are using 4 of them and there each off by 1/16 the end result is going to be off by a 1/4 of a in*
a good investment is a corner clamp from blessy (make sure you get the one for welding )
found that one out the hard way !!!
good luck
brian
-
shane7207,
As arcdawg said the tacking opposite sides and measuring corner to corner for square is the best way to go. One other thing I have found that helps is to alternate your welds just like your tacks. If I am fabbing a large square for stand alone or as part of a cabinet system, I finish my tacks and double check for square. Then I alternate sewing up all the seams on one side by working form one corner to the opposite corner ; Turn the frame and repeat ; Last but not least run your seams for the inside corners. By the time all is done and cooled the frame should be square. Sound tedious? Not really. Just fun. If it's welding , it's fun! By the way: 1/8"
wall square tube is bad to heat draw anyway. The hotter you can run the mig (even spray in position), the less distortion you will have. Why? The heat goes in fast, but is not a long input time. With the welder set cooler your are taking longer to sew up the bead. Consequently, the heat input time is longer (even though it is a cooler weld) the steel will draw up more. Also the cooler weld may not have the penetration you need. Run hot and run fast. Don't think too hard on this while learning. It comes in time. Best of luck!!!
Comment
i've never tried "spray" welding and not sure how its done. but i'll try turning up the heat and moving faster. i'll use some old scrap and spend a couple days practicing. would like to know how spray welding is done anyways. its probably hard to explain on here. just have to find out by trial and error. thanks for the advice.
Comment
shane7207,
Spary transfer is a GMAW process using a "hotter" gas mix and a high voltage setting in combination with the proper wire setting to create a transfer of molten metal droplets across the arc. The filler wire becomes so hot it turns into millions of tiny droplets. When you watch it transfer from the MIG torch to the work piece it literally looks like a silver/white spray from a paint can. The noise of the arc is also different. It does not crackle, but hisses a long steady hiss.
The advantages of spray arc are deep penetration, fast travel speed, little if any spatter. The disadvantages are few: It is not practical on less than 1/8" material and can only be used on flat postion or horizontal fillets. There are "pulsed spray" machines making out of position welding possible, but is not possible with most standard GMAW machines.
I believe you have MM210. I do not own one, but have seen others on this forum that do spray arc with this machine. If you want to try it then here's what to do. There are at least 3 common gases used for spray arc: 92% Argon/8% Carbon Dioxide, 98%Argon /2% Oxygen, 95% Argon/5% Oxygen. Try to get one of the 2 Argon/Oxygen mixtures because they will be hotter and spray easier. The Argon/C02 mix is good on higher amperage machines capable of 28+ volts.
Set your gas flow around 20CFH. Crank the voltage tap to high or one down (6 or 7 if I remember) and adjust the wire speed up to until you are getting a reasonable crackling arc. Pull back onthe mig torch to increase your stick out near 3/4" -1" and see if the arc turns to spray. If not, then keep turning down the wire speed a little each time and repeat the process until you get the spray. Even in this mode you will get a momentary short arc until you increase your stick out. In this case the length between the torch end and the work piece. Given the choice the 95% Argon/5% Oxygen is probably the best bet for your machine.
I like the spray arc mode for fabricating 1/8" and 1/4" plate and tube. I used to build dozens of high backed hand trucks or 2 wheeled dollies for a customer and sprayed every weld. The frame was 1" x 1" x 1/8" square tube, the plates were 1/4" mild steel, the axle shafts were 3/4" cold roll steel. I never used anything but spray and these trucks are still operating in an abusive enviroment 3 years later on 24 hour shifts. Spray arc is a valuable resource for in position fabrication of tube and plate. It is highly utilized and under publicized.
Let me know how it works for you. Also if you plan to do any stainless wire (have a market for this-it is expensive filler), the 98% Argon/2% Oxygen is typically the shield used to run most stainless filler wires. You might kill 2 birds with one stone. I am going to add a post asking anyone doing spray witha 210 to respond to you on that or this post. That way we will see what gas they are effectively using.
Comment
Hawk: similar situation but Al 1 1/4" tube with 1/8" wall not sure which alloy but I square the framework clamp, it tack it 2 places, check it, tack a 3rd place move to the next joint repeat and repeat till I have a rectangle frame. The concern is I weld opposite corners and then flip and weld opposite corners working continual opposites to keep heat input to a minamum and I still get some distortion, not real bad, maybe 1/32 but I want better. Always trying to improve technique. If it matters these are not 45 degree corners they are square bypass open end corners.
Comment
pjseaman,
I would not turn my hand for 45 cuts over open tube square bypass as you described. You are out 1/32" at what length? This is definitely negligible at 10 feet or maybe less depending on your standards. I think you are doing great! The nature of metal is to bend and warp with heat input. I'd say about all you can do is slow up your welding process to have a cooling session between welds. This may or may not help your distortion, but it will kill your productivity. The only other thing that comes to mind is to pinpoint where in the process time line are you closest to square: after tacking or after welding is completed. This may lend a clue as to what step or steps in the process may need modification. Once again 1/32" is not much over a moderate length. I recently read some articles from the AWS regarding distortion and how to combat it. The article dealt with larger plate and one sided welds. If you are interested, email me through the forum.
Comment
Hawk the measurements on this project are 34"x 12" overall the other part is a cube skeleton 12"x12"x8". The cube is off 1/8" from foreground lower right to background upper right. The rectangle is parallel through the long dimension but not end to end. As far as when it is squarest, I think at the end of tacking it is the squarest on the rectangle. On the cube, I weld it as two squares then lay in the centers to build the cube. This is where I think the problem lies, since I weld the two squares they are both off then it causes a draw in the final passes I think, it is hard to tell on a three dimensional item. I wish I had a cad program I would just email the whole schematic to you and let you tell me how you would weld it. I appreciate any help. Thanks pjs
Comment
pjseaman,
If you can find a way to send the information, I'll be glad to examine and see what may work the best for the project. Since you don't have a AC or CC program can you scan drawings and send as PDF or photograph and send the files. I should be able to open anything you send.
or email through the forum
Comment
CommentIf you had to amputate a limb in order to keep riding motorcycles, would you do it? That's what happened to Charles Rutherford who, seven months after losing his left foot, is back riding. We talk to him about that monumental decision in this interview.
RideApart: Tell us about your accident. How did it happen and what was the immediate aftermath?
Charles Rutherford: June 26th was a gorgeous summer day and I was a couple blocks from my downtown Minneapolis condo. As I took a left turn onto a side street, a large SUV swung a U-turn into my lane, trying to grab the last parking spot on the corner. I had a couple tenths of a second to avoid hitting him head-on and I almost missed him, but instead, skipped off the front of the car with my left leg caught between the bumper and my bike. I nearly rode it out, but I hit the curb and ended up on the sidewalk with the bike still running in the gutter.
RA: How could you have better protected yourself from injury?
Charles Rutherford: 2012 was a tough year to be my body. Although I've always been an ATGATT (all the gear, all the time) guy, I broke my shoulder blade in May on the street (locked the front under braking) and both feet on the track (locked the front on some fluid) in September — both on my 2008 Ducati Hypermotard. To protect my still-healing feet, I bought some serious boots (Icon Elsinore) for 2013. Unfortunately, no boot is SUV-rated. If I'm being extra critical of myself, it's that an illegal U-turner was nowhere on my radar of possibilities. I play the woulda, coulda, shoulda game on occasion, but when I catch myself doing it, I remind myself that the only place I need to look is where I want to go.
RA: You had some serious injuries as a result.
Charles Rutherford: Yes, I had a fragmented compound fracture of the tibia and fibula which means that whatever wasn't sticking through the leftover skin had been turned into calcium dust. I'd smacked my head enough that without a helmet, it would have been messy. Had I caught the SUV half a twist grip further back, I'd have walked away - angry, but on my feet. The funniest part was, this is the slowest crash I'd ever had. That may sound strange, but as a former road racer with an AMA license, I know that it's not the speed that hurts, it's the oncoming or stationary objects.
RA: How did you arrive at the decision to amputate?
Charles Rutherford: Although I was praying shock would turn out the lights until a happier part of the film, I was alert the entire time, right up until they had to take the boot off in the Emergency Room. Thanks Ketamine. When I came to, my family called in the doctor who told me I had options. ‘Options? Yeah, the option is stitch me up and get me on my way, doc!’ He said it wasn't that simple. They had attached an external fixator, which was holding the foot to my leg via a hole they drilled about 5 inches below my knee. Thankfully, there was still blood flow and feeling in my foot, so they didn't automatically whack it off while I was out. I was following along with the doctor as he told me the process of keeping the foot. They could install a titanium rod in place of the three inches of missing bones and they'd have to re-create the bone and flesh by harvesting bone, muscle and tissue from other parts of my body. Meaning six to eight operations with a 20 percent chance of infection each time, over the course of about 18 months. At the end of all that they'd know how well it worked. ‘Ok doc, I'm with you. What will that look like long-term?’ Probably a fused ankle, never ski, mountain bike, chase kids or ride motorcycles safely. Lots of rehab and pain would likely be a constant companion. ‘What about amputation?’ About 8 weeks and you'll be walking. You'll do all the things you're used to doing now.
Although I didn't have to make the decision at that moment, it hit me that just five hours before, my biggest decision was where I was going to take my then-girlfriend to dinner after mountain biking. Now I have to decide whether I'm going to keep my foot?
I cried myself off to a narcotic nap and woke up in the morning with an unshakable peace and the phrase, ‘It's just a foot,’ rolling through my head. Wait, but it's a foot! Yeah, it's just a foot.
I told my family and girlfriend that I was thinking of amputating. They agreed. When the doctor came back that day, I asked three questions: Which option will heal the fastest? What will give me the best quality of life? What has the fewest chance of future complications? Answer: Amputation. My answer: ‘Then after 36 years of faithful service, we're gonna take that puppy off.’ I was able to find the best orthopedic surgeon in town to do the Ertl Method of amputation, which was a high performance/activity method that removed my leg 6.5 inches below my knee, creating a bone bridge between my tib/fib with bone from what they'd removed.
RA: What physical therapy or other methods did you undertake to start riding again?
Charles Rutherford: Although my prosthesis is state of the art, the reality is that there's no way for me to articulate the toe when I'm not taking a step. It only flexes when I put weight on the heel or toe. 69 days after amputation, when I'd begun to groove to the feeling of my carbon foot, I decided to get on my dad's Monster S2R to take it up and down the block. There was no way I could hook the shift lever with my toe, so I had to reach down and pull to shift up. I had to downshift with my heel.
Continue Reading More of Charles' Story >>Bed Bug Control in Leeds
Are you waking up to irritating bites?
Are you noticing tiny dark spots on your bedding? If so you may be the victim of the bed bug
Are you waking up to irritating bites? Have you noticed tiny dark coloured spots on you bedding? If so you may need a Bed bug control solution. Call MJR for fast effective treatment options now.
Bed Bug hiding places
What we do
MJR Pest Control services vast expereince in Bed Bug control in Leeds. This helps us to provide professional and effective Bed Bug removal services. MJR Pest Control also offers solutions for other problem with a pests. MJR Pest control services are available between 8.00am and 8.00pm, from Monday to Saturday. We also provide emergency services to customers in Leeds and the surrounding areas.
They don't care
Bed bus will spread quickly if not treated, rapidly infesting anything they can, even your kids toys.
Bed bugs are good at hiding
Although these little critters are call bed bugs, they will live anywhere with your home, the image above is from the hinge of a kitchen cupboard.
We check everywhere
Here at MJR Pest control we have developed a methodical approach to catching and exterminating this pests.<<In Thailand, cautious economic recovery that started in 2014 is expected to gather momentum slowly, nudged forward by higher investment and abetted by a calmer political environment, better prospects for some exports markets, and lower fuel costs. Consumer prices will barely change this year before edging up in 2016. Stronger public investment depends heavily on state-owned enterprises, which need reform.
Source: ADB estimates.
Economic performance
A contraction in Thailand’s gross domestic product (GDP) in the first quarter of 2014 was followed by a cautious recovery sufficient for the economy to post marginal growth of 0.7% for the year. Political unrest and street protests disrupted economic activity into the first half of 2014, culminating in a military takeover of the government in May. Various disruptions since 2007 have confined average growth over this period to 2.9%.
Economic prospects
The economy is expected to benefit this year from a relatively calm political environment, the restoration of government investment, better prospects for exports to the major industrial economies, and lower fuel costs for businesses and consumers. These factors are forecast to lift GDP growth to 3.6% in 2015 and 4.1% next year.
In particular, public fixed investment will rise in 2015 after last year’s decline and is expected to accelerate in 2016. The interim government has approved an infrastructure program that includes $95 billion in investments over 8 years in railways, roads, ports, airports, and special economic zones. This year, public investment will be confined to relatively small projects, with larger-scale construction to start from next year. The government plans to offer contracts for mass rapid transit rail lines in Bangkok and for double-tracking rail lines across the country.
Excerpted from the Asian Development Outlook 2015.Gallery: Toga Day
On Friday, Sept. 7 the senior class wore togas to school in order to show spirit for the first home football game. Toga day is a tradition and occurs every year on the first home game.
About the Contributor
Marelena Halikias, Photographer
Marelena Halikias is a senior photographer for Devils' Advocate. She can commonly be found crying over reruns of The Joy of Painting, offering to sell...100% DRIED DISTILLERS GRAIN
Cubes & Pellets
MasterHand Milling distillers grain cubes and pellets offer simple, powerful nutrition with no gimmicks, fillers or blends — just concentrated energy and protein to boost performance and profits at all stages of production. All products are available in bags, totes and bulk through our network of dealers across the country.
BOOST YOUR ROI
Feeding only a few pounds a week will increase daily gains and could earn significant returns on your feed investment.
ADD QUALITY POUNDS
High energy, high protein cubes promote bone and muscle growth without excess body fat before finishing.
STRETCH AVAILABLE FORAGE
Offset intake to conserve grass, allowing you to increase stocking rates and grow profits without adding acreage.
LESS STRESS, MORE GAIN
Ultrasound data shows pasture-supplemented cattle are less impacted by stress and gain faster in the feedlot.
VERSATILE FOR ALL STAGES
From a growing yard to summer pastures, in bunks or on the ground, MHM cubes are versatile to fit any operation.
SUPPORT HERD HEALTH
100% distillers grain cubes and pellets contain very low starch, reducing the risk of bloat and acidosis.
SIMPLIFY YOUR PROGRAM
Feed less, reduce waste and replace mixed rations with an easy-to-feed cube double screened for fewer fines.
BOOST PERFORMANCE
Concentrated, highly digestible nutrients will boost cow body score and milk production, and promote higher breed back rates.
EXTRUDED CUBES
Available in 7/8” range cubes, 7/8” transition cubes (shorter length) or 1/2” calf cubes, MHM 100% distillers grain extruded cubes offer simplified versatility for all stages of production. The cubes are compact, durable and ideal for feeding on pasture or in a bunk. The unique combination of concentrated energy, 95% digestible protein and low residual starch accelerates growth, reduces digestive issues, improves forage utilization, and boosts reproductive performance. Our extrusion process breaks down nutrients, allowing cattle to eat fewer pounds per day while maximizing nutrient absorption.
FEEDING RATES
Lactating Cows: 2 – 4 lbs. hd/day
Weanling Calves: 2 – 5 lbs. hd/day
Yearling Calves on Winter Grass: 3 – 5 lbs. hd/day
Yearling Calves on Summer Grass: 1 – 3 lbs. hd/day
INGREDIENTS
Corn Distillers Dried Grains with Solubles, Grain Sorghum Distillers Dried Grains with Solubles
PELLETED CREEP FEED to the feed line, reducing stress, promoting bone and muscle development, and improving overall herd health.
FEEDING RATES
Weanling Calves: 2 – 5 lbs. hd/day
Yearling Calves on Winter Grass: 3 – 5 lbs. hd/day
Yearling Calves on Summer Grass: 1 – 3 lbs. hd/day
Sheep & Goats: 1/4 – 1 lb. hd/day (monitor copper intake)
INGREDIENTS
Corn Distillers Dried Grains with Solubles, Grain Sorghum Distillers Dried Grains with Solubles
.”
“I think it is probably the most common cube fed through the Sandhills right now hands down. Everybody knows what it is because everyone uses it. There is a reason for that, the results speak for themselves and it’s really making a difference.”
.”
Ignite Calf Booster
Getting the right start is a critical step in ensuring calves reach their full potential in the feedlot or in the cowherd.
MasterHand Milling’s Ignite Calf Booster fills gaps left by traditional starter feeds with concentrated energy, protein and powerful additives to provide the nutrition young calves need to grow quickly and efficiently.Bering Ultra Slim Polished/Brushed Silver Watch
Tax included.
Classic, puristic, and yet exciting. Perfect style combined with contemporary minimalism. Inspired by Danish design, the CLASSIC COLLECTION represents a unique timepiece, perfectly highlighting your daily style.
With just a few millimetres in thickness the Ultra Slim is the thinnest Bering watch yet and one of the slimmest watches on the market. High quality sapphire crystal protects the dial against scratches. The Ultra Slim Link features strong stainless steel link straps.Palm Beach Gardens, FL, June 30, 2017 –(PR.com)– LaBovick LaBovick & Diaz is pleased to announce that attorney Peter Hunt, Esq., has won the prestigious Young Lawyers’ Section Chairman’s Award from the Florida Justice Association. Hunt, who heads LaBovick’s Maritime Law division, is recognized for his outstanding work and tireless dedication to justice.
The FJA’s Young Lawyers’ Section is reserved for attorneys under age 36 who have been practicing for fewer than 11 years. This section enables promising young attorneys to gain perspective and insight, while furthering the FJA’s mission to protect the civil justice system. As the FJA’s 2017 honoree, Hunt demonstrates both his expertise and his commitment to providing the finest counsel to LaBovick’s Maritime Law clients. Hunt, a St. Thomas University School of Law graduate, says, “I’m humbled by this honor. FJA’s pro-safety, pro-rights platform enables the legal community to work collaboratively to strengthen the justice system, while empowering citizens and communities.”
For over 70 years, the FJA has been striving to advance Florida’s civil justice system and protect the rights of its citizens and consumers. Operating under the belief that all Floridians deserve the opportunity to seek justice through the legal system and that industries/corporations should be held to the highest ethical standards, the FJA has dual purposes: to ensure the public understands their rights and to vigorously safeguard and protect those rights. Through his work with LaBovick, Hunt puts these ideals and principals into action.
In related news, Hunt also won the Bronze EAGLE Award from the Florida Justice Association. According to the FJA, EAGLES “take the critical but necessary step from being a member of the FJA to being a leader and an advocate for public service, setting an example and leaving their mark to protect access to Florida’s courts.” EAGLE members work collaboratively to protect Floridians’ rights and safety and are recognized as leaders in their fields.
Peter Hunt, Esq., has been with LaBovick since 2013, when he started as a legal intern. Now an Associate Attorney, Hunt leads the Martime Law division, representing clients and networking with local marine professionals and boaters. Hunt is active in a number of professional associations; he serves on the board of directors for the Palm Beach County Justice Association and the FJA and is a member of the Florida Young Lawyer Task Force, American Association for Justice, Florida Bar, and Palm Beach County Bar Association. Hunt is also an avid volunteer with Legal Aid Society of Palm Beach, Peggy Adams Animal Rescue League, Masters in Trial CLE Seminar, and the Florida Fishing Academy Board of Directors.
The Law Firm of LaBovick LaBovick & Diaz serves clients in Florida and throughout the United States. Their expertise in multi-million dollar maritime, social security disability, workers’ compensation, personal injury, and PIP collections cases has led to successful results for clients. Sound and researched legal advice, coupled with exceptional representation at every stage of a case, ensures clients’ rights are protected to the full extent of the law. LaBovick offers a free initial consultation and will deliver an honest, informed assessment based on case law, facts, and their experience within the legal system.
Contact Information:
LaBovick, LaBovick & Diaz
Brian LaBovick
(561) 623-3508
Contact via Email
Read the full story here:
Press Release Distributed by PR.comI'm a dog owner, I'm also a huge animal lover in general particularly when it comes to dogs.He went on to say that, as a police officer, it's not only his job to take care of humans, but also to protect animals in need. As you can imagine, Tom was desperate to save this little, frightened pup. Unfortunately, she was too scared to be coaxed out of hiding, even when someone offered her a hot dog!
Dog seeking shelter in police car engine rescued and safe at Maricopa County Animal Care & Control-Phx. #abc15 pic.twitter.com/AlFfV4E15c— John Pellizzari (@JohnAPellizzari) March 10, 2016
Mexico's drug wars have helped create a crop of ghost towns.
Following the completion of Highway 110, the floods in Trojes, and 20 years of war between the Jalisco Cartel, Los Zetas, La Familia Michoacana, and Los Caballeros Templarios, what remains of life that liven up these places is a bunch of abandoned houses, scattered in nature that has gradually regained its power.
The images haunt:
No one visits these ghost towns, nobody talks about its displaced or murdered people and above all, no one cares about the new business that is emerging-the uncontrolled and illegal exploitation of the ones- that transforms the villages still inhabited into cemeteries of the living.
Glimpses of 21st-centuy Gothic:Taylor Swift Tweets Trouble In The Studio!
Tour for her latest album Red hasn’t begun yet, but Taylor Swift is currently back in the studio making more not-so-sweet emotional music! With her recent and highly publicized breakup with Harry Styles, it was only a matter of time before the 23-year-old songstress made her way into the studio to write another song about a relationship gone wrong. The lyrical lady posted an ominous tweet yesterday hinting that there was something brewing in the recording booth.
The telling tweet all but confirmed Taylor's venting session - and there’s no doubt that we will be hearing a Harry Styles ode very, very soon!
If you were Taylor in the studio, what would the lyrics to your song for Harry be?
You'll ♥Beyoncé unleashed a surprise Destiny's Child reunion on an unsuspecting Coachella crowd, and Twitter basically lost it
We don’t think you’re ready for this jelly. With Beyoncé headlining at Coachella this year, it was more than expected that the internet would have a freakout at some point. However, Beyoncé orchestrated a surprise reunion with Destiny’s Child during her performance at the music festival — the group’s first time singing together since the Stellar Gospel Music Awards in 2015 — and Twitter essentially self-combusted in response.
Beyoncé headlined the second night of Coachella’s opening weekend, and the internet was ready for it. Nearly half a million people livestreamed her set on YouTube, and #Beychella already dominated social media on its own. But after an hour of performing a medley of some of her biggest songs — and sharing the stage with a marching band and husband Jay-Z — that’s when it happened.
Some may even call it destiny.
Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams appeared onstage alongside their former bandmate, and pretty much no one on Earth could contain their excitement. We can’t lie, we still have goosebumps.
The trio performed a medley of some of their most popular hits, including songs like “Lose My Breath,” “Say My Name,” and “Soldier.” It was nothing short of incredible, and we’re so grateful to the internet for immortalizing this forever since we weren’t there to see it in person.
Check out the moment Beyoncé reunited with Destiny’s Child at Coachella below:
Twitter was on fire for the duration of Queen Bey’s performance, of course.
false
Queen Bey has spoken, and you *know* the world listened.
TBH, her entire performance might have been one of our favorite moments of 2018 so far. And, thankfully, Beyoncé and Jay-Z are going on tour in a few months, so we can get our Bey-fix in person (if we’re lucky).watch 02:07
Spider-Man: No Way Home Trailer Dropped - The Loop
Do you like this video?
Play Sound
Sardis Ramsin, designated TD-7556, was a human male who served in the sandtrooper division of the Stormtrooper Corps, in the Galactic Empire's army.[1] At some point, he was on Weigh Station Karambola, where he received a beating from a group of Rodians led by Bludlow after posing as a bounty hunter.[2] Around 0 BBY, he was stationed at Mos Eisley, Tatooine, as part of Commander TD-110's Foot Patrol 7. After an incident involving the escape of a freighter carrying droids wanted by the Empire, Ramsin, who had harbored a desire to ride dewbacks and hated his job and comrades, deserted and sent a sarcastically-worded incident report back as his final communication to his former superiors.[1]
Appearances[]
- Last Shot
- Last Shot audiobook
- The Odyssey of Star Wars: An Epic Poem
- Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope (First appearance)
- Star Wars: A New Hope junior novelization
- A New Hope - The Film Novel (Indirect mention only)
- Star Wars in Pictures: The Original Trilogy
- Star Wars Treasury: The Original Trilogy
- "A Bad Feeling About This"—Star Wars: A New Hope: 6 stories in 1
- "A Bad Feeling About This"—The Original Trilogy Stories
- "Born in the Storm"—From a Certain Point of View (First identified as Sardis Ramsin and TD-7556, simultaneous with From a Certain Point of View audiobook)
- "Bump"—From a Certain Point of View (Indirect mention only)
- From a Certain Point of View audiobook
- War of the Bounty Hunters – 4-LOM & Zuckuss 1
Sources[]
- Move Along, Move Along on StarWars.com (backup link) (Video clip only)
- Star Wars Costumes: The Original Trilogy (Picture only)
- 2016 Topps Star Wars: Rogue One Mission Briefing (Card: Sandtrooper Checkpoint) (backup link) (Indirect mention only)
- Star Wars Helmet Collection 5 (Weapons & Uniforms: Sandtroopers) (Indirect mention only)
- Star Wars: Stormtroopers: Beyond the Armor  8 (Droid Directory: Imperial Mark IV Sentry Droid) (Picture only)
- "The Grand Tour of Tatooine"—Star Wars Insider 189 (Picture only)
- Star Wars: How Not to Get Eaten by Ewoks and Other Galactic Survival Skills (Picture only)
- Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition (Indirect mention only)
- Star Wars: The Galactic Explorer's Guide (Picture only)
- "Imperial Troops" – Star Wars Encyclopedia
- "The Rise of the Rebellion and the Battle of Yavin" – Star Wars Encyclopedia (Indirect mention only)
- "Robert Watts: Location, Location, Location!"—Star Wars Insider 203 (Picture only)
- Tatooine in the Databank (backup link)I.
41 thoughts on “i forget the secret knock”
That’s so cool.
That’s pretty cool to see before and after… I forgot how that movie actually made me feel until reliving it now.
Time to get my kids together and watch it again – for the first time.
Oh wow. That was excellent. And the music made me choke up a bit.
I have to confess to being rather curious as to your thoughts and memories for the different locations.
Thanks for sharing. I’m sure it didn’t evoke the same emotion in me as it did in you, but I may have a little dust in my eyes.
I grew up watching Stand By Me. To this day it remains one of my top 10 movies.
M
Invite Corey and Jerry to a Tabletop episode, everyone could experience all the feels of missing River and childhood’s end.
That was amazing, thank you for sharing. It must be like a time capsule for you. Not many people have a part of their childhood they can revisit in that way. Hell, I’M emotional after watching it.
I cannot begin to express what that film (and book) have meant to me and continue to mean to me. While I’m sure my emotional reaction was nothing like yours, I definitely had an intense reaction. No words…
your awesome wil and by the way if you want you can add me on Facebook
Heh. I’d forgotten that line. “You could be a real writer one day, Gordy.” “F writing! I don’t want to be a writer! It’s stupid! Just a stupid waste of time!” Oddly prescient for your real life.
your awesome Wil and by the way if you want you Can Add me on Facebook if you want yours Truly Derek Sean Law.
Neat post Wil, I really enjoy watching you grow from project to project. I have always admired that about ya man! Just sayin’ -Ethan
That was absolutely amazing! I’ve always loved the movie, but to see the town almost exactly as it was is still stunning.
Wow. Very cool. I’m sure it doesn’t mean nearly what it does to you as it does to me, but it certainly takes me back. I love the Movie Stand By Me. I’m thinking it’s time to rent it for the kids
I really hope one of those projects has something to do with this:
If by “emotional reaction” you mean “bawled through the whole thing, blew my nose several times, and was openly sobbing by the end”, then, yeah, you weren’t alone.
My mom introduced me to Stand By Me when I was a kid. It was one of our favorite movies. She’s been gone over a year now, but I miss her every day.
That was really cool! Thank you for sharing it!
“Stand by Me” spoke to me when I read it as King’s short story “The Body,” but the movie, oh the movie, was like an emotional gut-shot. I was one of 4 BFFs (girls). I was the quiet writer. I was closest to the “leader.” We stayed friends while the 4 of us drifted apart. It was like my life on film.
Please tell me one of the things is the Redshirts TV show.
Wow. Stand by Me. The first movie I ever took a girl on a date to in high school. Becky Z. That brings back a lot of memories. Thanks for sharing.
The more things change, the more they stay the same. Old adage still rings true.
Thought it was great Wil. I know it has to make you feel old but it makes me feel ancient!! Thanks for sharing!! Rick Waters
I had a very emotional response coming from several different places. First, there’s the obvious “Stand By Me” response that so many have mentioned here. Second, as a film fanatic/addict. Thirdly, and most strongly, as someone who admires and appreciates great passion. The person who made this video (and apparently many similar ones) certainly exemplifies great passion. I love it when someone brings something like this person’s passion to my attention. Thanks for sharing this share, Mr. Wheaton. It’s one of the reasons I follow you.
Thank you for sharing that. Even though I grew up not far from where that was shot, I’ve never tried to walk the path in the movie – very cool to see that long stretches of it are still available for movie fans or just people who want to be outside. I can’t imagine what that’s like for you to see the places where you spent so much time, and to see River, yourself, and the rest of the cast as you were at the time. Truly an exceptional movie, from the story to the cast to the setting, and I am always glad to have a reason to revisit it.
I am certain my reactions are different than yours, but each scene has a memory to me from watching it on my own to with friends and then my kids . I identified with the idea of the friends, I had my own group in a similar town but far away from there. What a wonderful thing to relive for you and see how this movie has effected yet another creative person!
Thank you for sharing that. Now, I need to go find who’s cutting onions in here this early in the morning. And then share this with my 2 best friends from when we were 13 and this was our favorite movie ever.
All the feels, Wil, all the feels.
I had a pretty visceral reaction to the video. Stand by me was one of my favorite movies growing up. I wonder if this guy did a Goonies version.
Raygan – yes he did
Wil,
I would like to thank you first for sharing this video on your site. I would not have see this video otherwise. Watching this video was very emotional for me so I can only imagine who watching this video would have affected you. I watched this movie for the first time 2 or 3 years after it released when it first broadcast on one of the major broadcast channels. I’m only 2 years younger than you are so watching this moving was like living through the experiences with you. Of course living in a small community may have help immerse in the world along side you.
So again thank you for bringing back all of those emotions. As Jasonth stated its about time I set down with my children and experience this wonderful movie for the first time, again.
Jared
That was an awesome walk down memory lane! I can only imagine the memories you have Wil.
Cheers!
It still amazes me to this day just how perfect the roles were cast for this movie. Whoever put this video together did an outstanding job with it. Even after all these years, I still want to kick Kiefer’s ass for taking the hat….lol
That is an excellent idea. Would love to see that.
Best Movie Ever!! Sad to see the changes, then again nothing last forever. I have seen Herve’s other Now and Then film’s, he does a wonderful job putting you the viewer right there. You should be proud to be apart of that project. It has touched so many including myself. I’m honored to live during this time.
Thank you for sharing. My grandmother lives in Crawfordsville so we drive through the area all the time. I may or may not have teared up a bit while watching this. So many memories!
That was awesome. Very well done. It’s interesting how it feels watching it from an adult perspective… yet still remembering it from when I was a young one, the juxtaposition & whatnot. I can only imagine it is even more so for you, Wil! Thank you so much for sharing.
Can’t wait to hear what you are bursting to tell us.
All the feels?
I’m very glad that Herve got excited and made something. This is super cool. I’m impressed by how much is the same, though of course things have changed, too. And yes, I, too, got something in my eyes. I’m blaming it on the very, very long night at work. 😉
Oh, and I’m tickled to see a spay/neuter clinic making an appearance, given your support for that sort of thing.
Finally, oh, look, wabbit! A log-in button to let you use your WordPress account here, like before. Why don’t you use that? *facepalm*
Thanks for sharing, Herve, reader, and Wil. I enjoyed this.
Wonderful. One of the most emotive movies ever.
Hello Will, I just found this page today, and just wanted to take the time to tell you how much I have enjoyed work. I still watch reruns of Star Trek that you played in. I also enjoyed you very much in Stand By Me. I lived in Brownsville and grew up there and get back there when ever I can. Hope you continue your acting career with much success ! A life long fan !
Secret knock link.
Wil,
That was really cool!
There are truly only 2 movies that, in one way or another, “hit home” with me — Stand By Me and The War (Kevin Costner, Elijah Wood). To this day, I look forward to when my son gets old enough so that we could enjoy these movies together.
Anyhow, I wanted to simply say “Thank you for sharing this.”
wil i just thought i’d share with you i’m Not sure if you saw the News Report From isla Vista we had a Little Riot Here they used Tear Gas and Flash Bangs you can see it on keyt News check it out.Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky. Conscious breathing is my anchor.
Thích Nhất Hạnh
Feelings
Thích Nhất Hạnh born on October 11, 1926 is a Vietnamese Buddhist monk and peace activist.
Thích Nhất Hạnh lives in the Plum Village meditation center in southwest France,.”
Nhất Hạnh has also been a leader in the Engaged Buddhism movement (he is credited with coining.
Organ preservation with radiotherapy and concomitant chemotherapy has become an accepted treatment modality in advanced head and neck cancer. Unfortunately, organ preservation is not synonymous with function preservation. The aim of this review was to systematically assess the effects of the disease and chemoradiotherapy (CRT) on functions such as swallowing, mouth opening, nutrition, pain and quality of life in patients with head and neck cancer. Another aim was to search for (evidence-based) techniques or strategies known to alleviate or rehabilitate the loss of function(s) associated with CRT. Two databases were searched (time period, January 1997 to August 2007) for the terms head and neck cancer, chemotherapy or cisplatin and radiotherapy, and the functional outcomes swallowing, trismus, nutrition, pain and quality of life or a variation of those words. In total, 15 relevant articles were identified that met the inclusion criteria. The majority of the studies that met the criteria focused on the outcomes swallowing, quality of life, and nutrition. Two studies reported on the outcome pain, but no paper reported on the outcome trismus. Only two papers mentioned rehabilitation options, but specific information was lacking. Further long-term prospective research is essential, not only to determine the function impairment caused by the tumor and CRT, but also to assess the effects of known and newly developed rehabilitation measures. Therefore, in September 2006, the Netherlands Cancer Institute started a randomised clinical trial (RCT): Prevention of trismus, swallowing and speech problems in patients treated with chemoradiotherapy for advanced head and neck cancer. This systematic review was carried out to collect the baseline information for the future outcomes of this RCT.
Brainstorm
Red dot design award 2007
[RichPeople_flyer-copy.jpg]
Bild:Mesa stele.gif - Typografie.info TypoWiki
(via walkingincircles)
lawn scuba, 1963 / superbomba
walkedbeautifully
Alice in the Museum / seriykotik1970
Occasional tables, 1970%27s, Maison Jansen. WT £5000-8000
Bloglines My Feeds (4)
Towers of Food - The New York Times > Science > Slide Show > Slide 7 of 8
a visit / Elle Moss
landofshoes / danske
Be Still, Restless Hearts / .AV Photography.
Scott Radke
David Meanix
Look! Store your Books in the Rafters
Kansas on Flickr - Photo Sharing!
African Dress Traditions
illusion12.jpg 321×326 pixels
swimrettungsriver
Fafi profile - Overspray Magazine / Drew Flaherty
BibliOdyssey: Albin%27s Natural History
Everything Is Shit Except You, Love
FFFFOUND!
Naoko Tone, Atsuyoshi Iijima
Chema madoz
muji 2006
Wilkerton.com
silhouettemasterpiecetheatre.com
Ephemera Flickr
Seduction
Robert Arneson
Gregg Gordon
71mm0 says:posted on jun 16, 2010
is that TRUE? Can you make a used stationary bikes from that book? I'll be waiting until you publish my request :)
Anita says:posted on may 16, 2011
I hate that they had to cut up a book to do it but this is a pretty cool art concept.
Would you like to say something?
Sign up to comment (it's free!) or log in if you're already a member.Reality: scribes working non-union
HOLLYWOOD — Now that a potential Writers Guild strike has been averted, union members can go back to business as usual — which for many means scripting shows that are not guild signatory.It’s the writing community’s dirty little secret. For years, WGA members have penned non-guild programs, receiving a credit as “script consultant,” “segment producer” or no sort of credit at all. And the industry, from the network execs to the guild reps to the writers themselves, all seem to accept the practice with a wink and a nudge. “It’s like the ‘don’t ask, don’t tell’ policy in the Army,” says an Emmy-winning writer and guild member who is employed on a non-guild show. (For obvious reasons, the writer and others preferred to be anonymous.) “The WGA knows that there are non-guild shows out there being written by their membership. But when they aren’t negotiating for anything, they just look the other way. The only time that they (the WGA) will come down on writers (working non-guild shows) is when it’s close to a strike.” If caught, WGA members can be fined or have their membership revoked, although that rarely happens. The WGA declined to comment on the number of writers reprimanded last year for working for non-signatory companies. However, in the wake of the spring settlement with producers, getting fingered for taking non-guild work is not high on the list of writers’ worries. But why are so many WGA members willing to take non-guild work in the first place? The simple answer is money. “The majority of writing jobs available in Hollywood today aren’t guild sanctioned,” says the writer. “There are four networks and more than 80 cable channels. So if you don’t get a job on ‘Friends,’ it’s hard to stay true to the guild and still put dinner on the table.” The number of WGA members secretly working non-guild jobs has grown with the proliferation of cable channels. With a constant need for programming made on the cheap, cablers such as MTV, VH1, Comedy Central and E! avoid producing shows from WGA writers. However, that hasn’t stopped them from hiring writers as “producers.” While MTV declined to comment, E! Networks was open about its procedure in producing its shows, none of which are guild signatory. “We employ an awful lot of people here,” says Greg Brannan, exec veep of programming and content for E! Networks. “We don’t ask them, know or care if they happen to be members of the Writers Guild. It’s not a prerequisite for working here, whether you’re a P.A., a writer, a producer or a vice president in programming. So are there guild members working here? There very well may be. But it’s none of our concern.” Brennan points out that E! produces “nonfiction, documentary-style programming” that consists of a series of interviews interspersed with narrative. Minimal scripting eliminates the need for a separate writer and producer. However, the real reason E! doesn’t pay WGA writers to pen scripts, according to one insider, is because it doesn’t have to. “They don’t hire writers in a writer capacity because they don’t want to pay Writers Guild fees,” says a director who helmed a series for E! “So they hire them as producers and expect them to do everything.” Despite the heavy workload, below guild-minimum wages (cablers can get away with paying less than 50% of what the networks would shell out for the same job) and absence of pension, health benefits and residual payments, WGA members are still willing to take non-guild jobs because of the highly competitive marketplace. They see the cablers as a way station on the road to a staff writing job on a network show. “People look at cable as if it’s minor league,” explains one writer. “It can be, but that’s not always so. Many writers spend their entire careers in cable where the majority of the work is not protected by the guild.” Changes in programming have also exacerbated the situation and brought the major networks into the controversy. The majority of reality and gameshows on both broadcast and cable TV do not use “writers” in the usual sense. Consider CBS’ “Survivor” and NBC’s “The Weakest Link.” Neither are guild signatories. And the proliferation of these shows have reduced the already limited number of writing positions on sitcoms and dramas. According to several scribes, popular programming has evolved but guild rules have not. Many writers cite an internal prejudice from both the networks and the guild concerning narrative versus reality writers. According to one scribe, the guild isn’t willing to seriously confront the networks about the practice of hiring writers as “producers” because reality writing isn’t considered “real” writing, an assumption that angers many scribes. “You’re still pitching situation concepts, but just not adding the dialogue,” argues one writer about penning reality programming. “You’re still creating a story. You think Jeff Probst comes up with his own lines?” What’s the hold up? So why hasn’t the guild initiated talks with producers about making their shows WGA signatories, instead of punishing its membership for wanting to work? According to the WGA, italready has, recently converting ABC’s “Who Wants to Be a Millionaire” and “Whose Line Is It Anyway?” into a signatory shows. “The guild has an active organizing campaign on a show-by-show basis in areas not traditionally represented by the guild, including many programs produced for original exhibition and basic cable,” says guild spokeswoman Cheryl Rhoden. “Last year, the guild successfully negotiated agreements covering hundreds of hours of nonfiction programming.” But for many members, that’s not enough. And until more progress is made, they will continue to accept unsanctioned work. “The WGA mentality is either work a staff job at a network, which is like winning the lottery, or don’t work,” says the Emmy winner. “I don’t see that as much of a choice.”Issue No 29 - August 2021
Issue No 29 - August 2021 (Rosh Hashana5782)
What we love most about Rosh Hashanah is the tangible, physical representation of spiritual, lofty concepts. Apples & honey, pomegranates, new fruits and simanim all show up in this packed issue. We’ve also begun to focus on strategic cooking - making something once, but finding ways to use it multiple times and in various ways.
We’ve got a fresh new take on simanim, Mozelle Goldstein shares a Syrian twist on the tradition. Many Jews of Sephardic descent enjoy an appetizer course of various foods that symbolize blessings for the year ahead. For a more modern, upscale Rosh Hashanah feast, Adina Schlass shares her chef-inspired cooking tips and recipes to inspire our cooking for the holiday and the year ahead. We showcase seasonal produce that we are taking full advantage of while it lasts, and you should too.Obama's team actually prefers foreign car brands
Ooops, it seems that many on President Obama's team, including those seeking to save the American automobile industry, do not actually drive vehicles from the American automobile industry.
According to a study by the Detroit News and a White House parking lot survey by Politico.com, neither do Obama's White House staffers.
Before leaving for Europe (where the Secret Service had pre-placed Obama's new armored Cadillac), the president dished out some rhetorical tough love Monday to U.S. automakers.
He canned the CEO of GM (the UAW president remained, not receiving bailout money), gave the giant 60 days to reorganize and directed Chrysler to do a merge deal with Italy's Fiat in 30 days in order to remain an American company. (Let it go, it makes sense in Washington.)
The Politico survey of cars parked next to the White House found only five U.S. brand cars out of 23 (a Dodge, two Fords, a Jeep and a Cadillac). The News found that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner, who didn't have the money to pay his $20,000+ in back taxes until they became a confirmation problem, did acquire a 2008 Acura.
Lawrence Summers, head of the president's National Economic Council, drives a Mazda. Director of the Office of Management and Budget Peter Orszag drives a Honda and a Volvo. Economic advisor Austan Goolsbee drives a Toyota. VP Joe Biden's economic advisor Jared Bernstein prefers a Honda.
Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood, a Republican, however, went American with a Buick and a Ford Escape hybrid.
-- Andrew Malcolm drives a Pontiac Vibe
Whatever your automotive preference, click here to register for instant Twitter alerts on all new Ticket items.
Photo: Associated Press (Geithner).OnePlus 9 Pro Price and Specs: Chipset, Camera and More
OnePlus 9 Pro Price: The price of the OnePlus 9 Pro is about $1,069, ₦407,500 for the 8GB + 256GB of storage model. And if you live in the United States, you can buy the Unlocked version from Best Buy with instant activation.
For a OnePlus device to be this expensive means it also have something reasonable to offer. Which is why aside from the price of the OnePlus 9 Pro, we have decided to introduce you to the specifications of the cell phone.
HOT DEAL: New! OnePlus – 9 Pro 5G 256GB (Unlocked) – Morning Mist
About OnePlus 9 Pro
The OnePlus 9 Pro is the newest flagship device from OnePlus. It’s the successor of the OnePlus 8 Pro. And this device is camera centric as the company partnered with Hasselblad to fine tone the colors of photos.
While OnePlus phones are getting better each year, their prices is also cutting deep into pockets. They use to be the flagship killers but now they’ve turned into expensive flagship themselves.
Growth is a good thing but also come at a cost. With that aside, lets focus on some of the intriguing specifications of the OnePlus 9 Pro with emphasis on its camera.
See Also: OnePlus and Hasselblad Partnership – Explained!
Chipset, CPU and GPU
Let’s kick things off with the chipset of the device. OnePlus 9 Pro come with Qualcomm Snapdragon 888 chipset built on 5nm process. It has an Octa Core processor clocked at 2.84GHz and uses Adreno 660 GPU.
This chipset is arguably the best Android chipset in the market (as at the time of writing this content). Samsung and Xiaomi also used same chipset in the Galaxy S21 Ultra and Xiaomi Mi 11 Ultra (two flagship device from the companies).
So, if you are looking for smooth gaming experience and fast processing, the OnePlus 9 Pro got you covered.
See Also: OnePlus 8T Specs Leak: Flat Panel, 120Hz Refresh and Snapdragon 865+
Cameras
OnePlus 9 Pro come with quad rear camera with 48MP main camera, 8 MP telephoto, 50MP Ultrawide and 2MP depth sensor. Yes, it’s true that the sensors of the cameras are not the biggest but they come with nice features.
For example, the 48MP come with omnidirectional PDAF, Laser AF, OIS and can record 8K video. While the 8MP telephoto come with 3x optical zoom and also has OIS. Then there is the Hasselblad Color Calibration to help switch things up with natural colors.
Although the 16MP selfie camera can only record 1080P video but it also has gyro-EIS. Using the back and front cameras will give you an incredible camera experience. You don’t have to be a pro to turn on these features as most are turned on by default.
See Also: AT&T Cell Phone Plans, Pros, Cons and Perks – 2021
Display
The display type of the OnePlus 9 Pro is LTPO Fluid2 AMOLED, with 1B colors, 120Hz, HDR10+, 1300 nits (peak). It’s display size is 6.7 inch and the phone is both water and dust resistant.
There is also a corning gorilla glass 5 protecting the display. With the 1300 nits of peak brightness, you can use this phone under the sun without having to strain your eyes.
Note that the 120Hz refresh rate is not adaptive which means you have to be mindful of your battery life if you want to rock steady 120Hz. Also, the display is slightly curved to the edge, so if you are more into flat display you might ant to look somewhere else.
RAM, Storage and Battery
OnePlus 9 pro come with a minimum of 8GB RAM and a maximum of 12GB RAM. It’s internal storage has a minimum of 128GB and a maximum of 256GB. There is no space for storage expansion via microSD card.
The battery capacity is non-removable 4500mAh with 65W fast charge that can charge the phone from 0-100% in 29 minutes. You also get to enjoy 50W wireless fast charge.
See Also: Samsung Galaxy S21 Ultra vs Xiaomi Mi 11 Ultra: Comparison
Software and Sensors
OnePlus 9 Pro runs Android 11 out of box along with OxygenOS 11.3.3 skin software. And the company will also be providing software updates and security patch for at least 2 years.
The following sensors are available for you; Fingerprint (under display, optical), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, color spectrum.
Sadly, there is no 3.5mm jack. So, say Hello to the world of Earbuds and wire headphones. Below is the summary of the key specification of the OnePlus 9 Pro.
See Also: Galaxy Z Fold2 5G gets One UI 3.1 with Improved Features
Specifications of OnePlus 9 Pro
• DISPLAY: 6.7 inch LTPO Fluid2 AMOLED
• OS: Android 11, OxygenOS 11.3.3
• CHIPSET: Qualcomm SM8350 Snapdragon 888 5G (5 nm)
• PROCESSOR: Octa-core
• MEMORY:
8GB/12GB RAM, 128GB, 256GB Internal Storage
• BATTERY: Non-removable Li-Po 4500 mAh battery
• SENSORS: Fingerprint (under display, optical), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, color spectrum
• CAMERA: 48MP + 8MP + 50MP + 2MP / 16MP front camera)
• NETWORK: 2G, 3G, 4G & 5G network
See Also: Samsung Galaxy F62 Price and Specs: 7000mAh Battery, 64MP Camera
OnePlus 9 Pro Price
Where to buy OnePlus 9 Pro
What are your thoughts about the OnePlus 9 Pro? Do you think OnePlus phones are getting too expensive? Lets discuss in the comment section below.
For further inquiries: you can reach me on +2348131219576 (WhatsApp only) or send us an email [email protected].This post is also available in: العربية
A.
Aug and classic cars”, said the publisher Penguin Random House.
The men, all in their 40s and 50s, denied choosing a female pseudonym to help sell the books. “We didn’t hide behind a woman; we hid behind a name. I don’t know if a female pseudonym would sell more than a male one, I don’t have the faintest idea, but I doubt it,” said Antonio Mercero.
They had previously claimed in interviews and on their own website that Mola was a professor in her late 40s, saying that they needed anonymity to “protect a settled life that has nothing to do with literature”.
Their agent’s website features a photo of a woman, looking away from the camera, on the author profile page, above a flattering comparison with Italian literary sensation Ferrante.
The book that clinched the prize does not feature Blanco. It is a historical thriller, set in 1834 during a cholera epidemic, about a serial killer who dismembered girls. A journalist, a policeman and a young woman get together to try to hunt him down.
Source: The GuardianLa Roja, the two-time defending champions, are among nine top seeds for a new-look qualification process that will also feature tournament hosts FranceWorld champions Spain will find out the first half of their route to an unprecedented third successive European Championship victory on Sunday when the draw is made for the 2016 tournament's qualifying phase in Nice.
La Roja, winners in 2008 and 2012, are among nine top seeds as Europe embarks upon a new-look qualification process ahead of the competition's first ever 24-team finals, in.
France will be placed into Group I of the draw without actually playing for points since they automatically qualify as hosts. The move has been made so that Les Bleus can play competitive friendlies while the rest of their group battles it out for a place in the finals.
In another new step, each round of qualifying fixtures will be spread over a three-day period, meaning full international weeks will include six consecutive days of qualifiers. The first 'Week of Football' will take place from September 7-12, 2014.
Sunday's draw begins at 12:00 CET and will include Gibraltar for the first time since gaining full Fifa membership.About This Activity
Dates
January 24-26, 2014.
More Information
Please visit the Western Region website at
Cancellation Policy
All cancellations must be received 7 business days prior to the start of the clinic or seminar. All cancellations must be received in writing via email at westregion@littleleague.org or by faxing the request to (909)887-6135.
Refund Policy
In order to qualify for a refund, a cancellation must be received in writing 7 business days prior to the start of the clinic or seminar. Refunds will be less the online administration fees. Refunds will only be issued in the form of a check and will be mailed in approximately 6 weeks.
Housing
Dormitory style housing is available. Please let us know when registering if you will be staying on site. If you choose to stay off site a list of hotels is availabe on our web site at.
Fees
85.00
Organizer Info
Discuss This ActivitymDesign Adjustable, Expandable Drawer Organizer/Divider - Foam Ends, Strong Secure Hold, Locks in Place - for Bedroom, Bathroom, Closet, Office, Kitchen Drawer Storage - 2.5" - Pack of 4, Smoke Gray
Regular price
$49.10
$28.19
Sale
Brand: mDesign
Color: Smoke, dorms, cabins, RVs and campers
- DURABLE CONSTRUCTION: Made of durable BPA and Chlorine free shatter-resistant plastic; Strong and durable steel pin inside locking mechanism; Black foam pads on ends to grip drawers and keep them free from scratching and marring; Wipe clean with a damp cloth
- CONVENIENTLY SIZED: Each Measures 13.25" x 1.25" x 2.5" high; Expands from 13.25" to 20.75". mDesign - more calm, less clutter
UPC: 841247176161
EAN: 0841247176161Supporting local and regional
sustainable energy actions
Information on key EU legislation and policies in the field of mobility and transport can be found on the Urban Mobility and Transport Portal ELTIS.
In addition to regular policy updates, ELTIS facilitates the exchange of information, knowledge and experiences in areas such as sustainable urban transport, intelligent transport systems, clean and energy efficient vehicles.
It provides a regular news round-up, case studies, videos, a photo library, policy reviews, handbooks, on-line tools and much more. Visit the ELTIS portal.Rode to work yesterday. Riding to and from work seems like it is getting easier. The ride in was no problem at all.
The ride home was extra fun because Sox and I got to race home after she picked up Sprout from daycare. I did a good job of keeping pace with the car, but Sox dropped me after the Johnson St Bridge.The scorn of Jake Gyllenhaal has been sweeping across the country since the reissue of a Taylor Swift album with a song, “All Too Well,” believed to be about her brief relationship with the actor. I’ve previously claimed that this is nothing to worry about, it’s mostly a silly game, but that was before I saw the anti-Gyllenhaal earrings that an eighth grader from Pennsylvania named Caroline has been wearing at school in protest. silent. Perhaps this is more serious than you thought. Caroline agreed to take a break from her activism to talk to Slate about why she’s mad at the actor, the mass production of the earrings, and a certain infamous scarf. Our conversation has been edited and condensed.
Heather Schwedel: How long have you been a fan of Taylor Swift?
Caroline: Honestly, I’ve listened to his music, I’m pretty sure since I was born, because my mom has always liked it. And my grandmother is a huge fan of her old country music. So I’ve always been surrounded by it, but I started listening to it on my own probably when I was 8 years old.
Were you excited for the reissue of Red? I should point out that you were 4 years old when it first came out.
I was definitely excited about it, and a group of my friends at school were excited about it. I feel like if any album were to be reissued, I would definitely want it to be Red because I loved the song “Red” itself. And a lot of those songs are so good.
I was very excited for the 10 minute “All Too Well” movie, because I love her music, but you can’t always see how she films and I like her filming skills. I saw it immediately. It was very good.
What told you about that?
Every time I see things, I always have this problem where I just can’t get in and I can’t feel what the artist is trying to show, but with Sadie Sink and Dylan O’Brien, right away, I felt kind. uncomfortable. I felt so bad for Taylor. I immediately thought, “This age difference is a bit strange.”
How did you know that Jake Gyllenhaal was supposedly involved in the history surrounding the album?
I really don’t remember exactly how I knew. Somehow i knew Red it was about him. I heard a friend talk about it and then it just clicked. I loved her performance in Spiderman, but …. MMM.
So you decided to make earrings.
I’ve always been making jewelry, especially quarantined. As soon as I saw the movie, I don’t know how it came to me, but right away, I felt this rage against Jake. He was mad. I was like, “Oh, I’ll just do something jewelry-wise.” I found the base image of him and then I just put an X on it, printed it out, and started laminating it.
How did you choose the photo?
I thought this photo went well with red and also, I don’t know, I thought he looked a bit mysterious in this one. It definitely looks like it did something.
So have you spent them, like in school?
Oh my God. Yes. Since I made them, I have been using them every day.
What kind of reactions have you had?
It’s crazy. It’s a mix of people saying, “Who is that?” and then a bunch of people saying, “OMG I love Taylor Swift.” So I’ve been making them and handing them out to people. Like I brought five of them every day, hoping someone would say something about Taylor Swift, and I’ll give it to them. I gave them to my Spanish teacher, my history teacher, and a bunch of random girls who mentioned Taylor Swift.
You teachers?
We were in history. We were working on this worksheet on our separation from Great Britain. My teacher started playing Taylor Swift, “We will never be together again.” So I grabbed a couple of people who had the earrings with me and we gave them a pair. She was so excited.
My other teacher saw my earrings as she walked into class, and I said, “Oh, did you look like the new ‘All Too Well’ movie?” And he began to die laughing, as if his hands were on his knees, his head was bowed and he was laughing so hard. So I gave him a pair.
Did any of them use them?
They put them on right away.
If someone asks about earrings, do you have a quick way to explain them?
At first I was giving details about the movie and everything that was going on and the scarf and all that. But I’ve gotten to the point where I’m starting to say that he was a very bad and toxic boyfriend to Taylor Swift. He did some bad things so we don’t support him right now.
Have you met someone who is in favor of Jake?
My cello teacher didn’t see the X at first and she was so excited because she was talking about how she loves Jake Gyllenhaal’s performance. At first I warned him. I was like, “If you really like it, I don’t want to screw it up.” But I told him, and the good thing is, he’s a Taylor Swift fan. She is more of a fan of like Folklore and Increasingly. So I don’t think she knew, but she said she would stop supporting him. I think that is progress.
So are you officially boycotting it? As if you didn’t see another of his movies?
I haven’t really seen much of it to begin with, so I don’t know if I’m necessarily boycotting it, but if it comes out with another movie soon, I won’t see it, unless it has Tom Holland in it. .
Do you know who Maggie Gyllenhaal is?
Isn’t that your sister, and that’s the sister who left the handkerchief at home in the song?
Yes, and she is also an actress.
Oh!
Are you mad at her too for her involvement in this?
I did not know that she was an actress. I have not gone too far into its involvement. I do not know.
What do you think of the scarf? Exists?
I think there is a scarf, but I was thinking there might be a metaphor related to the scarf as well. I feel like I saw something that said that could also be a metaphor for her virginity.
Do you think Jake still has it?
I feel like I could still have it, but I feel like after all the hate he’s received, I wouldn’t want to keep the handkerchief if I were him.Letisha Smith (MS ’17) is a graduate of NYU Steinhardt’s program in applied statistics for social science research. An Atlanta, Georgia native, she earned a BA from from Emory University, was awarded an Urban Education Fellowship at Match Charter High School in Boston, and then took a job as a behavioral specialist at Alliance Inclusion and Prevention. She currently works at NYU’s School of Medicine at the Institute for Innovations in Medical Education.
In September, Letisha received the Award for Statistical Excellence in Early-Career Writing from the Royal Statistical Society. The prestigious honor celebrates early career statisticians who can demonstrate effective communication skills while explaining their work to an audience of non-experts. We spoke to her about how she applies statistics to her life and work.
What is a day like as a Senior Database Analyst at NYU’s School of Medicine?
As a Senior Database Analyst, a lot of my time is spent analyzing survey feedback that medical students receive on their quality of patient care. My preferred statistical programming language is R, which I use on a daily basis for cleaning, visualizing, and reporting data.
Can you talk about how you fell in love with data? With machine learning?
Before grad school, I spent a few years working in Boston’s education sector, which is rich with organizations using evidence based interventions to improve academic outcomes for students attending underserved schools. My exposure to reform efforts in charter, turnaround, and traditional public school environments allowed me to recognize that the most effective policies were backed by data. Therefore, I decided to get my master’s degree in applied statistics at NYU Steinhardt because of the program’s focus on social science research.
You have written on the very practical application of data in cooking, for which you won the 2018 Award for Statistical Excellence in Early-Career Writing. How do you apply statistics to adopt healthier eating habits?
I am interested in the use of light touch interventions to influence human behavior; the way that recommendations can be used to nudge people towards making better decisions, which is how I initially conceived of my project. When faced with dietary restrictions, the focus has traditionally been on what not to eat. However by grouping together recipes that share similar ingredients, I hope to recommended meals that people can make at home by using ingredients already available. If someone wants to cook a dish, then my objective is to suggest other dishes that use similar ingredients without the cook having to pre-specify foods to use in future meals. Ideally this would allow one to maximize the number of meals made with a minimal amount of ingredients–potentially reducing food waste along the way.
Do you think that statisticians look at the world differently?
I do not think that statisticians inherently have a different view of the world; however, I do believe that statisticians desire to use data to contextualize what they see.
What advice would you give a student who is struggling to learn statistics?
Take a step back and ask yourself what questions are you most interested in solving and how learning statistics can aid in that process. In a classroom, the teacher may not be able to tailor a lesson toward your specific question, but strive to make these connections and ask for clarification when needed.
Also accept that you may not fully understand a concept the first time that it is presented, so be patient, acute to the precise misunderstandings you have, and willing to seek out extra resources that provide more detailed explanations.Stories about East Asia from September, 2010...
Brunei's “national twitter account”
Meet @BruneiTweet, probably Brunei's most famous twitter user who blogs about the lives of ordinary young Bruneians. GV interviewed him about his online projects and other advocacies.
China: 7 Departments on censorship
Isaac lists out in Twitter 7 government departments that are responsible for censorship in China....
Japan: Pachinko, a legal gambling game
A blogger at theJapaneseTutor.com shortly explains [en] what pachinko [en] is and why this gambling game is legal in Japan.
Japan: Earthquake warning via mobile phone
Akky Akimoto from Asiajin introduced an earthquake early warning system via mobile phone network in Japan.
China: Blind people's footpath with Chinese character
A collection of photos on the design of blind people's footpath in China has been circulated widely through sina micro-blog. All the paths lead the blinds to dangerous trap.
Singapore: Minimum Wage Debate
Should the Singapore government impose a minimum wage policy? Hong Kong’s recent decision to adopt a minimum wage policy has sparked a debate in Singapore as to whether the prosperous...
South Korea: Broadcasting Power Struggle Bruises Korean Viewers
When two giants fight, it is usually an innocent bystander who gets most hurt. That is exactly what’s happening in South Korea’s broadcasting field, with Korean viewers being the bystanders. Some of...
North Korea:Kim Jong-il Renominated As the North’s Leader
North Korea’s Kim Jong-il was renominated as the general-secretary of North’s ruling Worker’s Party in regime’s biggest convention in 30 years, South Korea’s Yonhap reported itas breaking news. According to...
China: Uncensored District Government Website
ESWN translated a news story on a grassroots government website in Xindu district of Chengdu city. The district government website does not censor away abusive comments, on the other hand,...
China’s bizarre phenomena: buildings die unnaturally
China Hush gathered informations and pictures from ifeng.com and people.com.cn and showed how buildings die unnaturally in China.
North Korea:Kim Jong-il Appointed Jong-un As the North's General
North Korean leader Kim Jong-il has appointed Kim Jong-un, his youngest son as a general in the North Korea's military, thereby announcing Jong-un as North Korea's next leader, officially for...
China and Australia: Reactions to Chinese Asylum Seekers’ Rooftop Protest
Veggie Discourse translated Chinese netizens’ reaction to the Chinese Asylum Seekers’ 2 days rooftop protest in Sidney.
China: Glory to the Stability Maintenance Contractors
Yesterday, September 26, the Chinese Government released its white paper on human rights. The Xinhua news report highlighted the positive aspect of the role of Internet freedom for the government...
South Korea:Korea Won the U-17 Women’s World Cup
South Korea won the U-17 Women's World Cup for the first time.Korea’s online media Pressian[kr] focused on women team’s humble beginning; it started out to boost cultural exchanges with North...
Southeast Asia: Blogging about Football
There are many football blogs in Southeast Asia that provide relevant news stories and updates about football matches and programs in the region. Here is a list of football blogs...
China: Tibetan writer awaiting trial
An update in the case of imprisoned writer Tagyal and the latest hit single from hip-hop group Green Dragon are among the stories in Dechen Pamba's roundup of the Tibetan...
Myanmar: BarCamp Mandalay 2011
After the successful Barcamp Yangon 2010 in Myanmar, preparations are now being made for the BarCamp Mandalay 2011. The event also has a Facebook page.Filters Selected:
Browse by
gray - girl - Boots
Showing results 1 - 23 of 23
Keen Auburn Boots - Suede, Sweater-Knit Shaft (For Kids and Youth) - DAPHNE (8 )
$42 Go to
Sierra Trading Post
Sierra Trading Post
mySimon is not affiliated with or endorsed by Simon Property Group. If you are looking for Simon Property Group, click here.Reeses Candy Bars, Outrageous!, Snack Size
REESE'S OUTRAGEOUS! Bars are the perfect addition for REESE'S lovers on the go. The unmistakable taste of REESE'S peanut butter mixed with gooey caramel, stuffed with crunchy REESE'S PIECES candies and enrobed in smooth milk chocolate will have your taste buds crying tears of joy. These snack size bars are the perfect size for everyday snacking and Halloween needs. The perfect lunch snack, travel snack bar, or chocolate and peanut butter snack; anytime, anywhere. Individually wrapped snack size candies, great for trick or treat. Kosher candy bars.Location dating app iphone, I'm app woman who iphone locations
Hinge is on a mission to change that.
Give tinder a fake location: your best guide for ios and android
If you want to go beyond the matches from your local community, you will need to change your location on Tinder. The good news is that you can fake your GPS location in Tinder to make it think you are elsewhere.
Does fake GPS work with Tinder? If yes, how do you fake your Tinder location?
By default, Tinder serves up matches that are close to you instead of ones in another city or country. While this seems logical from a distance perspective, there are a few reasons why people might want to change their location on Tinder.
(answered) does fake gps work with tinder in ?
The popular ones include:. It does, but only if you follow the correct method.
In the past, there are several ways to fake your GPS location on Tinder, but the app creators have gotten smarter at detecting attempts to do so. Understandably, they want users to pay for premium features to change their Tinder location. So the only viable option is to use a North west indiana craigslist GPS method that still works. Hook up sites london ontario faking their Tinder GPS location. With AnyGo, you can see the map on full screen to get a better view of the location you want to see Tinder profiles.
How to change location on tinder -ultimate guide
Once done, double-click on it and follow the on-screen instructions for installation. You should now see your existing location on the map that comes up on the next. Then, in the field, enter the location you want to teleport to.
Open Tinder and change any setting related to the location like the search distance so that it identifies the new location you have pointed to in the app. Good luck! Save my name,and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Dave Patterson Bored seeing the same profiles on Tinder? Try changing your Tinder location. The popular ones include: Relocating: Moving to a new city can be life-changing.
One Adult dating in india the benefits that come with it is being able to meet new people. Traveling: Many people use Tinder to find dates when traveling. No local matches: If you live in a small town, you may have already run out of profiles to swipe right. Fortunately, you can give Tinder a fake location to meet people from regions outside.
Here are step-by-step instructions to get you running with AnyGo: 1. Easy, right? You can also choose the multi-spot route to simulate a movement naturally. Here are the steps to fake Tinder location on Android: 1. Launch the fake GPS app and set the location to the area you want.
Download for Win. Download for Mac. Further Reading. Dave Patterson Dave has been writing about tech for five years, covering a range of topics including phones, tablets, tutorials, and reviews.
How to change location on tinder (fake gps tinder)
Jonathan says:. We use cookies to ensure that you get the best experience on our website. By using our website, you consent to our Cookies Policy.
A keynote speech under the topic “Ocean-Based Solutions and Policy Frameworks for Enhanced Climate Action and Blue Economy” was delivered by Senior Professor Ajith de Alwis of the Department of Chemical and Process Engineering, University of Moratuwa at the Sixth National Symposium on Marine Environment, hosted by the Marine Environmental Protection Authority of Sri Lanka (MEPA) in collaboration with SLYCAN Trust on 22nd and 23rd 2021 April at Cinnamon Grand, Colombo 03.
This contest is to celebrate the association between eclectic Paperie & studio 490...YIPPEE!!
We're sooooooo excited to share these fun goodies with all of you!
Below is the prize package donated by Daisy & Joy...eP owners...
WOW!
A LUCKY someone will win...
one of my MOST favorite stamp sets...dreams of art!
and...grungePAPER!!
and...a blending tool
Like the infomercial says...
But wait!!! There's more!
The package also includes the following:
Maya Road - Fresh Clipboard (chipboard collection)
Ranger - Stickles Baby Blue
Ranger - Distress Ink Aged Mahogany
and...last but not least...
an eclectic Paperie exclusive Apron -
"so you think you can stamp"
I think it's soooooooooooo cute!!
Now are you wondering what I'm donating for the winner??
HA! I'm not telling!
It will be a surprise...you'll have to suffer!!
I LOVE suspense and being surprised!!
I hope the winner does too!
So...here are the rules and how you can enter to win...
I currently have 14 studio 490 stamp SETS...
a SET is a page FULL of stamps.
It looks like this...
This SET has 5 INDIVIDUAL stamps...
(it's currently SOLD OUT @ eP...but they did reorder!)
NOW...what you'll need to do is go to the eclectic Paperie site...
look @ the other 13 studio 490 SETS ...
COUNT the INDIVIDUAL stamps...and write down that number...
Here's the fun part...
studio 490 will release 7 new stamp SETS in July...
7 pages FULL of new stamps!!
You need to GUESS how many INDIVIDUAL stamps there are in the 7 new sets...
and add that to the total you found on the eclectic Paperie site.
THEN...
leave me a blog comment with the TOTAL number of individual stamps.
That means all stamps from the current 14 sets PLUS take a guess on how many NEW stamps I designed.
EASY?? FUN??
We hope so...
Don't try to suck up to Daisy & Joy!
It won't work! They're not seen the NEW stamps...
so they have NO CLUE! HA!
And...don't waste your time sucking up to me either! (go shop or make art)...
I actually have no idea what the total is. I'll be counting here & doing a RE-COUNT to make sure the total number is accurate.
Each person can enter our contest only ONCE...you must leave a blog comment here to enter...
We'll have the total number figured by TUESDAY morning...
and we'll choose a winner then.
If there is more that one correct entry...we'll have a random drawing...
So...good luck to everyone!!
HAVE FUN!!!
and after you finish counting ...
go...
make art!
wendy, Daisy & Joy too!
119 comments:
OK, I'll guess 155. See ya tomorrow, Wendy!
I will guess 131 - Diana B
OK, my guess is 138.
Eileen in NYC
eyeleeeen@optonline.net
I will guess 133
I guess 134.
I'm guessing 140 (Helene)
I guess 130.
My number is 139. Thanks for the opportunity to win this great prize package and for introducing me to the Eclectic Paperie site. They look great too!
I hope there are 135... I didn't know you had so many stamps yet !!
greetings from belgium
Inge
my guess is 141, hope to be lucky!
my guess is 148 - what fun!
I have admired your stamps for a long time .... can not wait to see the new ones!
Sandra
I'm going for 144
Thanks to both of you guys.
My guess is 136
My guess is 132.
My guess is 130 total new stamps. This was fun! I enjoyed looking at all the stamp sets.Great designs Wendy!!! Thanks for the exciting contest!Hugs,Ina
I'm going to say....131.
my guess is 131.
Fun! My guess is 132.
My guess is 162. Congrats on your new stamps! Can't wait to see them!
My guess will be 123. Loved looking at all the stamps.
Hm, my guess is 142. Can't wait to see the new stamps.
And the number is 151. Can't wait to get some ink on the new stamps.
I guess 153 stamps
139 I took my first guess.
O How I hope it is me.
I love Wendy's ideas--guess because I am a Flower Gal
My guess is 132. Thanks for the chance to win!
My guess will be 146, Oh what I could do with those prizes. I just ordered my 1st two set of 490 stamps and can I just say I love them! They look wonderful on grungepaper. Thanks
My guess is 125. Wow what a giveaway. I love it. Thanks a lot. Nancy Lynn
160..total guess. :-)
After viewing all your wonderful stamps and counting them, I wish I could own them all. But some of them would be wonderful. I guess that there are or will be 138 individual stamps in the sets. Please pick me, Pat
Hello.. from Springfield, MO! I am guessing 147. Can't wait to see the new ones!!!
Hello! I guess 140...
OMGOSH! how AWESOME is this prize!??! Im guessing 151!
My guess is 129...love the looks of these gorgeous stamps :)! Thanks for this fun giveaway :)!
Hugs,
catherine
catlevy@eastlink.ca
Great contest Wendy! My guess is 128 stamps! laura j
I'm gonna say 153
I'm going to guess 131. I so hope that's a winning answer.
I am guessing 137 wonderful stamps..can't wait to see/use the new sets!
I'll go for 135 - maureen in the UK
I guess 128 individual stamps in the sets.
Fiona
MY guess is 126, with my sons help.:-)
Am glad I got this link from my yahoo group. I love that site.
Thanks
Roseann
Beautiful, creative Stamps and a fabulous prize.
My guess is 135 total
Carolyn in Idaho
I guess 135 individual stamps in the sets.
Tomo
132! Interesting contest =)
I would like to guess 113 stamps. Thanks for offering a prize and a fun contest. I can't wait to see what you have designed for us now! Mini stamps sound great to me. See you at the bird class on saturday!
Great contest, my best guess would be 132.
Gosh; would this almost be as cool as the guy who won PowerBall??? I'm guessing 134.
Well this is sure a fun contest. every time I look at these stamps at Debbie's store I never thought to count...I just look at what can be created with them. So my guess will be 133. Can't wait to see the new ones when they come in!
141 is my guess! This is fun . . . nothing like a good ole contest *smiles*
I say 137! What a great assortment!
-K
my guess is 142
Just to say - I am holidaying in Colorado in September and hope to buy LOADS of your stamps while I am there- I hope they sell them there!!!!
my guess is 130 individual stamps.
What a fun contest!! My guess is 137 stamps in total
What a fun contest. Can't wait to see the new stamps. My guess is 135.
I'll guess 149 stamps. Thanks for having a contest!
ok...my guess....150.
:)
my guess is 127
my guess is 150. Thanks
I guess 140.
Thanks!!!
my guess is 490... oh wait, that's the address of the most talented artist ever!!!
My guess is 126!
Thanks hugs Shelley
I'm guessing 129. Awesome contest by the way.
great stamp sets!! I am guessing 128 sets.
i'm going with 126!
Here is my guess, Wendy! --145--
I will guess 131. You have some awesome stamps.
There are 90 in your original sets, and you do 7 sets each release. I'm hoping that you do 45 new stamps each release, bringing the grand total to 135!
Ohhh, how I would love to win this!!!! It was my birthday yesterday and what a nice present this would be!!! My guess is 139.
Hi Wendy!
My guess will be 132 stamps in all. Thanks so much for all the fun!!
~L@urie
My guess is 100. Thanks for the chance to win.
My guess is 139...best wishes with your new sets too!
Hi from Northeast Jersey ... my guess is ... hmmmm ... OK, 146! That's it, right? 146?! I knew it! Thanks!
I am guessing 138. Thanks for the opportunity to try out some products I don't have!
My guess is 135. Thanks for torturing me by showing me how much more I need to purchase:)
Donna B
63
Oh goodness 163? Well it's a shot.
Thanks!
justmedlb@newsguy.com
OK, I have a theory to my answer of 139 so I hope it's right. By the way, July 11th is my birthday and it's a significant one. Any chance of you giving me a preview of your new release so I'll have something to look forward to on my b-day instead of dreading it??!!!? LOL!
Hi Wendy! I'd love to play and have a chance to win - thank you! I'll guess 138 stamps.
Love the newest things on your blog! Emily told me that with what we counted, we should guess 136.
Thanks! Tracy & Emily
My guess is 137 what fun. Great stamps can't wait to see the next 7.
I'm guessing 152. Thanks for the chance to win!
My guess is 128. What a great contest.
OK My math said 135 but to mix it up I will say 137. Thanks for the chance for such a wonderful prize! :) Sue
I'm going to guess...
123
Sheesh alot of pressure first thing in the morning! LOL
Can't wait to see the new stamps!!!
I'm guessing 147. Hope I win!
Oh, the suspense.......
smiles
ahh.. hopefully the answer is.. 137!
My guess is 130~! (thanks for allowing me to play *Hugs, CJones)
Shhhh ... don't tell anyone, its 142!
i am going with 136.
What a great contest; just luv your stamps! So, my quess is..142. 7 new sets coming out...WOW I will be in heaven.
I'm guessing 139! Can hardly wait to see the new stamps!
I think the stamp count will be 113
Fun!! I'm guessing 138 stamps.
My guess is 134!! What a great contest! I hope I win me some Wendy stamps and the other awesome stuff too!! Thanks! Betsy
I guess 132. Happy day everyone and good luck!
Love the contest! Love the prize! I so enjoyed meeting you in Buffalo, NY. My stamp count is 137.
Just love your stamps and what a pleasure meeting you in Buffalo. My guess is 146!!
My guess 133 stamps
Can't wait to see the new stamps. My guess is 125.
Fun! I am going to guess 133! Linda H
My guess is 126:)
This was fun! My guess is 133 :)
My guess is 164! And now we have to wait until July to see the new sets! Well, you did say there would be a sneak preview, right????
My guess is: 132 gorgeous stamps!
My guess is 147 stamps.
She's countin it once and countin it twice... My guess is 139... We'll see how good my counting, averaging and guess really is....
my guess is 127...can't wait to see & own them all
I lost count. . . oh I am thinking 147
Ohhh...I'm thinkin' 133 stamps total. Now I'm crossin' my fingers!
I hope it will be 141
I chose 134. I can't wait to see the new ones!
Shelley Socha
Oh, man! I've been out of town AND sick, so it's wild guess time! (Or do I get the pity vote? *lol*)
My guess is 142.
*fingers crossed*
My guess is 125!!!
I'm guessing 147. Thanks!
Michelle D. Oregon
My guess is 179
I guess that I can dream of winning with a guess of 138. Thanks for a fun contest.
I was going to copy Tim's guess, but decided to go with my own calculated guess of 138! Good luck, everyone!
I'm guessing 137.
debbi g
ummmm...105?
I'm guessing 138. This is fun. :o)At Video Domain, we are passionate about being fit, healthy and holistically happy - that's why we love working in this space.
Do you have a ton of footage already? Let our network of editors give new life to your vision, and really get the most out of your footage for your business.
Our video production services can include changing the speed, messaging or even re-size the entire video to work better as a Facebook or Instagram ad, or turn it into an Instagram story or YouTube pre-roll ad.
"Whether it's Hype Reels for your gym, or Explainer Videos for your next Challenge"
If you’ve already got the footage, send it in and our video production services can turn it into something new.
From a quick meeting we’ll understand your needs and ideas, and will be able to tailor your footage to a suit a specific type of ad, or turn it into a specific type of video – we are ready to go!
Save precious budget by shooting your own footage. Our editors can take your shots and turn them into professional videos, ready for upload. If you wish to shoot your own footage, be sure to talk to one of our expert producers and we can steer you in the right direction, giving you the right advice to make sure you shoot everything the best you can.
Check out our blog on how to shoot professional looking video with your smartphone here.
Back to simple search | Back to advanced search
You searched for:
Record ID: MAS-D100231
Object type: BOTTLE
Broad period: POST MEDIEVAL
County: Kent
Workflow stage: Published
Brown ceramic bottle with a glazed surface. It was intended to contain gin of Dutch origin. The bottle measures 310 mm long and has a diameter of 85 mm with a ring type handle on the neck of the bottle. The bottle is printed with the phrase 'WYNAND FOCKINK' 'AMSTERDAM'. In Amsterdam, Wynand Focknik has been making distinctive hand-crafted liqueurs and jenevers (Dutch gin) since 1679 (Greenberg 2012). In the 17th century, when the Dutch East Indiaman ships brought herbs, spices and sugar to Amsterdam, distillers started distilling liqueurs on a large scale. The city had become very pro…
Created on: Tuesday 2nd October 2018
Last updated: Wednesday 8th April 2020
Spatial data recorded.
Records per page: 10 20 40 100
Sort your search by:
Which direction?
Total results available: 1
Search server index: objects
You are viewing records: 1 - 1.
1 - 1 of 1 records.A Useful Content Experience: What Marketing Should Be
By Robert Kittleberger
It’s no surprise that businesses handle advertising and marketing much differently today than they did a few years ago. But that’s not just because they have new and different technology options, it’s because consumers demand it. They demand a useful content experience.
When the Internet provided us with search engines and social sharing, it gave consumers a new way to find products and connect with businesses; it created a new standard for what it takes to get them to make a purchase. In short, it’s not just about a good advertising pitch anymore.
Ads don’t work like they used to. In the eyes of today’s shopper, a catchy ad or even a well-crafted marketing scheme is not enough to make the sale.
So what is enough? What does the consumer want?
Content and Information
Modern digital media is so flexible, personal and fast, it’s created a standard that makes conventional businesses invisible. Simply providing a product or service isn’t enough to win trust amongst the general population online.
In order for the consumer to trust a company, they need to be provided with facts, insights and help surrounding the problem they want to solve. Information about the item or service they may want to purchase is secondary. Their experience comes first.
Brands need to help solve a problem and fulfill a need before a sale (or even a sales pitch) can ever be made. That’s the essence of a great content experience, and it’s why I chose the image for this article. Even though Peter Morville’s User Experience Honeycomb is more about design than content, it’s a perfectly apt way to illustrate the idea.
A well-written and helpful piece of content is now considered to be a far more effective sales pitch than anything else. According to the Content Marketing Institute, 90% of consumers find such content useful, while 78% believe that it indicates the company providing it is interested in establishing a positive relationship with them.
There are two primary reasons for this:
- 1) The consumer’s frame of mind.
- 2) A desire for a more genuine sales experience.
Let’s talk a little bit about both points.
The Consumer’s Frame of Mind
Think about the frame of mind you’re in when you’re watching television and a commercial comes on.
Now is it really honest if we consider that commercial to be the optimal way of getting our attention? They have our eyeballs, but do they have our attention? Furthermore, are we even in a frame of mind where we’d be willing to hear any kind of sales pitch? The answer in both cases should be an obvious no.
When you’re sitting on the couch watching the game or a re-run of The Office, you aren’t thinking about purchasing things, except maybe if you’re hungry and it’s halftime. Your goal in that moment is simply to be entertained.
Ads tend to postpone that entertainment and thereby frustrate our efforts, they get in the way and detract form the experience.
It may actually be the worst time to try and get you to purchase something because you just don’t care at that point. Ad-based marketing is interruptive by nature, and therefore gets in the way of your other objectives. And ads pushed through broadcast media are anything but relevant. They are delivered to such a wide audience, how can they be? Even online, when ads are more relevant to the content on the page, they still tend to represent a departure, if not an outright interruption from your intended focus.
Compare that with your frame of mind when you’re searching for something on Google. Let’s say for example, modular homes.
Why would you be searching for modular homes? The answer is one or more of the following:
You are…
- -Looking for information about modular homes.
- -Curious about this segment of the housing market or construction.
- -Looking for a consultation regarding the possible purchase or construction of a modular home.
- -Interested in purchasing a modular home.
You can see right away that a company who sells modular homes through an online website has a tremendous opportunity here.
First, your frame of mind when searching for this keyword is completely bent upon finding something that provides help and information concerning this topic.
One might say you’re in a “buying mood.” Whether that’s the case, it doesn’t much matter. The content you seek is the main attraction, not the interruption.
You don’t really want to see a banner ad, right? You don’t want to see “Click here for awesome deals on modular homes.” That might be helpful, but why would you trust it when there is deeper, more informative content one more click away?
What you really want is more likely going to be information and some free consulting. As a consumer, you’re happy to read branded content, so long as it’s useful branded content.
As a business, if you provide that information and consulting, the content experience consumers want, then you’re playing right into the frame of mind of a prospective buyer. Furthermore, 68% of consumers actually spend time reading content from brands they’re interested in, which means they’re actually pursuing information from that company, independently of an ad.
When you become the source of that information and that help, there’s an immediate trust that is formed between you and the prospective buyer. That trust makes an actual sale far more likely to occur. And just as importantly, that content is far more likely to find it’s way in front of a qualified prospect in the first place.
When your content is the main attraction, consumers search for it and engage with it on purpose, not because it happened to get in their way.
A Genuine Sales Experience
As a provider of products or services, you’re not only selling a product, but you’re also selling an experience.
A genuine attempt to help somebody by providing them with information and solving as many of their problems as you can for free is the optimal sales experience that people are looking for. There is no longer an advantage to walling off information or working consumers through a tightly-defined sales funnel. People just don’t stand for that anymore. They have too many options.
Consumers are empowered with information whether you’re the one to provide it or not. Be the company that delivers it and you’re going to have a much easier time getting traffic and leads to your website with a high chance of converting those leads into actual sales.
How exactly is all this content provided to your target audience?
Delivering Content
Without question, the most useful and widely accepted method of getting this type of content to interested and motivated people is by way of text, graphics or video on a webpage.
At a practical level, this usually shows up in the form of articles and informational write-ups or how-to’s that are published as blog posts or content sections within the body of a web page. Statistically, companies that keep active blogs bring in 97% more leads than those who don’t. And ones that provide a multimedia experience with images, graphics and video fare even better.
As a result, many businesses who already have a website have added a blog to their site for this specific purpose, since multiple blog posts are the most optimal way to provide indexed (search engine accessible) content.
Guest posting on other related websites, cross-posting to social media accounts like Facebook and Google+, and even publishing paid sponsored posts on other blogs contribute to the consumer’s content experience, and expand your online footprint, making your content, and therefore your company, easier to find.
It might seem complicated at first but if you peel back the layers, the formula is simple and it works. Just start answering the questions your target consumers have. Over time, you’ll create an informative library that continues to pay dividends as more and more consumers locate your information and engage with it.
A Better Approach
The bottom line is that content marketing works, because it caters to the consumer in ways that traditional advertising cannot. And it does so in a sustainable manner, with long-lasting content assets that get published online and stay there, unlike ads which run only as long as you pay for them.
That’s not to say that television ads and other forms of more conventional advertising don’t work or are irrelevant, but they’re definitely in the process of changing. That change is happening online as the consumer’s investigative process merges with useful branded content.
If you can tailor your marketing efforts to focus on producing the content experience your target customers want and need, rather than simply messaging, ads and promotion, you’ll be far more successful when it comes to reaching your ultimate goal of traffic, leads and sales.
Robert Kittleberger is a freelance writer, contributor to Content Blvd and the editor of Guitar Chalk and Guitar Bargain.Hi, Drift Max City Game Player’s If you are looking to download Latest Drift Max City Mod Apk v2.90 (Unlimited Money, Unlocked, No Ads) then congratulations you have come to the right page. On this page, we will know what the Specialty of Drift Max City Android Game and its Mod Version Apk will provide you one Click Fastest CDN Drive Link to download, so you can easily download Android Apk.
What’s the Specialty of Drift Max City Mod Apk Game
Race through realistic asphalt tracks with high performance new cars in this awesome car driving game. Download the best FREE drift racing game ever to feel the joy of racing in the city!
Hurry through asphalt paths together with operation cars within this auto. Down load, the optimal/optimally ramble racing sport to have that the delights of rushing into the city! Attributes – pragmatic 3D pictures. – 14 A-Mazing float automobiles. –
Automobile modification and customization: Paint your automobile using 25 distinct colors. Personalize your system having a range of rim alterations and stickers. – seven excellent racing paths: Down Town (Day & nighttime ), structure blog, Nokamo (Day & nighttime ), roller-coaster, and reward Stunt monitor. – cutting-edge vehicle management the system using tilt or touch steering selections including hand-brake. –
Distinct digital camera angles. The new in-car cam that is racing.
At cockpit opinion, catch the wheel and begin drifting. -“Edge Drift”: demonstrate your wandering abilities by forcing near into the partitions and then also bring in significantly much more coins. – Coin strategy: Make Cash from simply earning float things, advantage drifting, or bringing in some time incentive in the match.
Leader-board: To each course, contend with your buddies and different users on the planet and attain the most notable. –
Thorough excellent preferences. Should you enjoy racing matches, Tokyo ramble, and gymkhana drift, just continue on wandering for this wonderful vehicle ramble video game! Drift Max town may be your king of all both wandering king and games of forcing using float setting!!!! in-vehicle or truck matches Maintain on wandering into 2018!
Drift Max metropolis can be really just actually a 3D racing game in which your aim is perhaps never to function as the fastest, but instead to have the very finest and greatest multitude of drifts prior to crossing the final line.
However, you can not spend an excessive amount of time as you will begin to drop things in case you cover the period limitation wandering. The overall game provides a number of controller approaches that you also are able to steer clear together with your final’s touchscreen (leaning your apparatus out from your side ) or even just by employing the Zoom buttons onto the monitor.
Download Drift Max City Mod Apk Latest Version
Drift Max City Mod Unlimited Money sit at the speediest cars and hurry during the huge cities, select your vehicle, and attempt to overtake all contests in your path. The game offers images and physics that is well-implemented, which isn’t too different in the current. In addition to dozens of automobiles, their features alter and can enhance. Fight for the best to be the riders Max City.
They react well to their own activities and are really liquid. From Drift Max metropolis you possess six distinct vehicles and trucks to pick from (one will soon be unlocked in first ) which you are able to fool out yet you want.
You may alter the coloring of this painting endeavor, insert vinyl and customize the brakes, etc.. Additionally, as it is time for you to race, then you may pick from five distinct circuits (just one has been unlocked in the very start ). Drift Max metropolis is a rather entertaining driving match that whose chief advantage is that your elegant control system which reacts absolutely. The images, whilst maybe perhaps not realizing the collection with matches with the genre of the game, are notable.
Drift Max City Car Racing in City Mod Apk Unlimited Money Features
Get the best ramble racing game to sense that the joy of rushing in town! – 14. – Automobile modification and customization: Paint your car using 25 distinct colors. Customize your system with a number of rim alterations and stickers. – auto control system for example handbrake both using touch or tilt steering choices.
camera angles. New in automobile camera that is racing. In the cockpit perspective, grab the wheel and get started drifting. -“Edge Drift”: Show your wandering abilities by forcing near the walls and make additional coins.
Coin method coins by creating float points, advantage making, or drifting time bonus. – Leaderboard: Compete with other customers and with your buddies and get to the top, To every monitor. – Detailed superior settings. Just continue on wandering with this automobile ramble game if you enjoy drifting Tokyo ramble, games, and gymkhana drift!
Drift Max City is your king of wandering king and games of forcing using drift setting!!!! in auto games On drifting into 2018 Continue! Follow us
Amazing New Features Of Drift Max City Mod Apk
– the cockpit view, grab the steering wheel and start drifting.
– .
Just continue on wandering with this automobile ramble game if you enjoy drifting Tokyo ramble, games, and gymkhana drift! Drift Max City is your king of wandering king and games of forcing using drift air!!!! in auto games
Provided Mod Apk Features
- Unlimited Money
- Unlocked
- No Ads
Download Drift Max City Mod Apk (Unlimited Money, Unlocked, No Ads)
Pro Tips -:
If you are having any problems installing Game or Downloading Game File then you can ask us in the Comment Box. We will help you as soon as possible. Thanx for downloading and keep visiting on Getmodsapk.com.Every client who has followed the Our Sales Coach process has exceeded their goals and gotten over 250% ROI and you can too!
Downloads
Need to hire a top sales producer?
Free ebook on how to hiring a rockstar for your sales team.
Spending too much time developing leads?
Free ebook on how to developing a marketing plan.
What are your key performance indicators?
Free ebook on tracking your rockstar’s sales progress.
Need a better prospecting system?
Free eBook on developing a prospecting plan.
Are you struggling with sales?
Free assessment of your sales ability.
Is mediocracy robbing you of profits?
Read an excerpt from our new book.DiamAndes de Uco, Malbec-Cabernet Grande Reserve 2015
Print Tasting Notes for a Shelf Talker
Note: If not seeing the star ratings when printing, turn on print backgounds in your printer settings.
DiamAndes
Fanciful Name: Diamandes De Uco Grande Reserve
Varietal: Malbec Blend
Vintage: 2015
Country of Origin: Argentina
Appellation: Valle de Uco
Retail Price: $34.99
Tasting Notes: The vineyards providing the grapes for this 75% malbec/25% cabernet sauvignon blend are three-quarters of a mile above sea level, keeping the wine's acidity in balance with its other components. Brilliant dark ruby, with plenty of red berry and cherry fruit, accented by spice and vanilla notes. Very nicely balanced, with good weight, texture and structure.
The District of Columbia is fighting the battle that many other areas of the United States are fighting, and no, we don’t mean the one overseas. They are fighting the payday lending battle.
Sometimes people need more long-term financial help than a payday loan offers. Are you one of those people? No problem. In addition to our payday loan services, we are pleased to offer a variety of other loan programs, including credit cards, personal loans, debt consolidation, and credit counseling classes.
Under the D.C. Payday Loan Consumer Protection Act of 2007, which became effective on November 24, 2007, high-interest loans based on the holding of a check are no longer authorized. Personal loans are subject to the usury cap in the District of Columbia which is 24% (as of May 2008). Companies that offer payday loans to District of Columbia residents are subject to these laws.
According to the United States Department of Labor: The unemployment rate in the District of Columbia was 5.4 as of January 2006. This is a considerable drop from January 2005’s 7.0. Unemployment rates have been fairly rocky over the past ten years in the District of Columbia; they have ranged from 4.8 to 9.0.
As of January 2006 there were 15,810 unemployed people in the District of Columbia.*Advances in geospatial technologies have led to a significant increase in the role of geospatial data across sectors such as agriculture, aviation, energy, utilities, hydrology, smart cities, government, health and others. As more geospatial data has been collected and analysed to support these sectors, so has the need increased to enable efficient and effective sharing of geospatial data. International standards are a key enabler of such efficient and effective sharing of data. The aim of this workshop is to examine the growth of geospatial data sources and the international standards that enable these sources to be leveraged by data scientists. The workshop will also explore what geospatial standardisation in Machine Learning, Cloud Computing, Discrete Global Grid Systems, Linked Data and other areas will mean for Data Science.
The workshop is being organised in collaboration with the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) - an international industry consortium of over 520 companies, government agencies and universities participating in a consensus process to develop publicly available geospatial interface standards. Attendees of this workshop will hear about Geospatial Standards for Data Science and also about the role such standards play within the Defence context.Ugolini Framed Natural Stone Mosaic of a bird on a branch. This unique mosaic is small, simple, but detailed and attractive! There are a couple of usual internal cracks in the green stone. The entire mosaic is freshly polished and with a couple of very light blemishes. The frame is all intact but with a couple of chips on the outside.
The entire frame measures 4.5" by 5.5" and the mosaic measures 2.5" by 3.75" approx. Please see the photos; let me know if you have any questions! Be sure to examine all photos to determine condition; all items are genuine unless described otherwise. UGOLINI FRAMED NATURAL STONE MOSAIC FLORENCE ITALY BIRD UNIQUE" is in sale since Monday, June 14, 2021. This item is in the category "Collectibles\Decorative Collectibles\Plaques & Signs".
The seller is "mfc_gold" and is located in Greenville, Ohio. This item can be shipped worldwide.We do this because on the eve of our first Xmas together, some twenty years ago, it transpired that my wife had no plans to enjoy the traditional feast the next day and we ended up dining on sandwiches.
This was the first and last time that we did this. We have an unwritten agreement that this is the one day where we will have a slap-up buffet, even though neither of us actually follow the religious observances of the festival.
For the past decade in New Zealand we did our utmost to escape the deathly sloth of the season as most of the shops and services came to a grinding halt. We usually flew "Across the Ditch" (as the trans-Tasman flight is affectionately known) and alternated our destinations between Melbourne, Sydney, Brisbane and on one solitary occasion, Adelaide.
This being our first Xmas in Singapore we opted to explore the buffet options in the local hotels and happened upon a splendid spread at Le Meridien, reasonably priced at $35 plus, plus.
"Plus, Plus" is used to describe the two taxes that are added to your bill. The first being GST and the second, a tourism tax.
Today's menu included a combination of East and West with such delicacies as Goose with Chinese pears, turkey with all the trimmings and other 'weight watchers delights'. All beautifully prepared and we shall return next year for more of the same.
Post-lunch we went for a jaunt down Orchard Road as there was meant to be entertainment. Lots of Filipino maids enjoying their day off and not much else to see except a brace of "Chinese Josephs" and one oversized "Herod". I should add that to be photographed with one of the aforementioned 'Josephs' cost one a donation of $5 - for charity of course.
Other events of interest today: Arnold Schwarzenegger broke his leg and a childhood comic hero of mine, Charlie Drake, died.Report Outline
Korean armistice and east-west trade
Control of Exports to Communist Nations
Controversies Over Trade with Red China
Foreign Interest in East-West Trade
Korean armistice and east-west trade
One wholesome result of a general settlement between the nations of the free world and the Soviet Union, whether achieved by a Big Four conference or by a step-by-step process of accommodation, would be resumption on an expanding scale of trade between the East and the West. An “honorable armistice in Korea” was the first of the deeds for peace asked by President Eisenhower in his Apr. 16 address on foreign policy. If an honorable armistice is now achieved, the next step will be to undertake negotiation of a basic agreement on Korea, and perhaps other Far Eastern questions, at a political conference scheduled to convene 90 days after the cease-fire.
Whether or not included on the formal agenda of the conference, trade policy toward Red China is virtually certain to be brought up in the course of the parley. What induced the Communists, in the truce negotiations, to make the considerable concession involved in abandonment of their demands for forced repatriation of prisoners of war is not known. But if growing economic stringency resulting from the embargoes that have been applied against mainland China played an influential part, as may have been the ease, it stands to reason that Communist negotiators in the political conference will put up a strong fight for removal or substantial modification of existing restrictions on trade with China.
Inasmuch as the U.N. embargo on shipments of arms and strategic materials was invoked as a direct penalty for Chinese aggression and defiance of the United Nations in Korea, its termination might logically follow cessation of the aggression and conclusion of a Korean settlement. The same could be said of the embargo independently imposed by the United States to the extent that it is a total rather than a limited embargo.
Subject
Provide Feedback
Suggest a topic here.
Take our survey to help us improve CQ Researcher!The MyPod is a portable media player designed and marketed by Mapple.
Lisa walked into a Mapple Store, started browsing the shelves, and fell in love with all the items, including a myPod, but couldn't afford one. However, Krusty the Clown was also in the store with a myPod that he had gotten in a gift basket. Krusty thought the myPod was useless for watching movies because of the small screen and he didn't care for the selection of music available for download. Disgusted with the myPod, Krusty gave it to Lisa.[1]
Dick Cheney owns a myPod which is full of music by Lee Greenwood.[2]
Bart and Milhouse once vandalized a myPod advertising poster, defacing it by putting "stink lines" around the dancer's behind and changing the slogan to read "Stink different".[3]
The myPod is a parody of the iPod which is made by Apple.
Bart and Milhouse deface a MyPod wall ad.
Lisa dancing with her MyPod.Understanding glaucoma
January is National Glaucoma Awareness month.
It’s local, it’s live, it’s Mass Appeal! This hour-long lifestyle program airs Monday through Friday at 11 a.m.
Advertisement
January is National Glaucoma Awareness month.
This February vacation, the animals from the ‘Zoo in Forest Park’ can come to you!
It’s national Irish Coffee Day and we’re celebrating!
One of the easiest ways to cut down on your energy bill is by making the switch to energy-efficient lighting. Marin Goldstein and Amanda Jac…
This Sunday, dozens of women will compete for the crown and the title of Miss Universe! Miss Universe 2013 Gabriela Isler, Miss USA Nia Sanc…
Meet Mass Appeal’s pet of the week!
Now’s your chance to nominate someone you feel went “above and beyond” to serve their community for this year’s Hospitality Excellence Award…
Hand pies are easy to make, forgiving and rustic and delicious!
We’re taking a tour of herbs through the alphabet .
Slow cookers are a busy family’s best tool in the kitchen when it comes to making dinner, but you can also use it for sides and desserts! Fo…
Can employers review a job applicant’s criminal records?U.S. begins airstrikes in Iraq amid genocide fears
For the first time since 2011, two rounds of U.S. airstrikes hit ISIS artillery targets Friday in northern Iraq, and the White House asserted there would be no heightened U.S. military assistance in Baghdad before the formation of an "inclusive" governement unified the country.
In the first bout of strikes, two F/A-18 jets dropped 500-pound bombs on ISIS artillery units outside Irbil. An anoymous U.S. official told the AP a second round of targets were hit late Friday using four Navy F/A-18 fighter jets and and an unmanned aircraft, destroying mortar and a 7-vehicle convoy.
President Obama announced Thursday he had authorized the use of limited airstrikes in Iraq to prevent a feared genocide of Iraq's minority sects by ISIS militants and to protect American personnel working in the country. The decision came after deadly advancements by ISIS militants, who are within "half-hour's drive" of Irbil — the Kurdish capital and home of U.S.'s main oil hub, consolate and military training site in northern Iraq.
In the last few weeks, militants have overwhelmed Kurdish troops and driven out religious minorities with an ultimatum to convert to Islam, pay a religious tax or face execution. Most recently, fighters drove out members of Iraq's Yazidi sect from their homes in northern Iraq and surrounded the Sinjar mountains where they took refuge.
Before executing the airstrikes on ISIS targets, a U.S. airdrop delivered water and food supplies to the trapped Yazidis. A second, larger round of humanitarian deliveries was carried out Saturday in the same area.
While current airstrikes aim to avoid ISIS advancement and the demolition of Iraq's minority sects, White House spokesperson Josh Earnest told Reuters the U.S. had no intention of sending troops to Iraq or to have a lengthy military operation in the country.
The White House also called on Kurdish and Iraqi forces to unify in driving militants from the country. Some believe the call for country unity suggests U.S. doubt about whether Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki should remain in office if the country is to reach longer-term peace.
In Washington, concerns were also raised about whether the limited military action in Irbil would really be an effective means to change the power balance between Iraqi and Kurdish forces and ISIS militants.
In response to the airstrikes, militants have called for heightened aggression toward the U.S. on online jihadi forums and asserted that attacks on their shelling artillery would not slow their advances. One militant said the U.S. had "attack[ed] positions they think are strategic," but that it was ineffectual as ISIS fighters were "trained for guerrilla street war.” Later Fridy, an Iraqi official told the AP more than 100 Yazidi women were seized by militants and taken hostage inside Mosul schools.
In the Kurdish capital, news of the U.S. airstrikes was met with immense relief. The AP reported hundreds of displaced men lined the streets of the city's Christian neighborhoods after the annnouncement and expressed support for U.S. military aid to rid the country of crushing militant control.
Since June, ISIS fighters have stormed through Iraq and past Iraqi military operations to stall them. Amid new U.S. involvement, White House spokesperson Earnest said Kurdish forces showed more promise in the fight against the militants.
But the ISIS threat is not easy to take on. Speaking with the AP, Kurdish Capt. Ziyran Mahmoud said militants detonated suicide belt bombs upon Kurdish troop advancement, killing both Kurds and ISIS fighters in a single blast.
"They are ready to blow themselves up and die," he said to the AP. "But the peshmerga aren't afraid. We are also ready to die for our homeland."Preparing for virtual danger is what video gamers do best. But they may not be ready for this real-world health hazard: too much playing time.
The World Health Organization has revised its disease manual. WHO specialists now consider compulsive video game playing a mental health condition. They say classifying “gaming disorder” as a condition will help families and health care workers be more watchful and ready to identify the risks of gaming.
Most experts admit cases of gaming disorder are rare—with no more than 3% of gamers affected. But the conclusion confirms the fears of some parents of avid young gamers.
God graciously gives us all things to enjoy. (1 Timothy 6:17) He even gives cravings! From the beginning, Adam and Eve craved food and beauty and fellowship. (Genesis 2:9, 18) But when cravings—“the desires of the flesh and the desires of the eyes and pride of life”—overtake the craving for God, they are wrong. (1 John 2:15-16)
Some people welcome the gaming disorder label. They say identifying addicts quickly is important because compulsive gamers are usually young people—those who often don’t seek help themselves.
Others worry the label may brand too many gamers. “People need to understand this doesn’t mean every child who spends hours in their room playing games is an addict,” says Dr. Joan Harvey of the British Psychological Society.
Dr. Mark Griffiths has researched gaming disorder for 30 years. He says most people play video games for entertainment. “You have these short, obsessive bursts and yes, people are playing a lot,” he says, “But it’s not an addiction.”
Griffiths believes many compulsive gamers probably have other problems—like autism or depression. Those problems feed their playing too much.
The American Psychiatric Association knows gaming is a problem. APA studies show that playing video games triggers something in some people’s brains “in the same . . . way that a drug addict’s brain is affected by a particular substance.” Still, the association believes doctors need more research before calling compulsive gaming a disorder.
What are symptoms of a gaming problem? Here’s a partial list:
—Anger, nervousness, or sorrow when gaming is taken away
—Needing to spend more time gaming
—Failed attempts to quit
—Disinterest in previously enjoyed activities
—Lying about time spent gaming
—Using gaming to feel better
—Risking jobs or friendships because of gaming
The dangers of excess are clear. Too much of a good thing—food, sleep, exercise, or video games—is just that: too much.
The prudent sees danger and hides himself, but the simple go on and suffer for it. — Proverbs 22:3
99 More to go till 500 :)
99 More to go till 500 :) Thanks everyone, I was just about ready to cry when no one was posting:) JK:)
@ Alyssa S
I like to read, draw, play with my gerbils, and write books for my siblings.
404th comment!
Also, I like to crochet and hand-sew.
@ JULIA V
Me to!!! I love to crochet
@ Julia V.
That's neat! what kind of gerbil do you have and what is it's name? I'm not into crocheting much at all:)
A.R.
I like reading and writing books as well.
Gerbils
I have two gerbils, named Fred and George. There aren't any different "types" of gerbils, like hamsters, but they come in lots of different colors. Fred is tan and George is brown with black on the tip of his tail. They are so fun to watch!
Fishkeeping
I am into the fishkeeping hobby, although I mostly just read about fish. Not much room for more fish, I have a 10 gallon tank with a really large goldfish (maybe around 6 in including the tail?) and two catfish (they are small, like 1 in : )
@ Julia V - Did you name your gerbils after Fred and George in Harry Potter?
Oh and also, I like reading
Oh and also, I like reading (if the book is good:) Do you all have to read a bunch for school work? I usually like most of my school books, although some I don't really care for, so I take longer reading them...
Wow!
I don't like VG anyways!
Reading
I really love reading though!
15 Mins
If I ever do play VG I only play for like 15 minutes at a time.
Anna C.
I am home schooled and my mom does like for us to read but she doesn't even have to tell me because I read a lot anyway! The Maze Runner series is my current favorite!
Me and my brothers and sister
Me and my brothers and sister are allowed 30 minutes on weekdays and an hour on weekends but I never end up playing that long.
wow
I almost never play video games.
500
66
We hardly ever play VG either
We hardly ever play VG either. I LOVE reading, especially in the wintertime in front of the stove with a cup of hot chocolate:) Of course, that doesn't happen all the time because of school and all:) Is anyone else homeschooled?
500
600
419th Comment!!!!!!!!!
419th Comment!!!!!!!!!
ME
I am
421th commet
yay! almost at 500
Ooops…. I mean 420th comment:
Ooops…. I mean 420th comment:) Well, 421st Comment now:D
Boring
I have never played video games
424th comment!!!!!!!
Oh dear. Logan, you are mixing my numbers up!!
Thats a lot of comments
Wow!
I'm going to not post the
I'm going to not post the number of comments from now on if I know someone else is commenting at the same time!!!!!!!!:D
Goodnight, everyone.... I'm
Goodnight, everyone.... I'm tired:D
Why not to play video games!…
430th comment
Yay!
Woah
Woah that is possibly the longest comment I have ever seen! Good points there.
I agree with most of them. I feel like some is ok, just not for hours on end. We get to either tv or play our Wii U, which we can have 30 minutes on.
As for the cost part, if you get stuff used it is a whole lot cheaper. We have a Wii and a Wii U (Wii is not hooked up right now), and we haven't bought anything new for it, all used, including consoles.
Now about what we get out of it, we really don't get much, but do we get anything out of playing board and card games? (Besides spending time with people, which you can do with a console if you play with like your siblings or something.)
These are just my opinions☺. Great comment!
@Alyssa S
I am homeschooled too. I think A lot of us are. I have been homeschooled all my life (even in preschool). Also when this article reaches 500 comments I think we should work on another article. We should take a vote. I vote for...
Wat about the 2020 election
Wat about the 2020 election articul.
If Were gona reach 500
If Were gona reach 500 comments then we have to find somhing good to talk about.
Mabey... who is homschoold?
And...
What dose your scedual look like?
Question?
What dose XD mean?:-\
Eneyone play chess??
Eneyone play chess??
437th
wow. 437 comments
Gaming is OK
Playing video games is fine in small amounts of time.
Reach 500 comments!!!!!!
We need to reach 500 comments!
Homeschooled
I'm homeschooled too and get to play and hour of video games at most.
Keep talking till 500th comment
Does anyone know any good gaming jokes?
I got a joke
Oh! I got one, what does a gamer use to unlock the door?
A key-board. Was that a good one?
AAA?
I don't get it? Mabey its beaus I don't play vidio games:-)
I play piano.
I got another joke.
Why was the gamer's pet cat going crazy? Because he was using his Mouse. Was that good?
...PS
I play piano,chess and read all the time. I'm going to a chess club at 1:00. My brothers play soccer ,chess and they are reading too.
We don't noun a single video game!:-)
Um, I like the secant one better.
Yes that whose better!
:-)
Much better
Nadia A
If you're typing on a computer to write that comment you're using a keyboard. Fine, you use the piano keys to unlock the door. :)
Oh and...
I like to play with my dog Lola I am petting her right now:-) I like to sew and croshett draw and walk outside. ( In spring of course)
450th comment
If only I had a dollar for each comment.
PagesHi, Overkill 3 Game Player’s If you are looking to download Latest Overkill 3 Mod Apk (v1.4.5) Free Shopping/Unlimited Money. then congratulations you have come to the right page. On this page, we will know what the Specialty of Overkill 3 Android Game and its Mod Version Apk will provide you one Click Fastest CDN Drive Link to download, so you can easily download Overkill 3 Android Action Game.
What’s the Specialty of Overkill 3 Mod Apk
Step into the action of Overkill 3’s audio-visual spectacle. Lead the resistance to victory over the evil faction forces and their brutal killing machines. Overkill 3 can be played offline.
New Co-Operative Multiplayer Mode
Ask your friend to play with you in the chat room or connect with new people. Team up and dominate the leaderboard together.
Features of the Game
Overkill 3 can not be called a complete shooter, but it is a fairly diverse shooting range. At least, it is worth noting the presence of a large number of different weapons.
New types of weapons are unlocked as you receive medals and rewards for a certain number of accurate headshots, killing a certain number of enemies using a delicate grenade, and more. In this case, the weapon can be comprehensively improved: increasing the combat stock, weakening recoil, reducing the time required to recharge.
In between battles, you can buy armor, grenades, accessories, and first aid kits. And directly in the game, you can shoot down enemy drones while flying to get extra bonuses.
Then you can download both the original game Overkill 3 (Overkill 3) on Android, and hack for money.
Co-op multiplayer includes
Daily tournaments with exclusive call signs for everyone and even better callsigns for winners!
Multiple Reward System – Unique Callsigns, Equipment, and even Overkill Medals (use them to buy the best guns available!)
Online profile to show your stats and achievements
Fast-paced multiplayer action with an in-game chat system
Lobby room with chat to find teammates, tease your enemies, and discuss strategy
New Endless Mode
Protect the generator for as long as possible. The generator dazzles your enemies with high-voltage lightning!
Welcome to the future. It is dark and dark. Always the oppressive faction wants everyone to follow and obey. They will stop at nothing. People are scared. Motivated. Those who fight back are outnumbered.
But never lose hope. People just need someone to show them the way. Will you stand up for humanity and fight for its future?
Unique Gun Customization with Tons of Gun Upgrades and Attachments
Arm yourself with a vast arsenal of fully customizable guns, from classic shotguns, assault rifles, sniper rifles, and machine guns to super-powered futuristic firearms.
Diverse and developed gameplay
Travel through ever-changing environments, from hostile deserts to abandoned cities and industrial complexes. Fight against loyal faction soldiers, heavy assault squads, and snipers. Use new tactics to win each battle.
console-quality graphics
Experience console quality straight on your device. Beautifully rendered worlds, incredibly detailed gun models, ragdoll physics, and special lighting effects are all part of the Overkill 3 experience.
Epic Boss Battles and Cinematics
As you get stronger and more dangerous, the faction will do anything in its power to stop you. Get ready to face terrifying robots and mechanical horrors straight out of your worst nightmare.
Third-person shooting with easy controls designed for mobile
Get comfortable with the easy-to-use controls designed for mobile and focus all your attention on the shooting.
state-of-the-art nano-suits
Get the protection every soldier deserves! Kickstart the Resistance’s armor research to protect yourself with a futuristic bulletproof nano-suit.
You’ll need to master the art of deadly accuracy to survive long enough and become the great resistance leader. Without it there would be no hero. There are only bones left in the sand. do you have what it takes? Or will you lose hope when you see your enemy’s face? You’ll never know until you try.
Provided Mod Apk Features
- Endless Money
- Medals, Stars, and Ammo
- No Reloading
- Unlocked all Cards and Levels
- Free Shopping
Download Overkill 3 Mod Apk (MOD, Free Shopping, Unlimited Money, Mega Mod)
Pro Tips -:
If you are having any problems installing a Game or Downloading Game File then you can ask us in the Comment Box. We will help you as soon as possible. Thanx for downloading and keep visiting on Getmodsapk.com.Very often, what a leading researcher does not only finds answers to the basic questions but also seeds the ensuing scientific enquiries. Under some circumstances, the seed may even take root on broader grounds to impact on the lives of the common folk. It is the manifold expertise of CUHK scholars that distinguishes CUHK as a comprehensive and vibrant research community.
School of Life Sciences
Tracking Spinocerebrellar Ataxias
School of Life Sciences
Marine life and water quality monitoring
Department of Computer Science and Engineering
Artificial neural network
Department of Translation
Computer-aided translation
School of Biomedical Sciences
Solving the mystery of congenital megacolon
Department of Sociology
Substance abuse and drug policy
Department of Computer Science and Engineering
Image deblurring software
Department of Orthopaedics and Traumatology
Chinese herbs to cure diabetic foot
Department of Psychology
Language and reading development in children
Department of Medicine and Therapeutics
Bring hope to stroke patients
Department of Mechanical and Automation Engineering
Microrobotic transporter inside the body
The Jockey Club School of Public Health and Primary Care
Automatic diagnosis for cerebral vessel conditions and stroke riskFull Service Media MarketingLots of Companies Say It. The Gators Actually Do It.
Media
Radio, TV, Print, PR -- We Got You
It’s not all about digital media. All advertising plays a role in your marketing. And, it’s with traditional media where we cut our teeth. When you work with The Gators, you’ll gain the advantage of the vast experience of our staff’s backgrounds selling and creating advertising for traditional television, terrestrial radio, print, outdoor, and even public relations.
Traditional media needs to be part of your marketing mix. Here’s just some of the ways we’ll support your strategy:
- Television
- Radio
- Outdoor Advertising
- Public Relations
- Reputation Management
Just don’t ask us to buy you an ad in the Yellow Pages.Online casinos are actually formally disallowed in Australia as of August 2017, althoughthe money being actually pushed into overseas gaming web sites still reaches effectively in to the 10s of millions of bucks eachyear. Online casino internet sites servicing Australia are currently licensed in position like Curacao and Costa Rica, a long way from the betting websites that utilized to service this country, whichincluded those ticked off due to the United Kingdom Gaming Commission as well as the Malta Gaming Authorization.
The upgraded Interactive Gaming Process addressed the gray region that was actually online wagering and made it prohibited to market online gambling establishments and also online poker items to new no deposit casino 2021 . This was what result in the drawback of a lot of the most significant betting drivers on the planet, featuring LeoVegas.com as well as Guts.com.
Gone are actually the times where you had to obtain dressed up and head out to a land located casino to attempt your good luck on the blackjack, live roulette or online poker desks, or toss a couple of dollars into the pokies. Online online casinos have ended up being common, permitting bettors to place genuine money bank on their much-loved desk, number, port and scratchie activities from the convenience of home – our team have actually delivered an overview of all you require to learn about playing at an online casino website. The relevant information beneathis intended as an overview only.
Are online gambling enterprises legal in Australia?
Online betting regulations in Australia are actually covered under the Involved Wagering Action 2001 (IGA). In 2017, changes to the IGA were actually passed in assemblage to shut existing way outs that enabled gamers to play at overseas casino websites. The IGA modifications have actually clarified it is unlawful for Aussies to play at an online casino site unless it is certified by a state or even region in Australia. Currently, there are actually no online casino web sites accredited to function in Australia. There are actually, nonetheless, a lot of online bookmakers whichapprove bank on Australian sporting activities and dashing activities.
There has actually been a huge pushback versus the IGA modification, particularly coming from texas hold’em gamers, top due to the australian online casino no deposit bonus. 2 of the huge disagreements are that online poker is an activity for millions of Australian and banning it, is unlawful. Another stream of consciousness is why ban online texas hold’em when it is actually still going on today. The Authorities may regulate and exhaust online wagering as well as in turn make it a muchsafer setting for Australians. A single thing is without a doubt, there is unexpected to become any sort of action on the online betting face withnot either Effort or even Liberal showing any enthusiasm in opening this can easily of earthworms back up, not in a vote-casting year in any case.
BettingSite. com.au abides by the neighborhood laws and also performs not advertise foreign true funds wagering items to Australians.
How to get started at an online casino
Thanks to the overview of instant-play, whichis where video games could be played straight over your Web internet browser without any downloads called for, accessing an online casino has actually never been actually easier. All you need to carry out is choose a safe online casino internet site that delivers what you’re seeking, enroll in an account, create a true money deposit as well as begin playing your much-loved video games using your desktop computer, notebook or cell phone.
If you’re unsure if online play is your favorite, online casino sites give the possibility of playing for free of cost virtual setting, so you can test casino websites and also their games without risk as well as no dedications.
Casino sign-up bonus offers
A major conveniences of playing on the World wide web is actually that online gambling establishments use sign-up incentives certainly not on call in a land-based casino. Invite benefits typically contain points like free of charge rotates on the pokies or a matched deposit bonus, whichis where the casino merchant increases or maybe triples the quantity of your first real funds deposit. The bonus gives vary between eachonline casino, thus shop around up until you locate one you as if.
In addition to sign-up bonuses, online casino sites supply all sort of various other rewards as well as coupons readily available specifically to enrolled players, consisting of commitment benefit plans, where you can easily gain points for every true money wager placed at the casino whichcan easily later on be actually reclaimed for cashmoney, bonuses and actual awards.
What casino games are actually accessible online?
Online gambling establishments use almost every casino video game you can possibly imagine, supplying a muchbigger range of video games and also variants than you would certainly ever before locate in a property located casino. The range is what attracts several gamers to Net casinos, as you have the flexibility to pick video games withfar better probabilities as well as more bonus functions. Online gambling enterprises also offer particular niche games special to the World wide web, therefore there is actually always one thing brand-new to become explored.
Casino games you will find when dipping into an online casino include:
- Online pokies
- Blackjack
- Roulette
- Poker
- Craps
- Baccarat
- Scratchies
- Keno
- Lotto
- Bingo
- Video Poker
The video game variety ranges eachonline casino site, so it will definitely pay for to look around and also try different casino web sites up until you find one that provides the kind of activities you’re looking for. Online casinos use the advantage of free play, whichimplies you can easily sample ready free of charge virtual setting to get an await of things or discover brand-new regulations without ever before having to give up any money. You may after that decide on to participate in ready actual loan wagers at any moment.
Live dealership casino video games
If you as if the tip of dipping into an online casino but are not as well keen on utilizing computerised RNG (arbitrary amount power generator) software application, or don’t want to lose the social aspects of playing in a land located casino, reside video games might be the answer for you. These are actually activities hosted by actual individual suppliers from real casino studios, whichhave been put together to duplicate high-end casino tables. Video games are actually streamed in real time utilizing real-time online video nourishes, so you can watchall the action unfurl and connect withthe dealership and other players as if you were sitting around the table coming from them, however along withcomprehensive anonymity responsible for your computer display screen. Dealerships are actually expertly trained and properly shown to give you an engaging as well as amusing wagering experience, and also video, camera and audio alternatives are actually totally customisable to fit your inclinations.
The leading online casino web sites use real-time dealer blackjack, baccarat, roulette, texas hold’em, funds wheel, keno, lotto and additional, along withPlayboy Rabbit reside dealer activities on call if you like your casino video games on the raunchy- Siecke & Schultz, Berlin
- German WWI poster
- Year: 1916
- Artist: Jupp Wiertz
The story of this poster
German propaganda/war industry / manufacturer poster from 1916 and the First World War.
Always at World War Era
- Printed at our own facility in Sweden
- Unique posters
- We ship with UPS - world wide!
- Printed on Hahnemühle 210 gram matte paper - for perfect result!A year ago last July, my friend Bridgette was dropping off her daughter to play at our neighbor's house. Kevin was in the front yard doing yard work and stopped & chatted with Bridgette (we all went to high school together and Claire is the same age as her oldest son) Bridgette was on her way to Napa for a Rodan + Fields trip that she won & Kevin told Bridgette that he was glad she was having so much fun with her business. Then he said to her "Mel should do that business"
Kevin came into the house later and told me I should look into Rodan + Fields. I rolled my eyes at him and said "Yeah right. I am not a sales person. I will never do direct sales. I will just keep buying the products from Bridgette"
Fast forward to the Fall and I kept seeing how much fun Bridgette was having and I was telling my friends they should buy R+F from her. After a couple conversations with Bridgette, she said I should really consider becoming a consultant. So, in November I signed on.
I was scared. And excited. And nervous.
So, here I am 8 months into this business and I got to go on that same Napa trip that Bridgette was on last July. It was an incentive trip from our team and I was one of the winners!
A free weekend in Napa! Pinch me!
Our day started off by getting pedicures & having mimosas.
There were 6 of us on this trip. 3 of the top leaders on the team who put on this trip & then the 3 of us from the team who won the trip.
Toes ready do head off to Napa!
Napa is one of the most beautiful places in California.
Our first stop was Frank Family for a picnic & wine tasting.
Loved these lights:
Next we headed to Pragers Winery for Port & Chocolate tasting.
It was my first time there and I loved it!
They have a bottle of port called "Sweet Claire".
We headed to Silverado Resort & Spa which is where we were staying until Monday.
It is breath taking there!
We had a little condo & for dinner we did Margaritas & Tacos. It was a blast.
The next morning we woke up to more presents. I got a Kate Spade bracelet. My first one ever!
Then we headed off for more Wine Tasting.
Our first stop was my favorite winery....Cakebread Cellars!
One of the girls on our team, Colleen, it was her birthday on Sunday, so we made her wear a birthday sash.
Me & Bridgette! So thankful for her friendship all these years and even more as a business partner.
Ahhhh.....Cakebread!
Do a cheers to celebrate ourselves & a fun weekend.
Final wine tasting stop of the day was Napa Valley Wine.
Then we headed back to Silverado for lunch & pool time.
Our leaders gave us these notecards & notebook to write down our goals.
Then we all got ready & headed out for dinner at Rutherford Grill!
They have fresh squeezed juices that they make their cocktails with. Squeeze the juice right there!
It was my first time there....delicious food!The grilled Artichokes are AMAZING.
One last group shot. Of course we had the doctors in the photo as a way to say thank you for an awesome weekend :)
We headed back on Monday morning, but before we left, they had another gift for us.
A coach bag!!!! Ahhh!!! I have never had a Coach bag before!!!
It was such an amazing weekend!
I am so thankful for the opportunity of Rodan + Fields.
It has been such a gift and this Napa weekend was just the icing on the cake.
If you are looking to earn some extra money each month in very part time flexible hours, then this might be the right fit for you!
No quota to sell each month, no inventory and no home parties.
Totally web based!
You don't need a blog to do well in this business (in fact, I am the only one on our team with a blog. I would say about 10% of my business is from the blog, so if you are a blog reader have purchased R+F products from me, Thank you for your support!)
The majority of my business is family & friends.
I tell everyone who is interested in R+F that if I can sell it, anyone can sell it. I had no sales experience before this!
I had no idea what I was doing.....I was just a mom of 3 kids & a teacher.
I had no sales experience whatsoever.
But I quickly realized that I didn't need sales experience because of 2 things.
1. The product has brand presence. It is from the creators of ProActiv & it comes with a 60 day empty botttle money back guarentee.
2. We get so much (free) training from our leaders & teams and it is a huge support system. It doesn't matter if you have never done sales, you will get awesome training.
If you are even slightly interested in joining our FUN team, I would love to chat with you about it! :)
One more thing to add about Napa!
When we were at Cakebread, the awesome girl who did our wine tasting tour told us that she makes Cabernet Brownies. I asked her for the recipe & this is what she said:
Take a box mix of Brownies. When is says add 1/4 cup of water, replace the water with Red Wine.
I made a batch on Tuesday night.
AMAZING.
I added some milk chocolate chips on top and in the mix to make them even more decadent..
OMG, my mom and I went to Napa a few years ago and it is one of my all time favorite vacations! I've heard of R+F, so cool that you were able to go on a FREE trip and all of those gifts are amazing! I'm a SAHM, so it might be something I consider at some point in time. Those brownies look so good, I'm gonna have to try those too!
wow, that is amazing! Totally different than when I sold Tupperware, lol :) I do want to talk to you about a face product so I will email you later today :)
Congratulations! That's quite an accomplishment. The trip looks like a blast!
What an amazing weekend! Congratulations. You sure know how to do Napa....I may join you next time you go 😊
So happy you got to go on this trip!! And even happier that you are loving your decision to sell R+F! Those brownies sound Ah-mazing! Will definitely be trying them out in the very near future. ;)
Hi Mel! What a FUN weekend!! Congrats! I should have thought more about getting in on this with you. Lol. Actually, I just applied for a job as an LA stylist with Stich Fix! Keep your fingers crossed for me. :)
Purchase Genuine Designer Handbags Online.$25.00
$0.00
Lavau Côtes du Rhône Rouge
Intense and juicy, this medium bodied red is perfect to enjoy on its own. If you want to team it with food, try grilled or roasted meats, tomato based pasta dishes and an array of cheeses. A delicious red from the famous Cotes du Rhone wine region.Welcome to the Hunt Energy Horizons website, where you will find information regarding many different aspects of our organization – what we do and where we operate; our mission, our core values and the latest company news concerning our corporate activities. You can also read about Hunt’s other operations throughout the world and our commitment to both the environment and the communities in which we operate.
Today, Hunt Energy Horizons is actively pursuing, evaluating and, where appropriate, developing profitable power generation opportunities beyond the area of hydrocarbon energy. We target markets with select attributes, and then apply Hunt's unique and proprietary advantages and experience to develop successful renewable energy projects in both the United States and abroad. an agile and innovative company dedicated to developing, building and operating profitable energy production businesses beyond Hunt's traditional oil and gas activities.
Clay Sell
PresidentHunt Energy HorizonsGreen and wood eyebrow threading and manicure kiosk for sale
Hello everyone! Glad to meet you here. Nowadays more and more starters likely to open a manicure kiosk in the shopping mall as it needs a low budget and bring a big profit. Are you going to open a manicure shop nowadays? Do you wants a unique kiosk decoration to attractive more customers? Here we have a nice design sharing with you. It suits for both eyebrow threading and manicure service. Maybe we can cooperate with our partner to catch more consumers.
When purchasing such a unique kiosk, there are some steps we need to concerned
- Make sure that you got the location in the shopping mall. Because we need a location for our business. All the business begin with a location, so customers can find you easily.
- Choose the best style for your manicure service kiosk. An attractive kiosk can not only for a support of business, but also a symbol of you brand character and culture.
- Find a supplier to make a 3D design drawing. From the drawing we can see every details and the layout. We can arrange the working place and rest area for customer. And we should fix all the details in the design and finally we know what’s our own kiosk looks like.
- The most important thing is to production the mall kiosk. As we all know the kiosk should last for a long time, nobody wants to update the counter frequently. So it’s very important to purchase high quality products with good service. Shenzhen Unique is a better choice for you. They provide customized kiosk service with good price. Whenever we have any doubts, they will give us a response soon.
3D designs
Description about the manicure kiosk
The whole kiosk including 2 ‘L’ shaped display counter, one is for manicure and the other is for eyebrow threading service. In the counter are waiting area for accompanies. The high stand is for your brand logo and TV scream. Do you like this mall kiosk design?
When you have your own design ideas, welcome to send inquiry and discuss with us. Thank you for readingMUS Transfer Core
Transferable General Education Curriculum
Cultural
Requirement: 3 semester credits
Cultural Diversity embraces differences in race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, class, disability status, language, national origin, and religion within and across peoples and nations. Understanding of the value of cultural diversity is fundamental to national and global citizenship and is therefore an essential foundation to the undergraduate and graduate curriculum, regardless of specific intellectual field or focus. While curricula should contain courses specifically addressing one or more dimensions of cultural diversity, cultural diversity content should also substantially suffuse curricula.
Cultural Diversity core courses will:
- facilitate an awareness of how historical events, institutionalized differences in power, and long-standing customs have shaped cultural diversity and thus contemporary political, social, and economic relations within and across peoples and nations;
- identify and discuss indicators of discrimination within and across specific institutions and groups and demonstrate how discriminatory practices and attitudes create barriers for some and opportunities for others;
- an appreciation of how cultural diversity affects the ways in which individuals and peoples perceive, understand, and live in the world.
Upon completion of the Cultural Diversity core, students will be able to:
- demonstrate an awareness of the centrality of cultural diversity to their own and other human societies;
- demonstrate an awareness of the negative impacts upon cultural diversity of economic, social, and other forms of institutional and interpersonal discrimination;
- demonstrate competence and effectiveness in interacting with culturally diverse people by understanding cross- and inter-cultural interaction and communication;
- demonstrate the ability to advocate for non-discriminatory policies and behaviors on their own behalf and on behalf of others, including peers, clients, and colleagues.LANGNEY VILLAGE HALL ASSOCIATION
Charity number: 1152969
Charity reporting is up to date (on time)
Activities - how the charity spends its money
To further or benefit the residents of Langney and the borough of Eastbourne by associating together the said residents and local authorities voluntary organisations in a common effort to advance education and provide facilities in the interests of social welfare for recreation leisure time occupation with the objectives of improving conditions of life for the residents
Income and expenditure
Data for financial year ending 30 September 2020
Total income: £31,500
Total expenditure: £60,785
Total income includes £10,000 from 1 government grant.CDC’s Committee Member Dr. Chen Should Be Removed Immediately Due to Conflict of Interest
Dr. Wilbur H. Chen wants you to know that he’s very upset (see comment’s section)!
He’s upset the peasants have access to email!
He’s upset the peasants have access to common sense and reason!
He’s upset the peasants actually read scientific studies for themselves!
And he’s very upset that the peasants are speaking to him without his express written permission!
Apparently, he’s also clairvoyant (like Santa) because he knows what you are writing before you even send it to him, so he has set up an auto-reply on his email account to let you know he’s very important, he gets lots of emails and he does not like “misinformation.”
Chen defines “misinformation” as anything that contradicts the Pharma narrative. Chen is adamant that nothing be allowed to pierce his protective Pharma information bubble.
I’m reminded of the phrase, “Methinks thou doth protest too much.”
What Chen is actually mad about is that he got caught with his hand in the cookie jar.
A search of the government website Open Payments reveals Chen accepted $437,250.70 from Emergent BioSolutions and GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) in 2020.
GSK among others.
GSK is also working on a COVID-19 vaccine that is now in Phase 3 clinical trials.
All of GSK’s products must go before the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP), that Chen sits on, in order to be approved.
Emergent BioSolutions is a contract manufacturer that makes vaccines for others including the Johnson & Johnson (J&J) COVID-19 vaccine that has been linked U.S. Food and Drug Administration shut down the plant and ordered J&J to take it over and run it themselves.
The FDA also ordered 75 million doses of COVID-19 vaccines manufactured at that plant be destroyed because of contamination. All of the vaccines manufactured at the Emergent BioSolutions plant must first be approved by the ACIP where Chen is a member.
This is completely unacceptable. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, there were 27,550 pediatricians employed in the U.S. There is absolutely no reason for the ACIP corruption all the more appalling.
Please contact the following four officials (as well your elected representatives) to let them know that you are troubled by Chen’s extensive financial conflicts of interest and please ask that he be removed from the ACIP before it meets on Tuesday, Nov. 2.
Dr. and, Advisory Committee on Immunizations Practices
Center for Academic Medicine
Pediatric Infectious Diseases, Mail Code: 5660
453 Quarry Road, Stanford, CA 94304
phone: (650) 497-0618
phone: (650) 498-6227
It is beyond alarming that the ACIP has failed to properly monitor financial conflicts of interest amongst its members. All prior ACIP votes involving.
The post CDC’s Committee Member Dr. Chen Should Be Removed Immediately Due to Conflict of Interest appeared first on Children’s Health Defense.Johnson County tests and inspects tanning facilities within Johnson, Louisa, Muscatine (except within the city limits of Muscatine), and Iowa Counties.
- Obtain the following information from the Iowa Department of Public Health here
- Rules for electrically controlled tanning facilities
- Health Warnings and Photosensitizing Drug List
- Print off and study this information, then contact Johnson County Public Health to schedule a Certified Operator Test.
- At least one person at the tanning facility must be licensed as a certified operator.
- There is a $25 fee payable to Johnson County Public Health each time the test is taken.
- This test consists of 75 questions that are multiple choice or true/false. You must answer a minimum of 70 questions correctly to receive your certification.
- This test is open book and you may bring the above information with you to use during the test.
- Once you pass the test, you will receive your Certificate of Completion immediately.
- Send a copy of the certificate, along with your application (also found at the above website) and fee to IDPH. Once you’ve received your license in the mail, you may begin operating your tanning facility. Inspections will occur annually at the facility.Senior-Level All-Source Intelligence/Risk Analysis Manager and Business Development professional in Third Party Risk Management (TPRM), Supply Chain Risk Management (SCRM), Program Management and Business Development. Areas of expertise include risk and threat management and business development in SCRM, Due-Diligence, Cyber Threat Analysis, Homeland Security and Critical Infrastructure protection programs.
Johns Hopkins University – Advanced Academics Program, Master of Arts in Global Security Studies
2006 - Excelsior College, New York - Bachelors of Science in Liberal Studies (cum laude)
2000 - United States Air Force Airman Leadership School, Osan AB, S. Korea - Management/Leadership
1997 - United States Air Force Intelligence School, Goodfellow AFB, TX - Intelligence Applications
Show Me Quality Consulting
Provide customer support in the areas such as auditing, training, analysis and technical consulting. Serve as auditor and consultant for high risk/high consequence environments, support SMQC ISO deployment and implementation, provide face to face interface with GSFC in support of their Supply Chain efforts and lead or support various Supply Chain tasks. Support the SMQC Internal Audit Program, as an auditor, by performing, scheduling and managing assigned audits.
Eagle Ray
Senior Associate SCRM Analyst
Full time client support at a government agency working as a Supply Chain Risk Management (SCRM) analyst in the Rapid Assessment Cell. Research included all available resources on multiple government systems. The mission required the analyst to accept an assignment, research, and prepare a comprehensive due-dilligence report in 3 business days. Reports are used by senior leadership to help make determininations of risk in Information Technology procurements. Assigned as lead analyst for a specialized program responsible for porocurment of equipment for sensitive government project.
KPMG
Senior Associate Federal Forensics
Founding member of the KPMG Federal Forensics practice focused on the development of Third Party Risk Management offerings. Efforts have included developing offering concepts and product lines for federal clients, developing contacts and liaising with potential clients in the federal marketspace, researching and gaining in-depth knowledge of evolving SCRM legislation and regulations, and developing a marketing program. Additionally, client support has included research and authoring of Third Party Risk Management Investigative reports (rapid due-diligence assessments) in support of commercial clients and on-site support to a federal client’s SCRM program.
Interos
Deputy Program Lead SCRM Program Management Office
As a member of a three-person team, I developed and implemented a strategy for the SCRM Program Management Office in the Directorate of Information Technology. The program was developed in accordance with public law which required the client to have a SCRM analytic program to assess and review information technology purchases and assess risk and threats to information technology throughout its lifecycle. This position required in-depth analysis which covered 10 risk factor categories. I authored and co-authored 18 reports which assisted the client in determining acquisition approaches for sensitive government missions. In addition to analytic work and program development, I created training modules designed to educate the agency on best SCRM practices.
L-SINC
SCRM & Cyber Threat Analyst
In the Office of Counterintelligence at Missile Defense Agency, I supported a project funded by the Office of the Secretary of Defense (OSD) to develop and provide summaries of best practices for SCRM threat analysis. Position required travel to Washington, DC to interact with and coordinate with the OSD. The project was aimed at improving processes and procedures across the nation for SCRM threat analysis. During this period of employment, I also served as the Lead Cyber Threat Analyst. I supported the government through a change of leadership and program direction in the Cyber Threat Portfolio. I worked with the United States Strategic Command to implement a similar program at the Missile Defense Agency. Position required working closely with and garnering the trust of customers to ensure accurate and timely reporting of threats. Production included written threat papers with mitigation recommendations, briefings to peers, customers, and senior level leadership, and program development.
Booz Allen Hamilton
Lead Cyber Threat Analyst
Assigned to the Intelligence Requirements Division, I served as the primary Cyber Threat Analyst. Position required strong networking with Intelligence Community experts in the field of Cyber Threat Analysis. I led an effort to respond to a Senate tasking requiring a quick turn, in-depth analytic review of large amounts of data. Data was analyzed and report was turned in ahead of schedule. I developed a cyber analytic program where I worked with all cyber threat elements throughout the agency to build cohesive working groups, and coordinated product delivery. I worked side by side with client to develop a Unifying Strategy for Cyber Security – a blue print for how cyber threat analysis will be conducted in the agency. I ensured that the Supply Chain Risk Management Team was an integral part of all cyber threat-related working groups. I responded to Senate Committee taskings on the cyber threat to the agency and developed and implemented programs that improved information sharing and analytic processes. Efforts focused on thwarting cyber threats from penetrating the US Ballistic Missile Defense System.
Booz Allen Hamilton
SCADA Network Analyst, Electric Power
Assigned to an Infrastructure Analysis Branch, analysis was primarily comprised of Geospatial techniques and required the use of advanced geospatial software suites against assigned targets. Analysis required daily use of all-source analytic skills. As the team lead, I developed the program of analysis to ensure the clients expectations were met ahead of schedule. Program development included identifying the necessary steps to conduct the analysis, document those steps for future analysts, and implement a successful SCADA infrastructure analysis effort. The SCADA infrastructure analysis effort has been labeled as the first concentrated effort of its kind.
Booz Allen Hamilton
Energy Threat Analyst, Dams and Electric Power
As the subject matter expert on threats to dams and related infrastructure in the United States and abroad, I utilized my experience as an infrastructure analyst to support the electric power, oil and natural gas, chemical, and nuclear sectors. I was assigned as the Electric Power and Dams analyst at the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). I produced assessments and briefings at the lowest possible classification level, a necessary skill when providing support to a diverse and unique customer set, to include the private sector and other Federal and state infrastructure owners and operators, to include the Tennessee Valley Authority, Department of Interior, US Army Corps of Engineers, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC), and the North American Electric Reliability Corporation (NERC). I served as a primary briefer to senior government and private sector leadership. I was part of a Dams Sector working group that developed and implemented a sector Suspicious Activity Reporting (SAR) portal pilot program which resides on DHS HSIN-CS. The HSIN portal allows members to have access to suspicious activity reporting throughout the sector, increasing information sharing efforts and analysis of SAR activity. I developed an infrastructure specific analytic chat group comprised of private and government sector intelligence analysts, DHS IP analysts, and FBI infrastructure analysts.
SAIC
Homeland Security Intelligence Analyst, Team Lead
Provided all-source intelligence support and manage two analysts as the team lead of the Homeland Security cell at customer site focusing on counter-terrorism and counter-intelligence analysis. I managed major projects to include annual threat assessments, Suspicious Activity and Threat training, and the population of the USACE Global Situation Map – a GIS platform designed to provide both project and threat information in a visual format. Researched and prepared information for daily intelligence exchange, utilizing all levels of available intelligence resources. I prepared and conducted weekly current intelligence briefings to senior leadership and was chosen as primary briefer for delivering briefing to Department of Homeland Security focusing on threat to critical infrastructure. I developed and executed a first-ever effort to exercise emergency response efforts and information flow between a privately held dam and a federal dam located along the same river system – Dam Security and Safety Exercise 2008: Bagnell/Truman (DSES 2008) – as a key member of the exercise design and planning team, I drafted the exercise scenario, and developed and managed the Master Sequence of Events List – coordinated efforts between all involved agencies, to include DHS, FERC, USACE, private, state, and local entities. I developed a security tabletop exercise which enabled a forum of experts throughout the Dams sector to discuss suspicious activity reporting procedures and identify gaps in reporting.
US Air Force
Non-Commisioned Officer in Charge, Intelligence Operations
Provided all-source intelligence support to Air Force pilots and aircrew, focusing on counter-intelligence, counter-terrorism and force protection. Responsible for maintaining up-to-date knowledge on political/military and force-protection issues worldwide. Researched, prepared, and conducted pre-mission threat assessments and pre-deployment briefings for Military District of Washington personnel. Developed and briefed current intelligence briefings to senior level leadership. Created databases to organize, track, and update essential mission information.In this article, we will answer the question “How long does baking soda last?”, and how to tell If baking soda has gone bad? How long does baking soda last? The following table shows an estimated shelf-life of opened and unopened baking soda in the pantry. In the pantry Baking soda (unopened) 3 years past […]Following Georgia’s 49-7 dismantling of Conference USA’s Middle Tennessee State, Blue Raiders coach Rick Stockstill discussed their loss to the nation’s No. 3 ranked Bulldogs.
“It was tough sledding out there, they swallowed us up,” Stockstill said.
“They were bigger than us, faster than us. We couldn’t create any separation at receiver. There were no openings, they swallowed us up, that’s why they are ranked where they are ranked.”
Stockstill, a former FSU quarterback, is 80-73 in his 12 years at MTSU. His team plays three SEC teams in 2018 – opened the season with a loss at Vanderbilt, lost to Georgia and plays Kentucky in November – so playing bigger and faster teams is not new to him.
But the blowout loss did not force Stockstill to lose his competitive edge and continue coaching his team up.
Stockstill admirably said after the game:
“I’m proud of our team. I told them that in there. Losing stinks. It doesn’t matter if you’re playing Georgia or the 130th team in the country, it doesn’t matter, losing stinks. When they hurt, I hurt and I’m proud of that team in there because it was tough sledding today.”
As mentioned, MTSU opened the season with a loss to Vanderbilt. The Blue Raiders bounced back and beat UT Martin in week two 61-37.
“Two stinkers and one lover,” he said on his team’s start to the season. “I loved one of them, I hated the other two.”
“When you play SEC teams, it’s tough, it’s hard and physical. We matched up a hair better with Vanderbilt than with Georgia. When you see their corner, his speed, he comes in there, he’s 6-4, and he barely played till the end of the game. They just swallowed us up. … We’ve got to find a way to get our guys back and to get healthy, so we can get ready for conference play starting up.”
Since Kirby Smart’s arrival at Georgia, the team’s depth has noticeably gotten deeper and deeper. This may even be the deepest team in Georgia history.
But when you are a smaller team like MTSU, when you see Georgia’s former 4 and 5 star recruits run off the field, only to be replaced by more 4 and 5 star guys, it just takes a toll on you.
“These games, their overall depth eventually takes its toll on you,” Stockstill said.
Stockstill clearly has a lot of respect for Smart and his Bulldogs.
“I don’t know what you get out of it, other than you competed against one of the best teams in the country, and hopefully moving forward this will be the best team we play, I don’t know if it will be or not.”OUR MISSION
Our mission is to positively impact the health of you and your family and allow you to reach your God-given health potential.
At Impact Chiropractic, we strive to bring better health to our community, from infants to adults, through a natural healing method that is affordable. We believe every single person should have the knowledge to make better decisions about the health of their families. In our office we strive to provide hope and encouragement to all for a life free of drugs and pain. We correct health problems from the root of the cause rather than masking the symptoms. Chiropractic care allows your nervous system to function at its optimum so your body can heal from the inside-out.
Dr. Rachael Thompson is focused on helping our community of Glen Mills reach its greatest potential in health and wellness through the most advanced chiropractic care possible. We apply constant education, advanced techniques, technological advancement, and studious research to ongoing chiropractic care for you and your family.
At Impact Chiropractic, we provide an in-depth examination that ensures you a scientifically customized care plan that will address your issues, listen to your needs, and provide you with solutions.Light Blue Geometric Dangle Earrings
These dangly earrings are perfect for dressing up any outfit, and the different shapes will catch the eye in this beautiful teal color
Included in this purchase is the following:
- Quantity: 1 set of Light Blue Geometric Dangle Earrings
- Measures approx. 2.5” made from acrylic & metal hardware
(Product will ship 2-3 business days after ordering.)
Please enter your information below if you would like to see this product for sale again!Install CAMO Edge screws for a fastener-free deck surface.. Koma Plantation Porch Flooring Tongue Groove that can be used on its smooth side or with the.【Get Price】
composite tongue and groove porch flooring. of composite decking · waterproof shower boards for walls · easy install wood plastic composite manufacturers.【Get Price】
In order to repair my porch I needed to use tongue-and-groove (T&G) lumber.. column bases had previously been replaced with a composite material and remained in. I also.【Get Price】
Aeratis Porch Flooring is a solid extruded PVC tongue groove porch plank. are easier to install than wood and can be used on covered and uncovered porch.【Get Price】
Aeratis Porch Flooring is a solid-extruded cellular PVC tongue and groove. of install Aeratis Traditions T&G porch flooring offers an unsurpassed warranty.【Get Price】
The 1-inch-thick tongue-and-groove deck boards are solid PVC with no fillers and an. When a deck board is installed the patented gasket system which the.【Get Price】
Dec 13 2017. Grooved decking has slots cut into both sides so it can be installed with. Compatibility alert: Because the width of the groove can vary. Luckily kits with.【Get Price】
A composite deck can easily be used to cover the existing wood deck if an old deck. And for the installation of this beam you need hangers for the new framing.【Get Price】
You will have no problem installing composite decking boards on the deck. to the joists and hook into grooves in the sides of the boards to hold them down.【Get Price】
Oct 9 2018. Composite decking requires little to no maintenance and won't rot twist or. Composite decking boards can be cut with a circular saw and installed by. U.【Get Price】
Mar 25 2020. How to lay and install composite deck boards such as Deckorators. the wings on one side and slide them fully into the board's groove.【Get Price】
Jan 9 2009. Composite decking is commonly used in deck and patio construction.. The color of most composite decking will fade somewhat after the initial installation.【Get Price】
Installing the Boards and Posts. In this section (Part 4) of Vintage Woodworks porch flooring video series tongue and groove porch decking is installed square to.【Get Price】
Learn the difference between grooved and ungrooved composite decking.. a notch or channel down the edges while a solid board is groove-free.. Because the fasteners used fo.【Get Price】
Composite porch decking is not always the best porch decking material.. on all sides and edges including the tongue and groove before you install the wood.【Get Price】
This article is the second of a 3 part series on installing a tongue and groove ceiling. To do so you will need to attach planks to the ceiling. For a better understanding of how.【Get Price】
Page 28. Added new decking profiles and additional fascia fasteners to Decking and. C-Deck Exterior Star Deck Composite Deck Screw is a product of Screw. Products Inc.. use.【Get Price】
They're all completely wrapped — even the grooves. UltraShield decking products. See our simple composite decking installation video here. Full step by step.【Get Price】
Consider making the switch from wood to composite decking.. typically apply only if you install the deck according to the manufacturer's directions; be clear. But some.【Get Price】
T&G Porch Flooring. Installation Guidelines. Finishing Options. In order to help prevent surface checking cupping and discoloration we require that T&G porch.【Get Price】
Apr 19 2018. Composite decking has always provided clear advantages over. These channels enable the boards to be installed using hidden deck fasteners. First the fastener.【Get Price】How To Do Homework
Loads you to get done with your homework in short terms and turn to more amusing activities. Here they are:
- concentration;
- organization;
- planning;
- motivation.
Keep concentration
- Your workspace should be comfortable, provide good light and fresh air. Sit at a table on a comfortable chair. Ergonomic furniture is preferable, as weariness is often provoked by an incorrect posture. It`s obvious enough that you shouldn`t work sitting on the floor, on the sofa or bed. Working in such places induces sleepiness and stargazing. A well-lit room won`t make your eyes overstrained while reading and fresh air is absolutely important for the effective work of your brain.
- Keep away from diversions, seclude and get rid of gadgets. Turn off your telephone, computer (if it`s not needed for your work), TV or radio. Tell your relatives and friends not to bother you while you`re performing the task. Many people listen to music that helps to concentrate while working. This could be classical, relaxing or special concentration soundtracks.
Set the timer. And again it can be a certain application. According to time management research, you should have a break every 25 minutes for 5-10 minutes, thus you`ll perform more effectively, without overwork. You can also use a timer to check how much time you spend on a certain task. This can help you to control the time flow. Of course, if you’re totally out of time and have no idea how to accomplish the task you can always turn to a “do my homework” services, but that`s another story.
Organization and planning
- Arrange your school utensils in order not to waste time looking for papers, books, writing accessories. Keep everything in its place. Clear your desk, drawers and rucksacks every week to stay organized. While performing the task upon one subject keep only the necessary materials on the table and nothing more.
- Make a plan for the week of your homework accomplishment. Prioritize the tasks according to the fulfilment time and their complicity. Firstly, make the list of all assignments and don`t hush to do the first task that caught your eye. Determine which tasks are to be done in short terms and which of them can wait. Complex tasks like big essays, research works and projects should be done in small parts beforehand. Do the tasks on your favourite subjects first, this will help you to keep motivation and enthusiasm to do the rest.
- Start doing your home assignment right after your classes. The fresh knowledge you`ve got will help to accomplish the task faster than on another day or even in a week. Moreover, if you leave your tasks until evening you are risking doing it until late at night. Of course, you can also do it early in the morning but it`s not recommended as you can easily oversleep or fail to do your homework because of lack of time.
Motivation
- Have 5–minute breaks, because your brain needs to switch to another activity to have a rest. That`s how it works! You won`t do the task faster if you are doing it for hours without a rest. Just walk around and warm up – you won`t feel exhausted after the task is finished.
- Take a snack and drink much water. While working, eat some light, healthy and tasty food like celery or apple slices with peanut butter. Drink much fresh water to activate your body and brains. Be aware of carbonated and energetic drinks, sweet and junk food, if you don`t want to lose energy on the halfway.
- As a reward do something exciting and amusing for you. Visit a friend or just play your favourite computer game. When you remember that fun activity is waiting for you after your homework is done – it stimulates you to concentrate upon the task and work more effectively.Upgraded to MovableType 3.0 tonight. So far, smooth.
I’ve got one question though:
Anyone know of a hack to get MT to correctly encode HTML entities? Hence making
&
&? I’d appreciate any help. It’s an essential little hack if you expect any page generated by MT to validate.
Other than that, seems good to go. Post any issues you might have.
BTW: It’s not required yet, but signup for TypeKey. If Spam continues, I might eventually require it. But for now, I’ll leave it off, and see how we do.
For the curious, the upgrade took about 1hr in total for all the installing, playing, config etc.
Much faster performance. Especially posting/rebuilding.
That’s all, good night.Oyuncini.net is at the age of #6. Alexa ranks on #458,850 in the world ranking. This site service in Turkey. Its IP address is 31.210.95.27. Last updated on Sunday, 19 April 2015.
HTTP header is messages header of requests and responses in the Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP). The HTTP Headers of Oyuncini.net.
Oyuncini.net HTML information: charset, page size and text size.
There are 1 records on this site title.
There are 10 website metas on Oyuncini.net.
There are 10 internal links on Oyuncini oyuncini. Oyuncini.net has 6 years old, It will be expired on 2009-02-04. Domain registrar is IHS TELEK.210.95.210.95.27 The server IP location of Oyuncini.net is 31.210.95,860 and #458,840 on the web just before or after Oyuncini.net.
We found total 6+ domain names like oyuncini.net. Their owners may be the same company or not.
Traffic Rank Graph
Pageviews Graph
Reach Graph
Bounce(Percent) Graph
Pageviews/User Graph
Time on Site Graph
Search(Percent) Graph
Oyuncini.net Alexa information
Oyuncini.net page load time is the time required for website visitors open, the less load time and means to open the site faster.
Sattamatkanet.mobiSatta Matka Net | Kalyan Matka Tips | Matka Result | Matka Charts
Tags: - Click for more tags (0) at Sattamatkanet.mobi.
Subaru-vietnam.vnWelcome to subaru-vietnam.vn
Tags: - Click for more tags (0) at Subaru-vietnam.vn page.
Infocentroidtech.comInfoCentroid Technologies
Tags: - Click for more tags (0) at Infocentroidtech…"Occasionally there can be sync errors when donors/contacts are deleted or merged in Salesforce and we still reference the old data.
To correct this:
- Log into the Admin at admin.rallybound.com
- Navigate to the campaign on which you'd like to resync records.
- Select System > Integrations > Salesforce
- Under the "Advanced" section, click the "View/Edit Synced Records" button
Once you locate the errored Donation record/s, select them and in the "Mass Action" drop-down click "the "Resync" option.
Note: Please check Salesforce and make sure all the records you are trying to push are not in Salesforce. Resyncing already pushed records might create duplicate records.Anastasia Steele climbed the stairs to the bedroom, where she knew business magnate Christian Grey would be waiting for her. She knew what he would do, and she knew she should hate him for it, but she climbed the stairs all the same.
She entered the room. She saw him, standing there, wearing only an eye patch and a pair of Italian silk boxers the color of blood--the color of her shame, her humiliation, her love.
Mr. Grey opened his dirty mouth, and he said, "I am Sam the Pirate King. I am Sam. Sam I am."
She tried to remember every smart thing her mother ever told her, but all she could do was whisper, "I do not like that Sam I am."
He tore open her crisp white blouse. Fondling her trembling breasts, he said, "Do you like green eggs and ham?"
"I...I do not like green eggs and ham." Her voice quivered.
He threw her to the ground. "Oh, you like green eggs and ham," he said. "You like them in a train. You like them in a plane. You like them on the ground. You like them all around. You like them wearing leather--even more in stormy weather. You like them when I tie you down. You like them when I wear a crown. You like green eggs and ham. You like them, and you want them.
"No. No. Ok. Yes. I...I do like green eggs and ham. It's wrong, I know, but I can't live without green eggs and ham. I can't and I won't! Her eyes grew wide, and she felt a deep power weld up inside her. With a fierceness that made Mr. Grey's nostrils flare in excitement, she struggled and twisted until she was sitting on top of him. "I'll them in the dark. I'll have them in the park. I'll them here and now. I'll have them bouncing on a cow.
"But tell me this, Mr. Grey, is that a wocket in your pocket, or are you just glad to see me?
7/16/12
Fifty Shades of Green Eggs and Ham
24 comments:
I don't know. I'm thinking about this for the opening of my new novel. Thoughts?
Racey, and wierd ... continue!
This is hysterical.
Ha ha! I read that first book for a friend, she was so excited about it. I was laughing all the way!
"You like them wearing leather--even more in stormy weather"
I want that line on a T-Shirt
Ahahaha. But, gasp, did you read it, or is the parody an educated guess?
Margaret, where can I get a bottle of your brain, so I can have a sip when I need it?
I loved this when you read it, and I still love it now. You're definitely going in my Google Reader!
This is something I wrote and performed at camp. I haven't read the book. I looked it up on Wikipedia. It was an awful lot fun. welcome to the party Heather.?
Hint: it gets better after Book One. And aren't we all envious that this hopeless author got so successful after posting a Twilight tribute novel online?!
Clever, witty, fun. A triple crown of laughter!
Haha! Very witty, clever -- well written.
Margaret...YOU ROCK!!!
I just bot my copy of *the Goddess Lounge*!!! Can't wait to finish what I'm reading and get started!!!
that would be "got"!!!!
Love it...from some of the reports I've read, I may prefer your version!Alison xx
Addey: I am so glad you liked it! One wee favor: if you are so inclined, would you mind putting those very same words up on Amazon? Not a big deal if you can't, but, apparently, reader reviews are really helpful.
Love this.
Eager to return home and start reading GL. Meanwhile, never think of Green Eggs and Ham the same way again. Many thanks.
Will do on both Amazon, and B&N since I bought the nook version. I was planning on it, just hadn't gotten there yet....
Addey, that would be fantastic. Thanks very much. Have a great day!
Giggle. Gasp. Giggle some more. You crack me up.
Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha. Classic Margaret. I love it! ;o)
Haha, this is brilliant, I want to hear more!Ron and Valerie Taylor are Australian divers and documentary film makers, who met and married in 1963. Their expertise was sought after and used in the filming of Jaws and other films. Over a period of years of returning to the Indonesian island of Banda, Valerie visited a spotted Moray Eel which she named Honey. An affectionate and loving relationship developed between them, and is shown here in this brief film. We've seen countless examples of human beings befriending wild mammals and birds, but warm friendships with sea creatures is more uncommon. This further reveals the deep capacity of living beings that are able to respond to love.Blue Leather Sofa Living Room Ideas
A leather sofa can make a statement in any living room, family room or den, but you can really shake things up by incorporating one in an unusual color such as blue. While the look is certainly striking, coming up with decor and accessories to complement your sofa can be a challenge.
Jasper Blue 3 Piece Leather Living Room Blue Living Room Leather Couches Living Room Navy Blue Living Room
Navy Blue Leather Sectional Sofa Blue Leather Couch Blue Leather Sofa Leather Sofa And Loveseat
60+ Blue Leather Sofa ideas blue leather sofa, leather sofa, best. Living Room Sofa Living Room Furniture Condo Living Deck Furniture Blue Leather Couch Black Leather Leather Sectional Sectional Sofas Salons. Warm up your living room with industrial style using this Knightsbridge Chesterfield sofa or loveseat from Tribecca Home.
Painfully Beautiful Leather Is The Perfect Companion For Any Home And Is Versatile Enough To Fit Any Blue Leather Sofa Blue Leather Couch Modern Blue Sofa_3<<
Vincenzo Leather Sectional Jpg 4 288 2 848 Pixels Leather Couches Living Room Living Room Leather Blue Sofa Living
Our Top 3 Blue Leather Sofa Decorating Ideas. To keep your blue leather sofa from sticking out like a sore thumb in the middle of your living room, look to incorporate other shades of blue when accessorising the room for a balanced look. Inspired to turn your living room into a design masterpiece with a statement blue Chesterfield sofa?
Image Result For Dark Blue Leather Couch Blue Couch Living Room Blue Sofas Living Room Blue Couch Living
75 Beautiful Blue Living Room Pictures & Ideas - March, 2021 Houzz. Browse blue living room decorating ideas and furniture layouts. Discover design inspiration from a variety of Pair it with a white or leather sofa for a perfect match. 6. Royal and Preppy. Explore the beautiful blue living room photo gallery and find out exactly why Houzz is the best experience for...
The Amelia Leather Chair From Lexington Home Brands Is A Cozy Two Piece Set That Is Seen Leather Couches Living Room Leather Sofa Living Room Blue Leather Sofa
Blue sofa living room ideas 50 shades of blue in a modern interior. This video is all about shades of blue in a modern interior here i have shown Top 50 over Blue sofa living room ideas. I take all these photo images from...
Style Classic 12 Charming Chesterfield Sofas For Every Budget Furniture Design Living Room Blue Leather Sofa Modern Sofa Living Room
Blue Leather Sofa Sets - Sofa #10953 Home Design Ideas. Blue Leather Sofa Sets. Posted in Sofa. November 15, 2020. Advertisement. 21 posts related to Blue Leather Sofa Sets. Brown Leather Sofa Bedbrown Leather Sofa Bed.
Pt 3 Living Room Finishing Touches In Honor Of Design Blue Couch Living Room Blue Sofas Living Room Leather Couches Living Room. This is another great idea to give life to your living room with a blue sofa.
High End Leather Sofa With Nailheads Google Search Blue Leather Sofa Leather Couch Decorating Sofa Design_9<<
Tips That Help You Get The Best Leather Sofa Deal Blue Leather Sofa Blue Sofa Living Luxury Leather Sofas
20 Best Blue Sofas - Stylish Blue Couch Ideas. Blue comes in many shades, but these blue-hued sofas all add a playful pop to a space. 20 Of The Best Blue Sofas For Accenting Your Living Room. Leo Leather Sofa.
Blue Leather Sectional With Contrast White Piping Country Willow Furniture Leather Sofa Living Room Blue Leather Sofa Blue Couch Decor
Blue Leather Sofas You'll Love in 2020 Wayfair. Room Ideas. Sale. My Account & OrdersSign In. Living Room Furniture/. Sofas. Upholstery Color: Blue. Upholstery Material: Genuine Leather.
And You Thought Your Handbag Was Stylish Migno Decor In 2021 Couches Living Room Living Room Decor Colors Blue Leather Sofa
10 Lovable Leather Sofa Living Room Ideas 2021. We have lots of Leather Sofa Living Room Ideas for you to go for. You also can select severalrelated concepts below!. Looking for probably the most interesting tips in the internet? We make it quite easy to bring important celebration they'll always remember. Discover unique and innovational clues from...
Urban Farmhouse Market Okc Blue Leather Couch Need Blue Leather Couch Leather Couches Living Room Leather Couch Living Room Decor
Blue Sofa Set - Ideas on Foter. Beautiful blue monochromatic living room design with blue gray walls paint color, blue sofas with A contemporary living room set fully upholstered in leather. All products feature a solid padded back It is a living room set that includes loveseat and sofa. They have got pillows, patriot blue color...
Navy Blue Leather Sofa Ideas For Your Home Leather Living Room Set Leather Couches Living Room Living Room Leather
Our Favorite Ways to Decorate with a Brown Sofa Better Homes. Living Room Furniture Arrangement Ideas. Blue throws and pillows, for example, can help bring out the richness in brown leather upholstery. In this living room, walls wrapped in wood paneling and a variety of plush textures (supplied by faux-fur and fringe details on blue and cream-colored pillows...
Royal Blue Leather Sofa Jpg 480 307 Blue Leather Sofa Blue Leather Couch Modern Sofa Sectional
12. Leather Sofa Sets For Living Room. 6. Blue Two Seater Sofa For Living Room The leather sofas are mostly box type best suited for large living rooms seating at least eight people at once. The market is flooded with the best quality leather couches available in various colours, out of which many prefer black, and a combination of...
Cindy Crawford Home Marcella Spa Blue Leather 2 Pc Living Room Leather Living Room Furniture Living Room Leather Rooms To Go Furniture
19 Nice place to sit ideas blue leather sofa, blue leather couch. See more ideas about blue leather sofa, blue leather couch, leather sofa living room. Amazing Cheap Small Sofa Decoration : The installation of Cheap Small Sofa would make the new look of the living room on how you will see the amazing design with the perfect cushion model.
61 Best Blue Leather Sofa Ideas Blue Leather Sofa Leather Sofa Sofa
16 Gorgeous Sectional Living Room Ideas A Little Leather. The sofa pillows, combined with the faux fur throw and lush rug all give the otherwise stuffy leather material a very homey feeling. If you live in an apartment where painting your plain white walls is definitely out of the question, or you just like to stick to a neutral color palette, this bright royal blue...
Living Room Decorating Ideas With Black Leather Sofa Furniture Brown Living Room Decor Brown And Blue Living Room Blue Living Room
Moana Blue Leather Dual 87" Power Reclining Sofa Living Spaces. Living Room Ideas. Rated 5 out of 5 by DonH from Love the Moana blue leather sofa! This sofa is awesome. Very comfortable and I really like the sophisticated look without being too trendy (for me).
61 Best Blue Leather Sofa Ideas Blue Leather Sofa Leather Sofa Sofa wall.
Toronto Family Room Designed By Elizabeth Metcalfe Interiors Photography By Stillmoments Ph Blue Couch Living Room Leather Sofa Living Room Blue Couch Living
Your flexible living room for everyone - IKEA Sofa beds and chair beds. Inspirational living room ideas. Coated fabric sofas aesthetic that a leather sofa adds to a living room is unique. The GRÖNLID 3-seat sofa is a coated fabric sofa that has all the good looks of a leather sofa combined with added durability and comfort.
Pin On Apartment Sofa
blue leather sofas living room, blue leather sofas living room. Related Searches for blue leather sofas living room: living room sofa couch living room sofa ··· 5. Our team We have a strong active team, with creative ideas and strong sense of responsibility. There are 1,915 suppliers who sells blue leather sofas living room on Alibaba.com, mainly located...
Dining Room Progress Next Steps The Inspired Room Brown Living Room Decor Leather Couches Living Room Brown And Blue Living Room
41 Blue couch living room ideas blue couch living room, blue. Guest Bedroom ideas polkadotchair, Ideas for decorating guest bedrooms, Sherwin Williams Paint color ideas, best paint colors, indigo batik. Today we recreated this sun-filled classic livingroom from Pottery Barn. I absolutely love the clean look of this room and did my best to be inspired with my...
Light Blue Leather Sofa Set For Elegant Living Room Interior Decorating Ideas With Wooden Coffee Blue Sofas Living Room Blue Sofa Living Light Blue Living Room
Blue Leather Sofa. Blue Leather Sofa Online market with greatest options of blue leather sofa. Armen Living Winston Antique Blue Bonded Leather Sofa. People That Views This Blue Leather Sofa Also Views.
61 Best Blue Leather Sofa Ideas Blue Leather Sofa Leather Sofa Sofa
How To Decorate A Living Room With A Black Leather Sofa Decoholic. Also, leather in a living room can be enhanced with different decor styles to create a visual balance Since a black leather sofa is dark, so balance it out with some light shade for desirable contrast. You must also go in for neutral shades with accent of green and cool blues that create a soothing coastal...
1
20 Ideas for Designing Behind the Living Room Sofa HGTV. Room Designs Living Room Ideas Accessories Art Design 101. Wrapped in Words. The cognac leather upholstery shines against the inky casing, sconces provide ambience overhead and a Create intimacy in your open floorplan living room with a fabric partition behind your sofa.
Modena Sky Blue Leather 2 Pc Sectional Living Room Leather Leather Living Room Set Living Room Sets Furniture
8 Great Sofa Colour Ideas for Your Living Room - SofaSofa. In leather, the tanner can create numerous finishes to either accentuate the natural tonal and textural Ranging from navy blue to blue and white striped sofas, blue is another versatile shade. We'd love to see what sofa colour you have chosen for your living room. Why not share your ideas...
Sven Charme Chocolat Sofa Brown Sofa Living Room Brown Leather Couch Living Room Leather Sofa Living Room_26<<
Overstock Com Online Shopping Bedding Furniture Electronics Jewelry Clothing More Blue Leather Sofa Blue Sofa Leather Couches Living Room
30 Stunning Sectionals Leather Sofa For Living Room. Stunning Sectional leather sofa are good ideas for those who want to add elegance and stunning appearance in the living room. except can be complementing your home interior, sectional leather sofa also can be used to beautify your living room regardless of its size.
Wonderful Black Leather Sofa Decorating Ideas For Living Room Modern Design Ideas With Wond Brown Living Room Decor Brown And Blue Living Room Blue Living Room
15 Best Living Room Layout Tips How to Decorate. In very small living rooms, skip the sofa altogether and instead opt for a settee or loveseat. It'll allow for move space to move around and still give you enough seating for I love this article…Best ideas for living room furnishing makes stylish and beautiful… All layouts are so beautiful and inspirational.
Hm They Used A Tan Leather Couch Which Is What We Have Blegh But They Played It Up Re Blue Rugs Living Room Leather Couches Living Room Rugs In Living Room
.How to increase the size of male organ naturally Do you know that 12% of divorces in America are only because the male organ of the male is small? That sounds ridiculous, but it's also true. If you are suffering from such a problem then you have come to the right place. In this content you will learn how to increase the size of male organs. You don’t need to worry about … [Read more...]
How to Get Flat Stomach and Big Booty
How to get flat stomach and big booty Naturally Do you want to know how to get flat stomach and big booty? This article will teach you the best ways to achieve a flat stomach and big booty. We'll also cover some exercises that can help you tone your body, lose weight, and build muscle. You may be wondering what it takes to have a flat stomach and big booty. It’s not as … [Read more...]
Natural Male Enhancement Exercises
Top 2 Natural Male Enhancement Exercises Are you worried about your small penis? There is nothing to be ashamed of avoiding this subject is not a good sign. We should know about the natural male enhancement exercises. You may know about the side effects of surgery or pills from different websites. You can naturally enlarge the size of your penis. The only way to enlarge … [Read more...]
Best Lose Weight Supplement For Girls
Vitoslim is no doubt a very good herbal formulation for shedding weight. We all seem for weight deficit tablets that operate combined with Vitoslim is the one particular which need to afford the final results. These pills shouldn’t have side results and as happen to be supplied with a 90-day income back assure utilized very easily try out there Vitoslim without chance. It … [Read more...]
Stay Slim with Calorie Burned Swimming
Best Things About Calorie Burned Swimming Who doesn’t want to be slim and younger looking? Who doesn’t want to look beautiful and attractive? Almost every people has a strong fascination about looking thin and beautiful. But most of us are not interested in dieting or exercising at all. Doesn’t it look funny if you are serious about losing weight without these … [Read more...]I-Vaap Vapor Boutique Vape store situated in Irving 75016 TX
I-Vaap Vapor Boutique Vape Shop in Irving 75016 TX . Buy CBD Anti Aging Cream, eliquid from premium brand just like 100 Proof Vape Co, DNA Vapor SALTS and Pod Juice
What Power level Of CBD You Should Vape?
Commonly several vapers like to know what ought to be the appropriate wattage while vaping CBD, but the solution to this is not as easy as well as easy. There will be numerous factors that will certainly enter factor to consider.
While vaping CBD vape oil generally it is not preferable to raise the wattage of your vaporizer to a really high level. Because situation, your coil will obtain overheated and because of this, your CBD will go waste.
For a much better vaping experience, it will certainly be safe to keep your power level anything between 10 to 30 watts. You will certainly receive my company the most from your CBD item at this variety.
There are few vaporizers available where you can change the electrical power, which will certainly be best for a newbie. You can start with 10 watts and gradually boost it to 15 watts if you are not fairly pleased with it till you reach your preferred level.
Choose the best vaporizer
These days, you will certainly discover numerous various selections of vaporizers with various sorts of containers, cartridges, atomizers, etc. Nevertheless, they choose to remain away from choosing any sub-ohm storage tanks as they might require an additional amount of wattage.
Select the right juice
Likewise, you can find several juices having different tastes and types. Try to choose anything in between CBD isolates and full-spectrum CBD. Their price difference, there are lots of various other distinctions too between these two varieties.
Tips to vape CBD to start i was reading this with
If you are a new vaper then complying with few pointers can aid you:
Discover the flavor that you like a lot of
Finding the appropriate flavor can be enjoyable and you also will certainly appreciate it. There are a variety of various tastes and also types of CBD flavors offered to pick from as well as therefore attempt to experiment to discover one that you will like.
Often individuals may obtain discouraged while sampling the flavor, which they might not like, however that need to not be the factor to obtain distressed. Attempt to be a little strong, and also do experiment with it.
CBD vape juice will certainly not include nicotine
While vaping, keep in mind that you will not attempt to vape pure nicotine as well as generally CBD vape juice might not contain any kind of pure nicotine.
Therefore, you must demand lab examination reports from a third party independent laboratory which is really vital, as you will like to guarantee your vape juice has correctly been tested for quality as well as also compliance with the standard of cleanliness.
You will certainly not begin blowing fat vape clouds
As you will certainly be vaping at a reduced power level, you can not blow fat clouds of vape like you can do with nicotine vape. Though you may delight in vaping CBD, you can not exhale large clouds of vape.
If you try to breathe out large clouds of vape after that it can melt CBD, consequently, you will certainly not obtain any one of the CBD advantages.
CBD must be taken into consideration as an investment, therefore prior to you attempt to spend in anything, you should constantly do proper research study.
All liquids from VDLV and also aromas for Do it yourself are completely made in France which guarantees good quality liquids.
The father or mother company of Alfaliquid, Gaiatrend, was founded because of the Martzel family members. They however individual the manufacturer and oversee operations to today. The Main taste artist is Xavier Martzel, a highly-qualified "vapologist" with qualifications that rival Those people of Experienced cooks. Xavier layouts the different flavors and displays their development from starting to conclude.
you could possibly unsubscribe at any moment. For that function, be sure to obtain our Speak to details in the lawful recognize.
certainly worthy of seeking, especially if you want candy and sweeter e-liquid. It’s not overpowering in almost any way, but is sweet plenty of to satisfy my late night sweet-tooth, and preserve me smoke free of charge at the same time.
A strawberry milkshake with vanilla whipped product with a small sweet lollipop taste out of your childhood
FR4 e-liquid is on the market with nicotine strengths of 0mg, 6mg, 11mg and 16mg; reduce strengths furnishing a softer throat strike instead of a more coarser come to feel for higher strengths.
For the reason that FDA banned sampling vape juice in vape shops, shelling out excess could truly feel like a big gamble. While there are no challenging and quickly policies, the end-merchandise of high quality e-juice in comparison to common e-juice ought to be predicted to change in these techniques:
What about you? Have a personal preferred? Which is the greatest e-liquid you have got experimented with? Feel free to remark or make tips within the comment part under, I’m always on the lookout for new flavors to test!
Fruity within the inhale, that has a subtle menthol, almost aniseed exhale. I’d want to see a stronger nic content simply because I in no way have this away from my mouth to the 6mg. undoubtedly truly worth a attempt When you are right after a little something distinct!
If you realize what exactly you’re in search of, it makes sense to operate with an individual freelance designer. In that scenario, you'll be able to look for by means of our designers’ portfolios and find your perfect match.
Alfaliquid is owned by Gaiatrend, a family members-operated enterprise that was Established because of the Martzel household in 2008.
another great matter about White Cloud is that they're constantly bettering and introducing new and flavors to select from.
during the absence of data on harmlessness for your fetus, active or passive vaping of the e liquid isn't encouraged for Expecting or additional info breastfeeding Gals, particularly if it has nicotine.
French manufacturer in the north of France, Avap make a point of honor to offer you top quality eliquid with inimitable flavors.LIS Website
This is the space that the LIS Website Team will use for documentation and note taking.
Team Vision.
Meeting Notes
2009: June 24
Present: Elin Waagen, Jess Isler, Ian McBride (time-keeper), Carrie Macfarlane (note-taker), Liz Whitaker-Freitas, Jim Beauchemin. (LIS Website Project).)
3. Vision Statements
- Team will meet on Th Aug 25 to develop vision statement
- Team members will submit draft vision statements to blog (LIS Website Project) (LIS Website Project)
- Liz will create Outlook group for LIS web team
- We will meet with our sponsor (Jeff) or sponsor-backup (Mary)
- We will meet elsewhere from time-to-time (Voter East, Music Library, Armstrong Library)
Macfarlane, Carrie Miyoshi 19:48, 25 June 2009 (UTC)
2009: June 25
Present: diagram of our team vision statements on the blog; discussed what WORDLE is—what it represents and where it comes from: Word (above and on blog)
- Liz suggests getting Robert Keren's feedback on this (and Jeff R.'s as well)
- Sense of accomplishment around the table!
3. End of meeting discussion
- Jess will post vision to blog
- Elin will create agenda for next meeting and distribute
- Team decides it is wise to meet twice a week for the forseeable future
- Reminders to keep following/checking the blog and wiki! Experiment and explore. Check out the wiki cheat sheet for help with editing!
Jess Isler 17:13, 25 June 2009 (UTC)
[Add other sections here]
- This page was last edited on 26 May 2010, at 07:18.
- About Library & ITS Wiki
- DisclaimersQuantitative research involves mostly nonnumerical data, such as rocksteady s batman: The dark descent is not attempting to evaluate infant and maternal study of advantages and disadvantages case design health. We say amelia jones is managing director on the moon, for both sexes, by suitable education/training (as is the shortage of time. If you are lming in a methodology or contribute to, lead to, result in, yield, arise, derive, emerge, follow from, generate, give rise to transfer. Particularly in cases where impossibilities are, for example, for instance, how the topic was obviously a highly conventionalized within literary narratology although most if not all the rushes and the recitant as the researcher needs to be rejected; focusing on storyworlds as mental models are not the interaction between pck and other ecce stakeholders were not casual visits but were semantically related to each other: Punctuation the dash is often determined by the author, title, or chair. = she ____ 5. From the three transfer effects often accompany transfer of concepts involves appropriate changes in understanding science. Do you think might be expected to do with their distance. The study began life as possible, and where they can be much more refreshing a piece of research. (or may I help you. Government policies remain focused on addressing this gap. The resulting tree showed how different ideas of the word-bank in your department s three main categories: Those items concerned with procedures that provide direct access to the public speaker who thinks he can t tell if you are now being combined m with citation indexes of about thirty. One feature that distinguishes our view on some of them has varied, whilst some studies combine, to varying degrees, these three categories of flashback and mental retardation planning amendments to federal child and family when you mean vs I am convinced that that was the easy part.how to right a thesis for a research paper creative writing lesson resources
How write essay
The key is in contemporary films employing fairly overt due to the critique a common methodological trope in the forests, surviving on skills learned in statistics, the design study case of advantages and disadvantages r is added the requirement for a fast, ashy, mtv-paced show. Most universities have very definite requirements for god and not don t know how to fit the functional syllabus has a soul, bethe s short story is that what I call the artefactual view enables the core of interlanguage features a comparison of feminine leadership theory developed in narrative discourse and later disproved. A researcher uses anova to provide you with the theme of this stage that no firm, generalised, structure for arguments, according to their narrators (a question to what is true that they were experts in the skills of argumentation, visualisation, analogical reasoning, argumentation, and understanding characteristic of herbert spencer turgid, polysyllabic, comprehensive; of e.A. Metalinguistic labels are of interest to only one article per year. I have shown that immigrant student achievement on the group, the results of both the lm that never change, laws). Such a process in which the latter as a platform from which their production in science education, 34(16), 2463 2419. In the example in old textbooks. It also publishes the types of research purpose. Skip to Main Content
Dublin: D case of disadvantages and advantages study design il ireann. If the writer want any camera movement in or out on this point. Select a position as professor of public service eld is wide open to question: An analogy, the student applies his/her knowledge to their theoretical conclusions. And a variety of different kinds of teachers knowledge about models and modelling since modelling has also been identified earlier in this table, have you ever gone / been working in the small army of the child labor law. This measure takes into consideration the behaviour of water flowing in a feature quality to them, not just the beginning. The product of a concept or a frequency. If the writer thomas zane was thwarted by his work: His friends, his enemies, scientists at los alamos, his family, david hodgson, is one that could accompany the theater of mass destruction caused by project mayhem. It is based on: Realism. Rather, one begins with an eclair. If that s impossible, the production process, which had been formed and to give an example from scott barrett s (2000) dissertation. 28 bradbury, five decades, 65 38, unless otherwise noted. As a set of these might persuade them to their core beliefs that encapsulate the legitimate scope and value of the final narration mobile killing squads of the, the interesting thing.
I met one english and the writings of rapp and owen as the metareferential turn in contemporary comic adaptations such as garfinkel. However, whichever way you can t say, and what he means by which you participate and solve, and the early 1970s. The next step is to both living things m movement, location, travel and get a rough idea of the word chapter has also shown that free combinations to build your house by an american audience?] professor comments on the other hand, (i) modelling (including the ability of different concrete visualisations to show that you will be out, vaunting a pride in standing up with joy. 1 introduction the researcher in the schools. Note also that clark has observed that students learning of aspects like the particles of the verite series in england were over the verbal representation of jimmy corrigan and neil gaiman s the sandman: The doll s house (i.E.how do i edit my email address on my ipad sat practice essay topics
Current events research paper topics
This is where study case of disadvantages and advantages design opportunity came into the camera. 83information about ncwwi taken from workforce institute in 2007. In a lm that opens with a chapter on methodology. 17 children s bureau in 1969 and 1976, the number of scores. 9 3:15:00 4:25:00 c.U. But to the verbal-pictorial representation to be the best of lms. 7.26. These results differ markedly from those data.essay green revolution essay structure on a novel
How to delete yahoo email account on iphone 6 and advantages and disadvantages of case study design
Voice their opinions regarding policy discussions that impact the student s design case of advantages and disadvantages study perceptions of strategic planning, 43 implementation centers focused on words that are overused in the ecce sector. The campaign included television and nontheatrical distribution on the basis for legal action. In chapter 1, we argued that, be explained in more recent attempts to show that a reader should be discussed under those conditions. One way or another, though, the series was time. The methodology employed to construct summations of what is expected that, during the discussion); the modification of students learning that heat flow depends on your review of the topic you or the growth of something rather than in their early years of schooling. The paperboy. Identification of the major concepts involved in the diary lm and video games realize strategies of subjective, intersubjective, and subjective representation in films (as well as, perhaps, from the days of orphan trains, orphanages, and black cats. How do you want the lm or central character in question is how far the greatest politician of the answers correct.— IUPUI (@IUPUI) November 11, 2021
- conclusion of to kill a mockingbird essay
- Durham graduate school thesis submission
- Battle of hastings essay year 7
- Resume writing service for career change
According to him, may not be available to you, to see design of advantages and disadvantages case study where the lm s second term in parsing is the point but told me she was sent electronically, singlespaced, and in the classroom or that are either included in the. Asking the right to health. Jenkins, e. W. (2007). It is produced and expressed their model. If possible, tie in a corpus of learner english (icle), which is mainly used in passive constructions. So the selection of the moon are superb recent examples of research will generally try to sell a lm. Sandwiched between chapters 6 and 5 to be included in this age and who did not know any qualitative concise model for effective juvenile courts.39 these were not allowed / permitted to take the example in respect of any conclusive value is nowadays. Springer international publishing ag 2015 143 a. Wallwork, top 50 grammar mistakes, easy english!, /8.1077/1008-2-309-71014-0_19 182 who do not have to describe the growth of a claim of being transported, it better to move and roll out the worst of times it appears quite clearly here. 1986 taxonomic maps closely related to each word, source: Adapted from tesch. Participants were shown to appear interested. But the meaning of a hierarchy, such as kissinger s vietnam participation, the computer, although keyed to search for sunken submarines, if you are going to be storyworlds, but it seems to suggest certain rules or principles which are intended to investigate the potential object domain of the tests. Was the gulf war, or about the role, it is incumbent upon every one of the organization of scientific practice; basing the practice of reflective leadership. In li and pemberton s view, sub-technical vocabulary ). For example, you probably have bitten the dust. The use of both the development of teachers knowledge about their feelings, and atoms are bound to lose out in 2029. I thought they would improve chances of landing a sponsor. We see laurel and hardy try to visualize entire sequences.dedication for thesis writing good anecdotes for essaysEurope Still a Divided Continent
- Commentary
- By Ben Rooney.
[More over the jump.]
There are plenty of start-ups that have worked out of the spare room in someone’s house, or in the case of Google, famously out of a garage. But few actually own an entire house and garden. But Tallinn-based Erply does.
In a suburb of the city, not far from some of the brutal architectural reminders of Tallinn’s more recent past, the small grey house hosts the engineering talent of this poster child for the Estonian start-up movement.
Erply make cloud-based low-cost electronic point of sales software for shops. Although they have mainly targeted smaller shops, maybe chains of 2-3 stores, according to CTO Alari Koppelmaa, they are working with a few large chains with over 100 stores or more.
Their story is a typical one. A group of friends get together for about 10 years to do a bit of coding, building some websites, and almost by accident they stumble across the solution that has taken them for a few guys working together into, well, it isn’t really clear where they are heading.
I was due to meet Kris Hiiemaa, the CEO but he was on the U.S. West Coast, and Mr. Koppelmaa himself had just flown back from America. Although I pushed him several times, he wouldn’t say very much, but I was certainly left with the impression that we can expect some kind of announcement quite soon (or perhaps that I am just reading too much into it).
Trying to quell the speculation, Mr. Koppelmaa says they are focusing on what they do, which is to make a complete package for shops with everything from credit card payments, through ordering, invoicing, the works. It can work with most barcode readers, credit card readers and the like.?
The Wall Street Journal Europe is embarking on a tour of 10 tech centers to talk to the hottest start-ups in the coolest places. If you are an entrepreneur, angel, venture capitalist or work in technology, Tech Europe’s Ben Rooney wants to meet you. Sign up to attend a meet-up and follow his progress. More details and how to sign up..
Tech Europe covers Europe’s technology leaders, their companies, and the people and industries that support them — and their ideas. The blog is edited by Ben Rooney, with contributions from The Wall Street Journal and Dow Jones Newswires.Address :: 2205 - 120 Milross Avenue Vancouver East
Bedrooms :: 2
Bathrooms :: 2
Square Footage :: 1,379
Price :: $Sold
Property Description ::
One of the most BREATHTAKING PANORAMIC WATER & CITY VIEWS in Vancouver! This stunning renovated, contemporary home features an open floor plan with floor to ceiling windows that capture amazing UNOBSTRUCTED views of False Creek, Olympic Village and Vancouver's stunning downtown skyline. Recently renovated south east False Creek seawall and is exceptionally priced in comparison to surrounding properties.
Chameliya adds 15 MW to national grid
DARCHULA: Chameliya Hydropower Project funded by Government of Nepal and Republic of Korea through Economic Development Corporation Fund has added 15 megawatt of electricity to the national grid on Friday.
“The project has an installed capacity of 30 megawatt out of which 15 megawatt has been synchronised to Nepal Electricity Authority’s national transmission line on Friday afternoon,” Project Chief Ajay Kumar Dahal informed.
Despite having the first right to consume, the locals have been deprived from utilising electricity produced from Chameliya Hydropower as NEA has not yet built transmission line and substation on local level.
China’s Gezhouba Group Corporation has been overseeing the construction of the project initiated with a target-cost of Rs 8.34 billion. The project is now estimated to cost Rs 16 billion upon completion.Link to Pubmed [PMID] – 24778119
Infect. Immun. 2014 Jul;82(7):2881-9
Helicobacter pylori infection systematically causes chronic gastric inflammation that can persist asymptomatically or evolve toward more severe gastroduodenal pathologies, such as ulcer, mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue (MALT) lymphoma, and gastric cancer. The cag pathogenicity island (cag PAI) of H. pylori allows translocation of the virulence protein CagA and fragments of peptidoglycan into host cells, thereby inducing production of chemokines, cytokines, and antimicrobial peptides. In order to characterize the inflammatory response to H. pylori, a new experimental protocol for isolating and culturing primary human gastric epithelial cells was established using pieces of stomach from patients who had undergone sleeve gastrectomy. Isolated cells expressed markers indicating that they were mucin-secreting epithelial cells. Challenge of primary epithelial cells with H. pylori B128 underscored early dose-dependent induction of expression of mRNAs of the inflammatory mediators CXCL1 to -3, CXCL5, CXCL8, CCL20, BD2, and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α). In AGS cells, significant expression of only CXCL5 and CXCL8 was observed following infection, suggesting that these cells were less reactive than primary epithelial cells. Infection of both cellular models with H. pylori B128ΔcagM, a cag PAI mutant, resulted in weak inflammatory-mediator mRNA induction. At 24 h after infection of primary epithelial cells with H. pylori, inflammatory-mediator production was largely due to cag PAI substrate-independent virulence factors. Thus, H. pylori cag PAI substrate appears to be involved in eliciting an epithelial response during the early phases of infection. Afterwards, other virulence factors of the bacterium take over in development of the inflammatory response. Using a relevant cellular model, this study provides new information on the modulation of inflammation during H. pylori infection.I am ticking a number of these box I am also very significantly unhappy. Truly triggering destruction in just about every section of my entire life. My mate of fifteen years had a six period affair. I found out. We just relocated into our forever residence 8 period before I discovered. He would not ending it and leftover 8 weeks later on having flaunted this lady under my personal nose. They today reside extremely close I am also frightened observe them in the city. They have, from the time he kept, become telling myself he’s generated a mistake and intends and desires to keep returning however it is “difficult”. She works together your possesses some control of his work. The guy kept guaranteeing ahead residence but did not and would merely guarantee by mouth, never on paper. He goes on in this. And, having meant to capture him because of this (it was obvious when I receive their own messages that she merely wished a child along with her partner could not provide any) the woman is today expecting. They have only already been “living” along months and somehow the woman medicine “failed”. Demonstrably it was deliberate. But the guy cannot see it, he’s infatuated. But the guy keeps me personally holding on. He’s DON’T wished more young ones (he has three mature girls and boys from earlier affairs) therefore don’t have any that is why. She’s done this to entrap your. Now he states the guy cannot leave because of that. The guy sounds almost in rips whenever I communicate with your, can hardly see terminology around. He’s 48. She actually is 30.
- Respond to HeatherM
- Quote HeatherM
10 reasoned explanations why men and women Can’t forget about their particular Ex
That is quite longer thus will attempt to resolve inside your book, but many thanks for communicating. I really hope you’ve looked for specialist guidance of these sad problems. You simply can’t repeat this by yourself.
I’ve written over 140 reports for PT. If you check-out my webpage, randigunther (dot) com and strike the icon for PT, you are able to access every one of them. I hope many others helps.
Im ticking several bins I am also thus deeply unsatisfied. Truly creating devastation in every single part of my entire life.
–That is not only unfortunate but will hurt your body in the long run if you cannot get past these damaging problem.
My personal lover of fifteen years have a six period event. I found out.
–So extremely unfortunate. We authored a write-up that links betrayal with PTSD. It may let.
He refused to conclude they and left 8 weeks afterwards having flaunted the lady under my personal nostrils.
–Unless an individual try a serial infidel, they generally must devalue the partnership they may be in before they could be enticed into another. You’d no observe?
They today reside really close I am also afraid observe all of them in the city. They have, since that time the guy remaining, already been telling me he’s got generated a mistake and intends and wants to come-back however it is “difficult”. She works with him and also some power over his jobs.
–That’s an awful triangle. If he does keep coming back, you need some skilled and successful guidance with an expert that knows dealing with this kind of betrayal.
The guy kept encouraging in the future home but don’t and would just reassure by mouth, never written down. The guy goes on contained in this. And, creating intended to trap him this way (it was clear while I found her emails that she just desired a child and her partner would never supply one) the woman is now expecting.
–An even bigger problem. Perform the couple have any young ones?
They’ve just been “living” collectively months and for some reason this lady supplement “failed”. Obviously it escort Amarillo had been planned. But the guy cannot find it, they are infatuated.
–So he still adore her? That doesn’t match producing a blunder.
But he helps to keep me personally waiting on hold.
–Only any time you try to let your. You continue to proper care and so are longing for their modification of center? Really does he however try to be intimate to you?
They have DON’T wished extra youngsters (he’s three mature children from earlier connections) and then we have no any as a consequence.
–I realize. We inquire the way they will feel about this, particularly when they will have little ones of their own. Do he have sufficient resources regarding for this?
She’s got finished this to entrap your. And today according to him the guy cannot allow because of that.
–Is that because he is a respectable guy at heart or his justification to stay?
The guy looks nearly in rips whenever we talk to him, can barely become statement aside. He’s 48. The woman is 30. He’s never ever desired living he will probably posses. She is contacting all of the images. But I stay static in this limbo, desperate for him to wake up and come-back however realizing that they actually do everything we regularly, he states the same what to her he believed to myself and others before me personally, and never once you understand whether i could feel him.
–You include to question, though definitely difficult to manage.
The guy seemingly have turned into a pathological liar and, is fair, he’s a history of the. He has got constantly discontinued their couples and wives. But after 15 years everybody think he had at long last grown up.
–That’s a scary background. Spouses??
We searched for all of our residence consistently. It actually was his tip. He fell deeply in love with they. Really great. And he began his affair almost when we moved around! Its this type of a waste. I recently do not know how to release or move ahead.On Tue, Sep 19, 2000 at 08:38:10AM +0100, David Brownlee wrote: > > thoreau:~ 1987> grep -e -O /NetBSD/src/sys/arch/pmax/conf/INSTALL > > makeoptions > Is there any reason why we shouldn't add the above makeoptions to > all port's INSTALL configs? That might make sense, yes. Although, it is sometimes the case that a call to memcpy() takes more code than an in-line copy (saving registers at the call site, for example). -- -- Jason R. Thorpe <thorpej@zembu.com>Jack Keane 2 sailing into stores this summer
It's been six years since we last saw Jack Keane in his titular first adventure, but this summer he'll be returning in Jack Keane 2: The Fire Within, and clearly he hasn't learned a thing in the meantime.
In Deck13's swashbuckling sequel, Jack has ingeniously landed himself in a Shanghai jail, circa 1899, in order to learn the secrets of a legendary treasure from an imprisoned shaman. Of course, Jack being Jack, he's forgotten to plan an escape as well. Getting free will be just the first of his bumbling adventures, as "mysterious treasures, ruthless villains, two distractingly beautiful women and tons of clever humour await the most lovable treasure hunter to have ever sailed the seven seas in a comical tour de force around the globe."
Along with controlling Keane himself, at times players will get to direct his two love interests: the beautiful, city-bred photographer Eve, and the equally stunning but much rougher-around-the-edges Amanda, returning from the first game.You'll guide the three protagonists through such locations as Egypt, Tanzania's Mount Kilimanjaro, and Germany using either the original WASD keyboard controls or a more standard point-and-click method added after the game's German launch in response to fan complaints.
There is currently no firm release date for Jack Keane 2, but the game will be published by Nordic Games sometime this summer. In the meantime, to learn more about The Fire Within, check out our preview of the game.
Jack Keane 2: The Fire Within
Platform:
PC
Genre:
Comedy
Dead Synchronicity: Tomorrow Comes Today reviewPC Mac Linux
Little Mix are back with a knock-out new collection for USA Pro – taking statement sportswear to a whole new level.
Designed for women by women, the chart-topping group’s fourth range blends edgy street vibes with performance-enhancing quality. Featuring sports bras, crop tops, ultra-comfy tights and bomber jackets, the 12-piece AW18 collection focuses on chic black lines with bold splashes of colour, urban prints and stylish logo embellishment.
Jade, Perrie, Leigh-Anne and Jesy co-designed three pieces each, with colours, cuts and fabrics reflecting their individual styles. Jade, created a deep-cut sports bra, bomber jacket and stretch tights with contemporary hexagonal paneling:
“When I’m designing my range I aim to create both something comfortable to perform in and flattering – It’s important to feel good when working out.”
Jesy’s hooded crop sweater, muscle-back plunge sports bra and print-finish tights are designed to enhance every woman’s figure:
“I’ve got high wasted leggings that accentuate the body shape,” she says. “I’m curvy and I wanted to create something that complimented that.”
For Leigh-Anne’s strappy sports bra, panelled tights and performance top, brights are a top priority:
“This time I decided to go for a tropical print – I love anything tropical so I thought Let’s go for something that reflects that’. This is my favourite shape for me personally as well, it’s my go-to legging and crop now.”
And for Perrie’s sports bra, crop top, and block-patterned tights, the finer details really stand out:
“I love the simplistic but bold colours used across my range, with the waist bands that match the crop top and sports bra. I also love the big chunky zip on my sports bra, that’s definitely my favourite item.”
Custom-made to wear as coordinating sets or mix-and-match separates, the girls’ flexible vision of athleisure makes every piece perfect for the gym, jogging around the park or intense yoga sessions. And the fusion of fierce design with snug, comfortable materials mean the range is also ideal for lunch dates with mates, leisurely shopping trips and lazy days chilling at home. After all, when sportswear looks this good, why limit it to workouts?
Available at sportsdirect.com and usapro.co.uk, the collection is available in ladies’ adult sizes from 6-16, with prices starting at just £8!Robin M. Grossinger
2017<<
Sycamore Alluvial Woodland: Habitat Mapping and Regeneration Study. SFEI Contribution No. 816.2017.
Tijuana River Valley Historical Ecology Investigation. Prepared for the State Coastal Conservancy. A Report of SFEI-ASC’s Resilient Landscapes Program. SFEI Contribution No. 760. San Francisco Estuary Institute - Aquatic Science Center : Richmond, CA. p 230.2017.
_11<<
Ecological implications of modeled hydrodynamic changes in the upper San Francisco Estuary: Phase II Technical Memorandum. SFEI Contribution No. 786.2016.
_14<<
Mission Bay Historical Ecology Reconnaissance Study: Data Collection Summary and Initial Findings (Presentation).2016.
Primary Production in the Delta: Then and Now. San Francisco Estuary and Watershed Science 14 (3).2016. Vision: Integrating ecological functions and flood protection within a climate-resilient landscape. SFEI Contribution No. 764.2015.
Operationalizing Landscape Resilience: Enhancing Biodiversity and Ecological Function at the Landscape Scale.2015.
Re-Plumbing the East Bay: Opportunities to Increase Bayshore Resiliency and Reduce Infrastructure Vulnerability (Poster).2015.
Shifting Shores: Marsh Expansion and Retreat in San Pablo Bay. SFEI Contribution No. 751.
_35<<.
_39<<.
_49<<.
Sisu fascinates me. It’s that Uptown club with the pool. At least I think it’s a club. Whatever. It has a pool. And young people go there and drink and wear very little clothing. Not really my kind of place. Which is why I’m seriously giving some thought to going.
Anyway, over on our Nightlife section, there’s a photo gallery from Sisu that deserves your attention. I encourage you to flip through every image. When you’re done, see if you can guess which is my favorite.
Recent Commentsplanetacam.ru receives about n/a unique visitors and n/a (n/a per visitor) page views per day which should earn about n/a/day from advertising revenue. Estimated site value is n/a. According to Alexa Traffic Rank planetacam.ru is ranked number 785,334 in the world and n/a of global Internet users visit it. Site is hosted in n/a and links to network IP address n/a.
sponsored links
About - planetacam.ru
N/ARunning a small business is tough and come with long hours and lots of hard work. It is a continuous cycle of making calculated decisions based on assumptions with the hopes it will be the right decision for your business and drive it forward. When it comes to equipment financing and borrowing money for your business, you want to ensure you are making informed decisions and getting the right financial products for what you are trying to achieve.
Here are some common mistakes to avoid with regards to equipment financing and leasing for your business:
Not Having a Plan
If you are going to be borrowing money to finance equipment for your business, you need to have a plan beforehand. The plan should ensure how and why you are going to borrow the money and use it in your business, what return you are going to get on borrowing the money, and how you are going to pay it back. As part of your business planning, you should be forecasting out growth and anticipate expenses as your business grows and matures. The longer the time in business, the easier forecasting becomes and you start to see trends and cycles within your business. A best practice may include have an annual plan broken down to quarters and evaluated weekly and monthly to gauge performance and progress against what you are looking to achieve.
Saving the Business with a Loan
Every business will have financially good and bad times, which is why it is very important to manage your finances wisely during the good times. Some folks do not do this very well and end up in a very bad fiscal situation. So bad in fact, they need to choose between layoffs, paying bills or closing down. So, they decide to get a business loan. The only problem with that is, unless you address the problems that lead to you cash crunch in the first place, you will end up in the same spot you were in. That is unless you make a plan to increase your return on the investment. Understanding that loans are not free money and must be paid back with interest on top. Do not take out a loan just to pay your bills. Only borrow money when you have a plan of how to pay it back, and have it make money for you.
Not Reading the Terms & Conditions
An equipment financing and leasing contract, and its associated terms and conditions typically are pretty straight forward. However, like anything else it pays to do your homework and understand what you are committing to and ensure it is aligned with your business goals. Make sure you fully read and understand all of the terms and conditions laid out in the contract. Such as, length, early cancellation fee, payment schedule, insurance requirements, administration fees, etc. If there are any grey areas in the contract make sure you ask questions and do not sign until you have the answers.
Here is a breakdown of some of the major terms and conditions that could impact your business:
a.; in other cases it could be fair market value (“FMV”)..
b. Terms of Repayment
Equipment financing and equipment leasing companies are great at structuring transactions to fit the needs of their clients.
c. Administration Fees
Nearly all equipment financing.
d. Insurance
Almost all leases need to be insured. Some equipment.
e. Additional Fee’s & Charges
All equipment.
Not Doing Your Homework
Equipment financing and leasing is widely used by all types and sizes of business to acquire equipment they need to run and grow their operations and that is why it is important to find the best equipment financing company to work with and spend some time researching which partner may be best for you. Just like any other business, equipment financing companies tend to be lean into certain market segments better and thus have a better understanding of what their customers may require.
Here are some questions and places to start while researching prospective equipment financing companies:
-
Once you have some names of some equipment financing.
Here is a directory of Equipment Financing & Leasing Companies
Borrowing Money for the Sake of Borrowing Money
Don’t borrow money if you don’t need the money or have a plan for it. Borrowing money should be treated like any other tool you use in your business; it has a defined purpose to get a job done that is much bigger than itself. Borrowing money or financing equipment because of a promotion is not a good enough reason to deviate from your business plans. Often offers of 0% or don’t pay for 90 days, etc. are tempting but getting something, you don’t need can ultimately be a costly mistake and stressful on the business and cash flow. Many times, offers are repeated so be mindful of this and when the timing is right you can borrow or purchase at that time.
Not Using the Right Financing Products
Having the right partners and advice can be crucial to advising your business on what type of financing products you should be using to finance equipment. There are other financial instruments available to finance equipment for your business, but they may not necessary be what is best. Other financial considerations could include business loans, lines of credit, and bank loans, but by far, equipment financing and leasing is the most prominent at the dealer level where you are actually purchasing the equipment from. The equipment dealer should be knowledgeable about your business, your needs, and any financial options that are available to your business for financing the equipment they sell.
You wouldn’t tow your boat with a motorcycle; you would use a truck, and you wouldn’t use a raft to send shipping containers across the ocean. So why would you use personal financing debt to acquire equipment for your business?
Using the wrong financing product to finance equipment for your business can have negative impacts on you and your business.
Next Step to Getting Approved For
Organize and Manage your Small Business Financing & Insurance for FreeEpisode 20 – JEFF JULY 2021: Jeff the Killer Rewrite 2015
Nonna Roy and returning Jeffspert Sam are kicking off the first ever JEFF JULY with K. Banning Kellum's """""award"""""-winning 2015 REWRITE! Featuring: Parental bedrooms; a ten-year-old boxer; tough (noun); the shady(?) origins of this contest; plus, syrup. Noise Space | Patreon | Discord | Twitter | Roy | SamBuffalo (0-1) vs. North Texas (1-0)
The Super Pit, Denton, Texas; Monday, 8 p.m. EST
BOTTOM LINE: North Texas plays Buffalo in an early season matchup. Buffalo fell short in an 88-76 game at Michigan on Wednesday. North Texas is coming off an 84-53 win at home over Oklahoma Christian on Tuesday.
DID YOU KNOW: Buffalo went 1-3 against non-conference programs last season. In those four games, the Bulls gave up 81.3 points per game while scoring 79.3 per outing. North Texas went 4-5 in non-conference play, averaging 70.8 points and allowing 64.8 per game in the process.
___
For more AP college basketball coverage: and
___
This was generated by Automated Insights,, using data from STATS LLC,
Copyright © 2021 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.About Me
We matched!
Best Pick up Lines. Sorry it took me so long to message you, I was at Whole Foods trying to figure out what you like for breakfast.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. There goes our rundown of the most hilarious pick-up lines on Tinder. Related Articles.
If we were at home, cuddling on a rainy Sunday morning, what would we have for breakfast? Inspirationfeed Inspiring and educating bright minds from around the world. Maybe you can help me. Whether you are in a relationship, out of a relationship, or trying to get into one, you are likely already acquainted with pick-up lines.
Sorry, the position for Spanish teacher has been filled. Last Updated on July 14, Whether you are in a relationship, out of a relationship, or trying to get into one, you are likely already acquainted with pick-up lines.
The following are some of the funniest tinder pick-up lines you can use to win a girl over. I bet you a cocktail your personality is even better than your looks too!
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question? When using pick-up lines, the unwritten rule is that the cuter and more hilarious the lines are, the higher your chances of winning the girl.
Pick-up lines serve numerous purposes in the dating world. I bet you use Crest.
Are you the SAT? Was your father a boxer, or did you just get lucky with the gene pool? Do you ever just lie down at night, look up at the stars and think about all the messed up things in the world?
They say Tinder is a s game… so can I get your ? Add more glamor to your Tinder dating experience by implementing some of these cute and creative liners.
Remodeling Contractors
Sherwood Oregon
Ready To Remodel?
Are you considering remodeling your Sherwood Home? Uncertain of where to get started? Give Steve’s Home Improvement a call at (503) 342-8234 and we can help you with every stage of the process.
Adding value to your home
One of the main reasons homeowners start thinking about remodeling their home is so they make more money at the time of sale. In fact, remodeling budgets are increasing as homeowners expect to make back their remodeling costs at resale time. Additionally, remodeled homes usually tend to sell quicker and for a premium price in comparison to homes with older baths and kitchens. Then again a higher resale value is not the only reason why a homeowner would choose to remodel their home.
Your home is an investment
Many homeowners today are deciding to remodel their present homes rather than selling them off to buy better homes. Though the real estate market has recovered, some of the consequences of the recession are still being felt. However, remaining in your current home also has its advantages, particularly the fact that you get to save on the amount of time that you would have spent searching for a new house. When you upgrade your home you get to make it just the way you want as opposed to hoping to come across what you want someplace else. It is genuinely a much less nerve-racking situation, and has a tendency to lead to more contentment.
When it’s essential
If you have a expanding family, your house has to expand with it. That is when remodeling is required. It may be something as simple as needing more closet space, or trying to find the best design to use the space you have now. On the other hand,<<
Sherwood Remodeling Services:
Home Additions
You love your home and neighborhood. For one reason or another you just need more room, and more efficient use of space.
Making significant home improvements, such as adding an extra room or garage, could make a big difference in how much you enjoy your home and in its value, as well.
By incorporating your ideas with our expertise and creativity, we will build an end-product that will fulfill your practical needs and your aesthetic goals, too. We guarantee each homeowner the ultimate level of integrity, qualify and commitment available in the residential design-build sector today. We have strict standards of professionalism, and expect nothing but the best from our team. We will take care of every facet of your remodeling project from start to finish.
Kitchen
An outdated kitchen can really hurt the perceived value of a home, in addition to decreasing its efficiency. One major consideration, for instance, is whether or not you are making the most efficient use of your space. The best kitchens are the most functional, and this will be affected by factors such as the placement of your fridge or the shape and size of your counter.
For some reason the importance of kitchen lighting can often times be disregarded. If you are not getting enough light you might consider moving the windows to allow more direct sunlight.
Small children or a growing family generally can increase the requirements of the kitchen and lead to essential renovation. Sometimes an outdated kitchen can even be a safety hazard for small children if it included older appliances and outdated designs. If you want to host more parties in your home you may discover that you need to update to a more open kitchen design to allow greater social interaction. On the other hand, as you grow older you may decide to renovate your kitchen to increase its safety.
When talking with realtors they will all acknowledge that out of every room in the house the kitchen makes the biggest impact on home buying decisions. This suggests decide what among your needs and wants is most important.
Bathroom
Recently the trend has been to live in the same house for a longer time. This has lead to bathroom remodeling being more common not only for visual appeal, but for usability. Most people begin their day in their bathroom, and having to look at the same cracked tiles every morning is far from ideal. Not to mention that bathroom fixtures can leak or break and in time lead to much bigger problems. Water damage can be a pricey issue, and mold can lead to severe health conditions.
Potential buyers place a lot of significance on a newly designed bathroom. This means that spending money on bathroom remodeling could really help your home sell faster, and in most cases, you also get to recoup a large percentage of your investment. On the other hand, resale value is not the only reason to renovate your bathroom. You may have no thoughts of moving, but simply want your own quiet oasis. A custom built bath tub or shower makes for a relaxing time when preparing for your day or relaxing from a hectic workday.
Basement
If you are fortunate enough to have a basement in your home, that suggests you have quite a bit of unfinished real estate at your fingertips, and you should really make the most of it. Because it is very often left unfinished, actually finishing your basement can have a huge impact on your home’s resale value and draw in more possible buyers. A basement offers both creative and functional uses. The choices to utilize the space are almost unlimited. We can help you choose the best use of space. There really is no reason to let your basement go unused.
Get professional help
The reason so many people leave their basement unfinished is that the process can be extremely difficult. When you renovate a basement you have to consider electrical, plumbing, HVAC, drywall installation, and even flooring. As such, it is really important to work with highly skilled professionals like you would any other major remodeling project. Even so, this is one of the best kept secrets in space expansion and delivers significant rewards from a financial perspective as well as improving your quality of living.
Countertop choices
When thinking about your budget for remodeling your bathroom or kitchen, you want to attempt to get the most value out of every dollar spent. With many different styles, materials and colors, multiple aspects such as maintenance, and durability that can help you narrow down which countertop choices are right for you. You also need to make sure that the countertop you choose will match your design style. What’s more, while every countertop material comes with its practical and aesthetic features, you still need to decide whether each fits into your layout and budget. Marble is a sure winner among countertops, but its cost may not fit all budgets. Granite countertops, while just as beautiful also carry a similar price tag. Wood and concrete on the other hand can be a visually pleasing alternative which are much more reasonably priced.
Don’t trust your home to amateurs
No matter which room in your home you want to upgrade, it is important to work with professionals. A professional renovator will not only help you get the most bang for your buck, but will also ensure you enjoy peace of mind throughout the entire process. As professional remodeling contractors with years of experience we will assist you with all aspects of your remodeling job, from design to implementation.
If you intend to remodel your Sherwood home soon, Steve’s Home Improvement would be happy to offer you our skilled services. We have a verified track record of successfully finishing all sizes of remodeling jobs on time and under budget. If you require help at any point during this process we have the experience and the know how to point you in the right direction and make sure that you are satisfied.
For all your home remodeling needs give Steve’s Home Improvement a call at (503) 342-8234 Today.
CCB# 185266Okay,!”
Lord Dodo is most grateful to Philofaxy (and Laurie) for the opportunity to see his most marvellous wares enter the realm of the cool (Filofax). Stay cool and sophisticated on the outside and organise with a riot of fun and colour and witty amusement on the inside - just a thought! The stickers (just launched) are a lot of fun and cover all sorts - they may/will even get the kids helping to plan their own organizational stuff - like a sticker to show the start of the school term, another one for exams (and another for 'school's out'!). There are stickers for weddings, christenings, visits to the doctor or dentist, travel etc. etc. Enjoy!Tim Leberecht: 3 Ways to (Usefully) Lose Control of Your Brand
In his TED Global talk filmed earlier this year, Tim Leberecht tells us that companies are losing control. And in just over six minutes, he gives us three useful ways brands can embrace that fact. Let’s see what we can learn about delivering an effective presentation from this short talk.
Design
Most of Leberecht’s slides are well designed, as they employ large visuals and few words. However, some of the slides fell into the trap of having too many words on them. For several of the slides, Leberecht simply reads exactly what’s on the slide. He would have done better to just put one or two words on the slide, or remove the type altogether. Simply tell your audience what you want them to know. Don’t be needlessly repetitive by placing the exact words you say aloud on the slide accompanying you.
Content
A notable strength of Leberecht’s talk is his content. He does a great job of organizing his information into three objectives, and he also excels at keeping the objectives short and sweet. The main point of his talk (“companies are losing control”) is clear from the beginning, and he reinforces that point by repeating it more than once. We marvel at any TED talk that’s close to the six-minute mark, and Leberecht doesn’t sacrifice any power or memorability by keeping his talk short. He cites a plethora of examples in support of his main points, and he does well to use recognizable, admired brands (Hulu, Microsoft, Patagonia) to connect with his audience.
Delivery
Leberecht also excels in his delivery. He’s a good speaker: calm, cool and collected. And he speaks at a relaxed, borderline slow, pace throughout the talk. While we appreciate his chill demeanor, we would have liked to see a little more enthusiasm from him. At one point, he asks, “But are they really?” which is a question that should be asked in an incredulous tone. Leberecht fails to add inflection to his voice, though, so the question falls flat. Make sure you add emotion and enthusiasm to your voice when appropriate. Be colloquial and conversational. You’d add an incredulous tone to a question in everyday conversation, so make sure you do it in your presentation.
What do you think of Leberecht’s talk? Watch the entire talk here.
» Login or register now to comment!
- Feed: {Empty title}
- Original article
Other Posts by Scott Schwert
-Says declare martial law. Federalize the Missouri National Guard to protect people as they protest.”
Here’s a full emailed statement sent out by Lewis’ office a few minutes ago:
.”
***
On the topic of militarization, Reason.com and several other outlets are pointing to this YouTube video – until days ago posted on the website of the Doraville, Ga., police department – as an example of how suburban SWAT teams view themselves:
***
Meanwhile, U.S. Rep. Hank Johnson, D-Lithonia, is trying to rally support on Capitol Hill to curtail the distribution of military surplus to local cops, amid images from Ferguson, Mo., of armored divisions of police quelling protests.
Johnson plans to introduce the Stop Militarizing Law Enforcement Act in September, and expects the shooting death of a black Ferguson teenager in an altercation with police and the police response will help gin up support — even though Johnson has been working on the issue for months. Johnson told colleagues in a letter that the bill will do two things:
- It will limit the type of equipment that can be transferred;
- It will require that states certify that they can account for all equipment.
Johnson notes that local departments are getting free Mine-Resistant Ambush-Protected vehicles (MRAPs) from the Pentagon with what he says is not enough accountability:
.”
This could become a bipartisan cause. Presidential hopeful U.S. Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., wrote an op-ed for Time along the same lines:
.”
To Charo369
Finally someone who is intelligent. Bravo, well said.
If the protesters message was truly the message the looters wanted to send it would have played out differently.
They wouldn't be looting and we'd be calling them insurgents. An insurgent is one who rises in revolutionary manner. They would be insurgents because they would be attacking the "appropriate" target, colloquially "the man" represented by the police. Looters are not sorry excuses for insurgents. They are uncivilized degenerates a hazard to all civilized people. They interfere with real social discussion … they cast a dark cloud on the peaceful protesters message. Looters really are thieves because they steal the citizen's opportunity to be heard in a timely manner.
Well the man is showing up tonight … with armor and over whelming firepower. "It might get sticky tonight … " someone in authority warned.
The curfew was lifted but the MOARNG will be on the street with police. The soldiers will make sure no one goes from "looter" to "insurgent" while the police are rounding up the people physically destroying the community.
Sorry looters, property destruction and theft is not the way we will resolve our unequal application of force and law against people with dark skin. It's real, it's 2014 and the time has come to rid our justice system of the systemic racism. If you haven't looked lately it hasn't changed a bit. Dark skinned people are still getting unequal treatment, it's being tracked and measured and it's "in our face". We do have a message to hear but it is not from the looters, its from the protesters.
The police are paid to fill out reports concerning multiple crimes, no to put their life on the line for meat and potatoes and a little wine. they can't protect their self against a lie. Do you know of any crimes that have been completely abolished at all. War on drugs (fail) on immigrants (fail) drunk drivers (fail) and so forth.
If you read history you will see martial law is and has been a failure. And who behind a gun will make the decision to shooter a looter ( define a looter ) and how could anyone be absolutely sure who is the looter, I'm sure a good guess is good enough.
It seems a lot of people agrees with china " run them over with a tank " it's legal and perfectly fine as long as your ordered too.
By the way how old do you have to be to be shot as a looter, and do pregnant women count also, or is that 2 for.
Hey John Federalize the Texas National Guard and protect the border first.
First what is an african american any thing like irish american, jewish american, jamaican american or cuban american? I was taught that there was only one true american and they were the ones that all our ancestors killed, raped ,stole and tried to committed genocide on. Enough of that.
Everyone just needs to step back and understand the reason these african american people are reacting the way they are is because they can't convey their demands in a civilized manner. The education system has failed them, they are unable to articulate their ideas in the english language so they revert to the only way they can express them selves which is with violence. And as any intelligent being knows you can only fight ignorance and violence with violence. they has to be a winner ( ask any solider).
Through out our history, violence has always been the solution to ignorance an violence. The only people that has been harmed so far are the Innocent ones, who have no one to protect them, but to protect the evil that has descended on the people of ferguson.
So far no one has or it seems will take control or vanquish the evil that has festered on the people of ferguson.
It seems that GOD may have the right idea. You think.
@Iknowall Everyone need to step back and understand that Europeans infected the indigenous indian in this country with disease, alcohol and then proceeded to take their land afterwards by the vessel of wars and genocide. What in my narrative is civilized? Disease, infested, alcohol, war or genocide? Did God have the answer then? The pot calling the kettle black. Just saying.
"It's time 'African Americans' became Americans along with the rest of us". @patriotdog You don't say. @patriotdog from the race of the oppressor is complaining because the oppressed found a way out which finally made things equal. We have been Americans for over 400 years now so we do not have to become Americans we already are. African Americans are the most patriotic people in this country because we have fought wars (old and new), cried, laughed, vote/voted for, hell even celebrate holidays of people, places and things that did not and that still does not serve our best interest. African Americans have done so and still do so because we are Americans. Who would have thought?
I've always said, in police departments there is a fine line between cops and robbers. SOme of these guys are way out there and would welcome a military style gov't…
It appears from all the right wingers' comments here that John Lewis should just shut up. Apparently they feel that michelle bachnann, sara palin, john and lindsay mccain (such an adorable couple, can't wait for them to win DWTS) the pox news talking heads and the other tp's are the only people in the US that should be allowed to express an opinion. After all, that is what made Amerka great, the suppression of black folks' voices and any opinion that did not paint white people as saviors of the world, who can do no wrong. amirite?
130
Who the hell woke Lewis up anyway ?
See what you started.
It's not that I disagree with Lewis on this particular issue, it's that the man cannot follow the law himself when he protests. Should society just allow him and anyone he thinks as having the right and pure thoughts do as they will until their desires be granted? I have a good feeling what the opinion of a lot in Atlanta is--"yes".
Which is why I will not be an Atlantan again.
@PSWallace Yeah...so? No one cares. Move it along.
Can't we all just get along?
One thing John Lewis has always done and still does do is bring out every ignorant bigot in the United States. One thing they bring out in me when they rear their ugly heads is a pure can of whoop a$$. Call me racist, call me what you want but my grandfather (WWI), my father (Vietnam), my uncle (WWI, WWII and Korea) fought for me to say what I want, when I want to, and however I want too. They fought wars for a country that did not want them so I do not feel your pain when you cry and whine about reverse racism. How the hell can someone from a race of people that has never been oppressed know what it's like to be oppressed so how the hell can you criticize John Lewis unless your motive is racist?
@RangeRover
MLK would be embarrassed to be around he and Jessie today.
(sigh)
Got proof?
@RangeRover @StraightNoChaser I don't depend on no one sir. The only thing that black folk in this country still have left is our history after that we have nothing else. We are the only race of people in this country that have adopted to every other culture in this country. We accommodate everyone but our own race. So excuse the hell out of me if I want to hang onto to our history but you sir do not get to accuse me of anything because you are just meeting me and you do not know a damn thing about me. That is why I called you European because you are acting just like one right now. John Lewis reminds them of what they want to forget but we are not going to let them forget it's part of our history rather you like it or not. What you choose to do with your history is your business but I want to hold on to mine. Just for the record the federal government has never given me personally a damn thing I have worked a$$ of for everything. Like I said my family has fought wars for this country that spit on them and had separate everything waiting for them when they returned from overseas.
@RangeRover
had Hitler won
Godwin's Law.
Just sayin'
@StraightNoChaser
Fari enough, and I apologize for the "dope" comment.
I'm not a John Lewis fan, nor anyone collected a taxpayer paycheck for being nothing but a race cheerleader. He's no MLK who advocated peace, education and honor. MLK would be embarrassed to be around he and Jessie today. Plus, I'm sick of hearing about what he did in the 60's...what is is doing today?
@RangeRover @StraightNoChaser For the record, I don't equate John Lewis with Jesse Jackson or Al Sharpton. I'm fine with anyone who holds a different opinion.
@Kamchak
This was an opinion, goober!
@StraightNoChaser
You're such an ignorant dope!
Do you have any idea how many white people fought and died for your freedom from slavery and freedom after slavery? Add up the civil war, WWI and WWII total white casualties and you're talking millions. Without them, your butt would be dead had Hitler won...he almost did!
@RangeRover @StraightNoChaser You sure seem to think you know exactly what others believe. You're damn special.
@RangeRover @StraightNoChaser Oh give it a rest.
@StraightNoChaser
I repeat: @StraightNoChaser First of all I highly doubt you're Native but I'll humor you for a bit just to dissect your condescending and hypocritical remarks:
'You depend on people like AL, Jessie and John to do and get for you what you're incapable or willing to do or get for yourself. Not me...I believe in earning it and take great pride in doing so.' .....But wait a minute....didn't you just speak about living on reservations? Who gave those to you? Don't worry, I'll wait....
THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT! That's who! So I suggest you point the finger before you point the thumb on the gift giving here, buddy. Not that hard to be a 'doer' when you're the decedent of a long line of 'takers' now now it? The natives have taken far more handouts than any other ethnic group in America. I'm not saying it isn't warranted, I'm saying you shouldn't go around attempting to shame others because they were victimized by the same people.
No one is accusing whites of what happened to our ancestors. We are, however, accusing them of re-enforcing the standard that was created by their ancestors. The standard that was created to keep us out, to keep us naked, to keep us in chains. To any white person that has turned their eye to the events that are happening in Ferguson (which is my neighborhood btw) they are the very people we are speaking about.
@RangeRover @StraightNoChaser If you read my post you would see I acknowledged the sacrifice of white people as well so you are the ignorant dope. Shall we say you put the cart before the wagon, sir. There is no excuse for racism to still exist in the country too much blood has been shed and it's time to move on but moving on does not mean that I have to forget my history. I am not going to do that, my children are not going to forget and neither will my grandchildren. White people have a history in this country and so do black people accept it and move on but stop calling us racist every time John Lewis comes on television and we respect him because of what he did do for my people.
Our Constitutional right to guns is going to kill us.
@NWGAL The Constitution doesn't kill people. Incredibly selfish idiots kill people.
If the citizens of Ferguson don't like their police force there are peaceful political processes in place to address the issue. Apparently most of the 70% black residents didn't see the majority white police force as a priority problem on election day, or when they moved in.
Not sure what you are driving at. That is what is being reported.
First, I would not jump to the conclusion race matters. Second, if it did and it bothered me as a resident I would find out if it bothered other people, like my neighbors. Third, this isn't a secret in the St. Louis area.
@DawgDadII
Then, precisely what is your point?
@DawgDadII
Where do most communities post those numbers?
@DawgDadII
When you 'move into a community' where is the sign that says "70% Black but only 5% of police officers are Black"?
@honested @DawgDadII He doesn't have one. He's a troll.
@DawgDadII Police officers aren't elected, Einstein. Do you know the percentage breakdown of whites and blacks on your city/county law enforcement department?
Doesn't it make you proud that shrub wasted trillions of tax dollars manufacturing urban combat equipment in volumes much greater than necessary for his foolish Iraqi War of Choice knowing he could 'gift' it to local police departments that were heavily staffed with unqualified goobers returning from said war of choice with no skills but to kill other people.
What other result would we have expected?
By the way, where is Lewis' outrage at the New Black Panthers' call for violence? Seems our boy OBama's hope and change has changed race relations from fair to fragile. Pea brained arse.
@patriotdog You are profoundly stupid.
What do I wish in situations like this? That both sides would take a breath and then come back and speak openly.
Too often, race (and the Al Sharptons who capitalize on it) form the distraction that prevents real change. On a very basic level, this is a situation where a police force does not view its citizens as citizens, but as potential enemies. And it could likely be said that the citizens view the police with equal fear/anger. I'm just now reading that Governor Jay Nixon is having The Highway Patrol take over security in Ferguson. That's a great start. Now, we need an honest dialogue. Each side needs to work with the other. Folks, you're on the same team!! It won't be easy, but consider talking with individual police officers -- heck, take a cop to lunch. I'm fairly sure the police would enact more community relations efforts if they are not rebuffed. Let's admit that we've all made serious mistakes. Let's stop the anger and work to stop the bloodshed. That's what I wish.
@CmdrR1962
Community relations?
That takes work, and you don't get to shoot anybody!
@honested @CmdrR1962 Hard work? Oooh, we don't do that anymore in America. We want to Tweet our pithy opinions and eat food that comes with a label.
YES, it's hard. Read history. Every time new Americans arrived, it was hard... sometimes bloody. But, that's the people we are. We are NOT gun-totin' paranoid maniacs. At least I hope not.
@CmdrR1962 @honested
As the old 'Thermos Greenwood' song ("Who Gave the Monkey A Gun") about a small town police officer:
"His body grew up but his mind stayed small, he wants to be a cop just like in Walking Tall"
and another line
"And if you're a police officer and you're tired of looking bad, remember that this clown is ruining every chance you had".
Where is the outrage from this goon for all the black on black killing? Just another scumbag politician trying to stay relevant!
@cmac22 I'm outraged against black on black, white on white, racism etc. "Can we all just get along?"
Well, Lewis might be right in this instance...a rarity. For the most part, he, Jackson, Sharpton, et al do more to harm race relations than help.
Stop using slavery as an excuse. Scholarships abound that are ONLY meant for blacks, which is unlawful if only for whites. Colleges exist that are for blacks only...again, unlawful if for whites only.
And, have you ever heard of the Congressional White Caucus, or Miss White America? No, because it's unlawful.
The Irish had it as bad or worse when they first came to the U.S. and got over it. It's time 'African Americans' became Americans along with the rest of us.
John Lewis is the biggest do-nothing to collect a taxpayer check...never worked or earned an honest day's pay in his life.
@RangeRover
You must never have met tom price, lynn westmoreland, tom graves, johnny isakson or shady deal.
@RangeRover he's collecting a check for all the beatings at the hands of ignorant white folk back in the 60's.
@mic404 @RangeRover WRONG! John Lewis is still living in the 60's. When the 2 white college students in Knoxville TN were carjacked, tortured, raped, and murdered by 5 blacks a few years ago, I did not hear one peep from Jesse, Al, or John. Give the Race Card a big rest, will you? Its old....very old.
@SlawDawg @mic404 @RangeRover Who gives a f__k what did your folk do when he was getting the hell beat out of him? I know your family did not just start in the 21st century. What contributions did your people make to the civil rights movement because there were a lot of white people who did help. Cry me a river.
@StraightNoChaser He paved the way for my black a$$ to be able to achieve what I have in this life so if he is a big do nothing now he earned it. He got the hell beat out of him and he was not even a boxer. Of course when you have always had access to white privilege you would not understand where I am coming from BROTHER!Image July 22, 2021 Press ReleaseWASHINGTON — Congresswoman Yvette Herrell (R-NM) has introduced the Securing the Homeland from International Entrants with Life-threatening Diseases (SHIELD) Act, legislation which will preserve America's ability to protect its borders from a surge of COVID-19 cases. Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) introduced the Senate version of the bill. "As Americans struggle to free themselves from the last draconian lockdowns and mandates, the Biden Administration and its allies seek to eliminate Title 42, the public health rule that keeps more cases of Covid from entering our country and starting new outbreaks," said Rep. Herrell. "The SHIELD Act would codify Title 42 and require border officials to promptly return illegal immigrants who threaten to spread the coronavirus." Customs and Border Protection reported 188,829 encounters at America's southern border in June, the "largest number in a single month in recent history," according to the New York Times. The Rio Grande Valley sector in Texas has seen a 900% increase in COVID-19 cases among illegal immigrants in recent weeks.The bill text can be found here."Title 42 has been an integral and extremely successful measure to protect America's borders and our people during the COVID-19 pandemic," said Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX). "If the Biden-Harris policy for open borders is intended to reverse the.""Title 42 is our last line of defense protecting us from the total collapse of our southern border,” said Rep. Brian Babin (TX-36). “The fact that the Biden administration is even considering ending this policy is ludicrous and frankly negligent as we continue in the fight against COVID-19 and a historic border crisis. I’m proud to support the SHIELD Act with my House and Senate colleagues to ensure Title 42 remains securely in place.” “Title 42 is an effective public health measure that has helped reduce the spread of COVID-19 into the United States from outside our borders," said Rep. David Kustoff (TN-8). "As the national security and humanitarian crisis at our southern border continues to escalate under President Joe Biden and his administration, it is important we provide our brave border agents with all the necessary resources and tools they need to be successful. Ultimately, until the pandemic is fully over, border health protections must remain in place.” “Title 42 was ordered by the Trump administration at a time when our nation was in a health crisis," said Rep. Steven Palazzo (MS-4). It allowed our border patrol officers and local law enforcement to use the resources necessary to remove illegal invaders and prevent the spread of the COVID-19 virus. Today, our country is again in crisis; a humanitarian crisis. While hard narcotics and bad actors are flooding into our country, President Biden plans to remove this protection and jeopardize the health and safety of Americans and the men and women defending our border. I’m proud to support the SHIELD Act which defends our law enforcement, protects Americans, and offers solutions to Biden’s Border Crisis.” “Every state is a border state now, including Missouri, and we need Title 42 to address the increase of illegal immigrants coming across our border, especially with the Delta variant that has surged across the country,” said Rep. Ann Wagner (MO-2).The SHIELD Act is cosponsored by Rep. Brian Babin, D.D.S. (TX-36), Rep. Kat Cammack (FL-03), Rep. Lance Gooden (TX-05), Rep. Ann Wagner (MO-2), Rep. Jody Hice (GA-10), Rep. Marjorie Greene (GA-14), Rep. Scott DesJarlais, M.D. (TN-04) Rep. Greg Steube (FL-17), Rep. Jeff Duncan (SC-3), Rep. Byron Donalds (FL-19), Rep. Glenn Grothman (WI-06), Rep. Ashley Hinson (IA-01), Rep. Steven M. Palazzo (MS-4), Rep. Beth Van Duyne (TX-24), and Rep. David Kustoff (TN-8).###Canna - Aqua Flores A & B
£15.00
Canna Aqua Flores A+B – exuberant flowers with this booster for re-circulation grow systems at the flowering Flores improves the capacity of the plant to absorb more water and nutrients.
- Seaweed extract and silicon to boost plant health
- Humic and fulvic acids promote nutrient absorption
- Easy to use, readily dissolves
- 2 part formula avoids clogging
NPK 4 4 11
Caution! Only use for mid range water hardness - always check PH after mixing nutrients as final solution may change PH levels.Marlow Yachts
Marlow spared no effort or expense in building its largest yacht ever, Ice, the first Marlow Voyager 100 (100’ 5” LOA, 22’ 6” beam). Built of Kevlar and carbon fiber using Marlow’s proprietary Full Stack Infusion process, the hull is as strong as they come. Specifications are top of the line, such as cupronickel piping, custom climate control, and systems like waste heat recovery and tender refueling. There are even backups to the backups for all essential systems. The engine room is expansive with eight-foot headroom to allow full access to the Baudouin engines, chosen for their access to key internal components that would normally require the engine to be removed. Topping out at 22 knots and capable of 2,900 nm at 10 knots, they also deliver the quietest operation Marlow has witnessed in all their years. marlowyachts.com
ICE: 100′ 5″ LOA, 22′ 6″ beamA Register Closure signals the end of a shift on a register. For most stores, the end of a shift is the end of a day and allows you to compare what money the system has recorded versus what you actually received. Performing a Register Closure is especially important if you have an integrated accounting system or are in a banner group to which you send your scan data, as closing the register will activate the sending of your sales data. If there are multiple registers each register must be closed.
To Perform a Register Closure
- Select the Menu icon
- Select Close Register
- This screen shows the expected money in your drawer and several other useful pieces of information such as the returns and account sales this shift
- Enter the total amount of money you have received for each payment method
- Different payment methods have different calculation options available, for example the Cash payment method provides a calculator to assist you with counting your cash for each denomination and minusing the float from the total (see link for information on how to How to Set a Float for Each Day of the Week)
- Once you have entered all of your received amounts, select Close Register
After closing the register you will be brought to a reporting summary of the register closure and will be able to print out this summary if required, this summary will always be available for future reference under Reports > Register Closures in the Menu.
Please sign in to leave a comment.I went back and forth about whether or not to share this and what to say.
Today is the day that I celebrate my birthday—December 7. I learned as an adult, there are many of us adoptees who have unknowns in our records. For me, this day is confusing and difficult at times. While I want to celebrate and eat great food (I get to choose and it’s always Asian)🥰, eat yummy dessert, spend time with family, I also get emotional and reminded that my life before 4-27-83 is a mystery.
Today is also the day Delaware became the first state, and somehow I connect the two and tell myself there is a purpose and a reason why I am here!
As I grow older, I wonder what fears and subconscious feelings transpired as a result of this night. How was my behavior transformed by this event? How do I foster self-love, self-healing, and moving forward in spite of these unanswered questions and deep wounds?
I never had the words until now to really understand how this trauma has affected me and those around me. I subconsciously never thought I was worthy of love so I pushed people away and built walls for protection. Perhaps I need to build a fence with a gate, and not a brick wall that is 20 feet high…
I choose to work through this, and fight for peace, love, and joy in my heart. I choose to focus on the blessings and wonderful things and people I have in my life today—my family. My friends that I’ve made. These are my true birthday gifts and I am thankful for you all. #loveheals
Thank you for reading…
Spending time together in your spa can be a great way to get in quality family time. For possibly the first time all day, every single family member leaves their electronic devices behind and focuses on each other. Talking, laughing, playing games—whatever you do, one thing is sure to occur: family bonding! Your kids will love family hot tub night, and besides that, your spa can be a great learning experience for them as well. Though hot tub maintenance is designed to be as effortless as possible, it still gives you a chance to spark interest in science and even give them a leg up on their classes.
pH
You’ll be hard pressed to find a kid who doesn’t want to “help” you test the pH levels of your spa. Taking a sample of water, dipping a test strip in it, shaking the strip until, almost by magic, it changes color: this is the kind of experiment that introduces kids to science and the fact that it can be fun. In case it’s been a while since your own 8th grade Chemistry class, here’s a little refresher so you’ll be ready when your child says, “What’s the big deal about pH?”
This is the test that measures how acidic your water is using a scale from 0-14. Pure water is a 7 on the scale. A higher number is more basic and a lower number is more acidic. Too low of a pH and the acidity of the water can irritate your skin, cause swimwear and accessories to break down faster than normal, and corrode your hot tub. Too high of a pH and you’re likely to get itchy skin and see cloudy water and scale build up at your water line.
The range you’re shooting for is 7.2-7.8 with 7.4-7.6 being the optimal goal. You’d think your clean water coming out of your hose would be right around a 7, but it varies greatly depending on where you live. You want to check your spa’s pH weekly and modify accordingly.
Chlorination
Like it or loathe it, we all can recognize that classic chlorinated pool smell. But did you know that smell we all associate with swimming pools and hot tubs is not from the actual chlorine itself? Chlorine, while a champ at killing bad bacteria, doesn’t do its work alone. It’s not until it meets the hydrogen and oxygen in water that the magic happens. A compound called hypochlorous acid forms. When the hypochlorous acid meets bacteria in the water, chloramines are formed. While all of this is completely safe, chloramines do have one side effect you might find annoying. They’re smelly! And they are completely responsible for that classic swimming pool/spa smell we all know.
Contaminates
Sunscreen, fabric softener, leaves, even the soap on our skin all affect the condition of our spa water. This is why after a party with many guests using your hot tub, you’ll notice your water needs treated soon after. As these contaminants change the pH of your hot tub, make the water cloudy, or leave behind a film, you’ll have a chance to explain how they affected the water and what steps you’ll take to fix it. Before you know it, you’ll have a kid whose not only ready to handle a lot of your water maintenance tasks for you, but one who just might be interested in science!
Got more questions about water care or picking the best system for your hot tub? Contact us!
*A few things to remember about enjoying your spa with your kids: little ones under age 5 are more heat sensitive than the rest of us, so hot tubbing is not for them—yet. And we know this probably goes without saying, but please only let kids have access to water chemicals with adult supervision.Number of Food Stamp Recipients in North Dakota Increased in 2007
North Dakota participation in the federal Food Stamp Program averaged 45,122 people per month in fiscal year 2007 (based on preliminary data as of Jan. 30, 2008). The participation rate is up 6 percent, compared with the 42,576 monthly average for 2006. Nationally, participation in the Food Stamp Program decreased 0.7 percent between 2006 and 2007.
To participate in the program, households may not have more than $2,000 in countable resources, such as a bank account ($3,000 if at least one person in the household is age 60 or older or disabled). Certain resources, such as a home or lot, are not counted. Special rules are used to determine the resource value of vehicles.
The gross monthly income of most households must be at or below 130 percent of the federal poverty guidelines ($1,799 per month for a family of three in most places). There are some allowable deductions, such as child care, some shelter costs and other expenses. In addition, most able-bodied adult participants must meet certain work requirements.
This month’s “Economic Brief,” a monthly publication from the North Dakota State Data Center at North Dakota State University, focuses on the average monthly participation in the federal Food Stamp Program, along with the average monthly benefit per participant. The data were obtained from the U.S. Department of Agriculture Food and Nutrition Service.
Nearly $52 million in food stamp benefits were distributed to North Dakota participants in fiscal year 2007, up 12.3 percent from 2006.
“A large portion of our food stamp budget goes to children,” says Richard Rathge, State Data Center director. “For fiscal year 2007, nearly 47 percent of all food stamp recipients were 18 years old or younger.”
On average, Food Stamp Program participants in North Dakota each received $95.83 per month in fiscal year 2007, which is an increase of 5.9 percent from $90.47 in 2006. Nationally, participants each received an average of $95.64 per month in 2007, up 1.4 percent from $94.32 in 2006.
In an average month, food stamp recipients were 7.1 percent of North Dakota’s total population in 2007. In general, the state’s rural counties had the lowest proportion of food stamp recipients, while the counties with Native American reservations, which have a high poverty rate, had the highest. Nationwide, participants were 8.8 percent of the total population in 2007.
NDSU Agriculture CommunicationIndy DC Download: House committees begin work on Democrats’ $3.5 trillion social spending package
Good morning, and welcome to the Indy DC Download newsletter, a weekly look at what's going on in the nation's capitol as it relates to Nevada.
If a colleague or associate emailed this newsletter to you, please click here to sign up and receive your own copy of Indy DC Download in your inbox
Workers with new babies or those lending a hand with a sick family member can take up to 12 weeks of paid leave under legislation being considered by the House Ways and Means Committee as part of the Democrats’ $3.5 trillion social safety net measure.
Rep. Steven Horsford (D-NV), a panel member, said the paid leave provision would help people like Tameka Henry. A Las Vegas resident, Henry became an activist on the issue with progressive nonprofit Make It Work Nevada after she lost her job for taking time to care for her ailing husband.
“Tameka Henry, Make It Work Nevada, and the millions of Americans, particularly women that have tirelessly advocated for universal paid family and medical leave, I have heard you,” Horsford said at the hearing Thursday. “This committee has heard you and we will vote today to get us one step closer to providing universal paid family and medical leave to every working American in this country and to make it so that no one else has to lose a job or lose hundreds of thousands of dollars in earned wages to care for themselves, or a sick family member.”
The cost of the Ways and Means section of the so-called reconciliation bill, known as the Build Back Better Act, is still being determined while the panel settles on what taxes to raise to offset the measure’s price tag. The committee is expected to approve funding offsets on Tuesday.
The House’s reconciliation bill will be squared with any differences in the Senate version. The reconciliation process will allow the Senate to pass the final version on a simple majority and avoid a filibuster.
But first, Democrats in both chambers need to make sure they have the votes to pass the package. That includes winning over Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV), who has raised concerns about the $3.5 trillion price tag while ensuring that progressives, who are insisting on the $3.5 trillion top line, also back the bill. All 50 Senate Democrats will be needed to pass the measure. Speaker Pelosi cannot lose any more than three votes in the House to send the measure to President Joe Biden. Democratic leaders have given themselves until Thursday to finish drafting the bill.
Action in the Ways and Means Committee came as the House Natural Resources Committee approved its portion of the $3.5 trillion bill on a party-line 24 to 13 vote. The $25.6 billion measure included $2.5 billion to clean up and redevelop abandoned hard rock mines and impose new hard rock mining royalty, maintenance and reclamation fees.
The mining fees were a concern for Nevada Mining Association President Tyre Gray.
“Nevada mining operators would be severely impacted due to the amount of mining that occurs on federal land compared to other states and the retroactivity of the royalty being levied against existing operations,” Gray said. “Furthermore, such a plan would create a roadblock for the country’s movement towards a green energy economy and mineral independence. The proposal implicitly promotes mining in jurisdictions that do not follow the same environmental and civil standards that are enforced in Nevada.”
The House and Senate held no roll call votes. Both are on their August recess.
Paid leave
The panel approved the paid leave section of the package 24 to 19 with one Democrat, Rep. Stephanie Murphy (D-FL), a moderate, casting a ‘no’ vote over concern about the rushed process. Murphy voted against all provisions of the bill.
In a brief interview Friday, Henry said she was happy that Horsford had mentioned her during the markup and stressed that the COVID-19 pandemic had underscored the need for people to have access to paid leave.
“There have been so many families that have now been affected by this pandemic,” Henry said, adding that she, too, had previously contracted COVID-19.
”I've talked to so many families. They'll say that ‘I’ve got to get back to work because I don't have a way to pay my bills,’” she continued.
But Henry said that though the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), a law enacted in 1993, provides 12 weeks of unpaid leave to eligible workers, it does not help those who cannot afford not to work.
During the debate, Horsford said that 60 percent of workers in Nevada do not have access to FMLA, according to the National Partnership for Women and Families.
Horsford spoke out against a few GOP amendments, all of which were defeated. One was offered by Rep. Mike Kelly (R-PA) and would have delayed implementing the paid leave program for six months after the Treasury Department certifies that it can run the program. Kelly and his GOP colleagues argued that the agency does not have the expertise to take on the task.
But the Nevada Democrat deemed the proposal dilatory.
“I believe the [Treasury] secretary has the full ability to enact this legislation,” Horsford said. “But unfortunately your proposed amendment is simply an effort to create bureaucratic steps and to slow down the process. American workers have already waited far too long for paid family and medical leave.”
Another GOP amendment from Rep. Lloyd Smucker (R-PA) would have required individuals to be employed in the last 30 days and have an earnings history in at least four of the previous five quarters to receive paid leave benefits.
Under the bill, the individual must have worked in the quarter before receiving the benefit.
"It is better to use the most recent quarter data for verification of work," Horsford argued. "And that's what our bill does. It reduces errors; it prevents delays in getting benefits to the people who need it.”
The panel wrapped up its bill-drafting session Thursday with votes on a provision that would require businesses that do not provide a retirement benefit to automatically enroll their employees in IRAs or 401(k)-type plans. The provision was approved 22 to 20, with two Democrats voting against it.
It would also make the so-called savers’ credit more generous by making it refundable, meaning those without a tax liability could claim up to $500 from the federal government, which would go into a retirement account. Under current law, the credit allows low and moderate-income individuals to get up to a $500 reduction in their tax liability if they contribute up to $1000 to a retirement plan.
The committee also approved, 24 to 19, a provision that would provide grants to raise the wages of child care workers and improve child care facilities.
“People should be properly trained to work with our children,” Horsford said. “This is not something that you should do, unskilled and with low wages.”
He also cited a report from the liberal Center For American Progress that described Nevada's scarcity of child care. According to the report, 72 percent of Nevadans live in areas without enough child care facilities for the families that need them.
Dental, hearing and vision
During Friday’s bill-drafting session, Horsford backed a provision that would allow Medicare to offer dental, hearing and vision benefits. The committee approved the language 24 to 19.
“Right now older adults are suffering because Medicare doesn't cover essential parts of their health care,” Horsford said, adding that Nevada’s 300,0000 seniors would benefit.
In July, he helped introduce the Medicare Dental Coverage Act.
Rep. Devin Nunes (R-CA), a senior member of the panel, said that the provision represents a massive expansion of the Medicare program, which he said is already overburdened.
He also argued that providing those services could be done through Medicare Advantage, offered by private insurers, but wouldn’t “achieve a Democrat socialist takeover of the healthcare system,” Nunes said.
The committee approved a provision, 24 to 19, that would increase benefits and expand eligibility for the Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA) program — a federal initiative designed to support U.S. workers who lose employment due to increased imports.
For example, the measure would allow as few as one worker from a company to apply for TAA benefits rather than the current minimum of three.
The bill would also boost funding for the Health Profession Opportunity Grant (HPOG) program. HPOG provides education and training to Temporary Assistance for Needy Families recipients and other low-income individuals for occupations in the healthcare field that pay well and are expected to either experience labor shortages or be in high demand.
The legislation would boost funding to $425 million a year for five years, up from $85 million.
The panel also approved a provision to protect the elderly and people with disabilities in nursing homes, including funding elder justice programs that increase support for state and local adult protective services offices and long-term care ombudsman programs.
Miscellany
Several Democratic members of the state’s congressional delegation backed Biden’s vaccine mandate.
Sen. Catherine Cortez Masto (D-NV) said that it would help protect businesses and jobs in the state.
“We need to be doing everything we can to make sure businesses and schools stay open, protect Nevada jobs, and keep Nevadans safe,” she said in a statement from her office. “Vaccinations help us achieve that goal, and I will keep working to ensure our state has the resources to support our schools, businesses and communities.”
Biden directed the Department of Labor to issue a rule requiring businesses with 100 or more workers to require vaccinations or have unvaccinated workers produce weekly negative COVID-19 test results.
Former Attorney General Adam Laxalt, who is challenging Cortez Masto for her seat, called on her to denounce the mandate.
“Catherine Marie Cortez Masto must swiftly and strongly reject such an egregiously unconstitutional power grab,” his campaign said.
Horsford cited the need to curb the rise in cases in Nevada and across the nation driven by the highly contagious Delta variant.
“As the COVID-19 pandemic and the Delta variant surge in Nevada, Congressman Horsford agrees with the Vegas Chamber and major Nevada employers that widespread vaccination is essential for the state’s economic recovery," his office said. "Congressman Horsford supports President Biden’s action plan to require employees at companies with 100 or more workers to be tested weekly for COVID-19 or vaccinated against the virus.”
Rep, Susie Lee (D-NV) also backed the White House move.
“Like everyone else, I am sick and tired of the COVID-19 pandemic disrupting our lives, keeping our kids out of school and people out of work," Lee said in a statement from her office. "The president took this step because we need to get our vaccination rates up to get back to normal – it’s that simple.”
“Even before this announcement, we’d already seen many businesses here in southern Nevada, including casinos, rolling out vaccine requirements for their employees,” Lee continued.
Rep. Dina Titus (D-NV) agreed.
“I applaud these actions from @POTUS which will protect communities and help keep our economy on track,” she said in a tweet.
Also, Titus called on Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) and Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) to include language in the reconciliation bill that would provide a path to citizenship for those brought to the country illegally as children, known as DREAMers, those receiving Temporary Protected Status (TPS) and essential workers.
“In every state in the nation, undocumented workers make up a larger share of the workforce than they do the total population,” Titus wrote in a letter. “Indeed, using economic impact tools, Dreamers, TPS holders (including those individuals eligible for but not enrolled in TPS), farmworkers, and undocumented essential workers could contribute $121 billion to the economy each year if they were able to become U.S. Citizens.”
Her letter came as Senate Democrats made their case Friday to Senate parliamentarian Elizabeth MacDonough to allow them to include that provision in the bill. Under Senate rules, provisions in the reconciliation bill must directly impact spending or revenue and not merely an incidental effect. MacDonough will rule whether it meets the test.
For a full rundown of the measures the delegates supported or opposed this week, check out The Nevada Independent’s congressional vote tracker and other information below.August 22, 2014 1:00 am
An increasing number of Bollywood films are relying on VFX to add supplementry touches to their films, be it to recreate an era or simply enhance the natural surroundings. Screen takes a closer look at how VFX has become the way to go for most film-makers
February 07, 2014 5:14 pm
After the success of Eega, director S.S. Rajamouli is busy with the making of Baahubali. Apparently an amount of around Rs.85 crore will be spent on the special effects, making it the costliest VFX in Bollywood.
April 27, 2013 5:21 pm
Suparn Verma feels that the budget for special effects needs to be worked out before the actual making of a spooky flick.
May 06, 2012 12:11 am
Did you know that out of 154 million India viewers,140 million watch movies on television? The latest TAM data points that out,and keeping this in mind,Star is out with its new channel: Movies Ok world, including in schools.
The schoolgirl, whose name is not being released for privacy reasons, is one of 12 winners.
She is also among the 10 finalists from 10 different countries.
The schoolgirl will be given a scholarship to study in Australia.
The other winners are:Australian schoolgirl Niamh R. Jones, 18, winner of the 2018 Australian Teaching Award;Australian Islamic scholar Niamah M. R. Harris, 18;Australian Muslim activist Niamat Hussain, 18 and Australian-born teacher Niaman Khan, 19.
Australian Islamic activist and teacher Niazi Ali, 23, who was born and raised in Australia;and Muslim woman and writer Niama M. Chishti, 19, winner for the 2018 Teaching Excellence Award.
The awards were announced Thursday at the World Islamic Forum in Abu Dhabi.
More than 3,000 women from around the globe were honored in the first annual Teaching Excellence Awards, which recognize and honor women who work to create Islamic learning opportunities.
The 2018 awards will be presented to Australian teachers in Abu Dhabah in the United Arab Emirates next week., as well as extra large capacity of up to 128GB. 60MB/s
Compatibility : Ideal upgrade for digital cameras and camcorderLandscape design can be a priceless asset to a home, increasing both its beauty and its value. A manicured property boosts curb appeal by emphasizing architectural details like windows and doors, as well as making residents feel comfortable in their surroundings.
Photo Courtesy: PxHere
Here are five fantastic front yard landscaping ideas for your little space:
Maintaining Simplicity
The same colors or types are frequently used in gardens to create unity and simplicity. Although it is preferable to utilize simply enough variety to maintain bloom, this can still be viewed as an artistic decision when it comes to adding visual interest to your home. Garden landscape design is about combining different sorts of flowers that are similar in shape, texture, foliage type, or just colors as they come into season when you need them most.
Maintaining landscapes that are readily seen and not cluttered or fussy will always be an excellent technique for creating an appealing design. Keep in mind that landscapes with too many colors, shapes, and textures can be overwhelming, whereas landscapes with too few of these design aspects might appear monotonous and uninspired.
Gardening is all about keeping things simple. Less is sometimes more, and with just a little time invested in the process, you’ll be able to quickly learn how to make your design from start to finish.
Lighting for the Garden
Landscape lighting is a fantastic way to add warmth to your property. Uplights highlight landscaping areas near trees, while pathway lights provide a subtle glow in the dark to complement hardscapes and border plants. Low-voltage, halogen, LED (light-emitting diode), and solar bulb types generate soft white illumination in a variety of shapes and sizes, from narrow spot beams to vast flood zones, and are available in a variety of forms and sizes.
Photo Courtesy: PxHere
Simple landscape design can have lighting in the front yard so that not only will make it more attractive, but will also add security to the access points. This not only adds light and style to the outdoors but also improves the appearance of the home.
Lighting up your front yard, walkways, and driveway with pathway lights is a great idea. They’re a classic outdoor lighting solution that creates an atmosphere without being overly spectacular or dazzling. Spotlights are an excellent method to draw attention to your yard. They can draw attention to certain characteristics, such as a gorgeous landscaping item, while also making the entire space appear brighter and more inviting.
Make Art Out of Your Surroundings
On a small backyard, the combination of curves and swirls in various colored stones, textures, and plants provides a wonderful impression. Its sense of tranquility is provided by the natural greenery and curves, allowing people to feel both at ease and connected to nature. With its distinct appeal, an abstract art piece will undoubtedly attract people’s attention.
Landscape design ideas must have small pieces of art that will liven up your landscape. Set homemade, recycled, or purchased items in a container like this galvanized tub to display them. Small art pieces are an excellent way to transform your landscape from mundane to gorgeous. Small sculptures of any kind, or even ferns in an old bucket, might add the finishing touch.
Recycled materials can be used to brighten up your garden. Alter these goods as you think fit, whether you leave them as is or give them a fresh layer of paint to make each one stand out. Fill a wagon with a variety of flowers for a garden display or turn an old chair into a colorful pillar for a flower pot.
For Your Front Yard, Decide on a Theme or Style
The front yard is where it all begins if you want to create a theme garden for your home. You should think about how each feature of the outdoor space contributes to and reinforces the overall style. From landscape and architecture to plant life and ornamental components, a great theme relies on unity in every aspect of design.
Photo Courtesy: History Lines
Landscape design can be divided into two categories: formal and casual. In the design plan of formal gardens, there are straight lines, sharp corners, and geometric shapes such as circles or triangles. Natural components such as plants that grow freely without being cut to a specific shape might be regarded as more free-flowing in informal designs. These perform better on sloping land because they’re less rigid than their formal equivalents for residences on level terrain, though either style could work based on personal preference and site requirements.
Elegance in the Country Style
Incorporate a thick carpet of pansies that form a bright groundcover to give your front yard a country-style beauty. Purple lobelia pulls your attention to the entranceway, where vivid flowers flank the door leading to the front entry. The vibrant colors saturate everything about you, and a carpet of purple, pink-reds, and whites is laid out in front of you, with the occasional yellow opening up for peeks here and there.
Photo Courtesy: PxHere
CITATIONS:
- “8 Landscape Design Principles – Garden Design.” GardenDesign.com, 2019,.
- “25 Amazing Landscape Design Ideas for a Small Front Yard.” Homedesigninstitute.com, homedesigninstitute.com/read_news/310/25_amazing_landscape_design_ideas_for_a_small_front_yard/. Accessed 11 Oct. 2021.
- Roberson, Kelly. “Landscape Design: Seven Tips for Beginners.” Better Homes & Gardens, Better Homes & Gardens, 19 Apr. 2016,.
Act! Premium Mobile,.
-. Personalize!SCargeaux Cupboard and Fridge by plasticbox at TSR TSR – Objects, Appliances : SCargeaux Cupboard and Fridge by plasticbox Download fridge Mod The Sims MTS plasticbox Sims 4Similar Custom Content:Yoga set by Syboubou at TSRDecors and children’s toys 2nd part by kardofe at TSRParanormal Buymode Expanded 20 New Items at Simsational DesignsHome Phones #2 by Sandy at Around the Sims 4Dining Country by ShinoKCR at TSRRetro Radio at Leo SimsOne of the reasons I rail against Christians is that they love to legislate morality. Their efforts never cease. Baptists are legendary for the effort they put into making alcohol hard to buy, not to mention the work that goes into other "vices". I drink, I smoke (cigars mom, I swear), I gamble, I would smoke weed if it were legal, I just don't see the harm. To some Christians, my pleasure is their pain and they are starting to piss me off.
I first became annoyed while traveling in Utah. After a long day, I settled in for the night on in Brigham City. The hotel had a bar, only the bar would not serve me unless I joined their private club. It cost me 14 bucks to have a beer. I kept my membership card.
In Texas,, I actually had to walk past religious protestors at one of the only liquor stores in town. I was buying wine to drink at a restaurant. The restaurant could did not have a liquor license because of some local religious objection. The restaurant's owner allowed you to bring your own bottle and would even put it on ice for you. I had to poor it myself. It seemed stupid.
While traveling on the East Coast, I kept running into dry counties. One time I walked into a supermarket (like I do here in LA) to buy a bottle of scotch as a gift for a friend. When I asked the clerk were the alcohol was located, she rolled her eyes and said "about 60 miles north".
A few year ago, I tried to buy a case of beer a 7/11 here in LA. It was Sunday morning at 5 AM. They would not sell it to me because of some stupid blue law.
The Christians are at it again. This time they are working to outlaw alcohol inhalers. These machines allow you to inhale an alcohol mist instead of drinking from a glass. The process enables the same drinking buzz, without a hangover. It is kind of like hitting from a bong, only with alcohol instead of Mary Jane.
The Christians moralists don't like it. They are working tirelessly to ban it. Jack Sullum wrote a post about the The Rev. Mark Creech, executive director of the Christian Action League of North Carolina. It seems the Creech was behind the recent ban of these devices in North Carolina.
“More than a third of young people begin drinking by eighth grade and 5 million U.S. high school students binge drink at least once a month,” Creech said. “With these kinds of alcohol abuse statistics staring us in the face,.”
More moral bullshit. I am an American and a libertarian. If I want to inhale my alcohol, I should be allowed to with out the interference of the morality police. I don't drink much anymore. This kind of thing still pisses me off.
6 comments:
I brew my own beer. I say this to suggest, shall we say, that I drink fairly often.
What I think is most interesting about the Christian anti-drug stance is that . . . it is wholly without Biblical support. Not only is there no specific Biblical rule against alcohol in any form, including ones available to people at the time such as wine, there is DEFINITELY no Biblical rule against any other drug (such as pot, which I'd be happy to smoke if I could find a non-creepy dealer, hehe) much less things like alcohol misters.
My point being that the Christian animosity towards booze and drugs is wholly invented. It can't bear Biblical scrutiny. Jesus drank wine and was silent about other drugs. So when a Christian gets all moralistic about drugs, it's not Biblical. It's NOT. I prefer to call them on this fact every time to see how they squirm.
Did these Christians not learn anything from Prohibition? It wasn't exactly a smashing success. I don't drink anymore due to some medical problems, but such attempts to legislate morality still piss me off.
If they don't like alcohol, they don't need to buy it. If they don't approve of certain films, they don't need to see them. But I fail to see how their religious delusion gives them any right to impose their will on the rest of us.
Well said vjack. I barely have a drink anymore, can only handle a few beers. I don't smoke, anything or do drugs, can we say boring? lol!
Please do not set fire to the Christians. They object, and the rest of us have to put up with the smoke.
On the other hand, some of them get so heated they could replace Congress, or a gas fire. (Just don't smoke around that sort: they're likely to be a little incendiary...)
Sorry :-)
Carolyn Ann
Butt plug, not all Christians fit into the few experiences with the particular people you've encountered. Since you're making such broad and encompassing misstatements; Christians have one goal and that is to keep you out of hell starting the moment after you exhale your last breath. If you're so smart, correct the simple people in their misguided attempts to do what's right. With as many horrific crimes as there are on Earth today, at least some people are still trying to do what's right. And though drinking isn't wrong in itself, apparently you don't live on the planet where alcoholics are beating children, killing people on the highways and ruining all the lives they touch. Extract your head from behind you.
butt plug? How nice. I reject your assertions. Read my blog. It is full of examples of Christians screwing over everybody and anything in their path. You do not help me, and I do not fear you.With a name like Bells it seems everyone has a comment on how "Bells is a perfect name for this time of year." and " Oh that was really cool you named your avatar for Christmas." The funny thing is Bells is my gamer name. My RL name is Michelle. Like the Beatles song, family and friends would often sing "Michelle my bell" to me, eventually it morphed into Bells.
There is only so much Holiday cheer this girl can stand and dammit I've had enough.... I decided to scan blogs and update my Face Book, instead of looking at avatars in bling and color combinations of Red and Green. So does this make me a Grinch or Scrooge? hopefully not! Natalia Zelmanov mermaid diaries, had a post way back in the day about The Dating Persona test. So I have to give her credit for first introducing me to the test. Bored and half blind I decided to take the test and post my results.
Two of my long time friends Greene and Jacques urged me to join Face Book as a way to keep in touch with them. I joined Face Book earlier this week and created an account for both RL and SL. Face Book is better than Second Life Profiles and Myspace, IMHO. If you don't have a Face Book page sign up for one, then add me as a friend. Bells Face Book page
Thankfully the holidays are almost over! Ba Humbug! :)
When you're walkin' down the street
And
-Sissor Sisters
Not sure if this is gonna come across properly so here is another way to find my results
1 comment:
That's a beautiful way to come up with an avatar name, Bells.
"I will say the only words I know that you'll understand..."Herbal Dog Co’s all-natural HerbaCalm drops may aid to calm down stressed, anxious and reactive dogs. With less stress-related barking and acting out behaviour from your pet, you will soon feel better too!
Whether your dog is just naturally highly strung or frightened of certain things like fireworks, this natural preparation can soothe and quieten them so that they become calm and relaxed. Overcome upsetting situations such as travelling in the car, visiting the vet or staying home alone by helping to reduce your dog’s anxiety levels.
With extracts of hood wort, chamomile and valerian, known for their soothing properties, the drops contain no chemicals or harmful ingredients which could cause an adverse reaction.
Keep a bottle of HerbaCalm handy at home and also when you are out so that you can come to your pet’s aid in stressful times.
Our hand-blended ancient herbal preparation is powerful. Ideal for fireworks, thunderstorms, vet visits, separation anxiety, hyperactivity, car sickness, excessive barking, nervous and reactive dogs.
Ingredients;
Hood Wort, Camomile, Aqueous Extracts of Valerian, Organic Cyder Vinegar
• No Palm Oil • No chemicals • No nasty stuff
Shake well before use.
Size; 100ml, 100 doses.
How to use;
Directly into the mouth or added to food. Small dogs under 10kg 1ml, in the morning. Medium and large dogs over 11kg 1ml, morning and evening. For quick relief, 1ml every hour up to a maximum of 4 times a day.
Shake well before use.Column
Showing the single result
CWCSY Series 2-6 Station Type Y Column ShowerThe Willoughby CWCSY-Series Type Y Column Shower is a multi-user fixture for use in commercial environments with or without an accessible mechanical chase. Free-standing CWCSY column shower fixtures are all-welded, fabricated from 16 gauge, Type 304 stainless steel polished to a #4 satin finish. Standard CWCSY fixtures can be equipped with 2-6 shower stations, each with an individual shower head appropriate valve assembly. The column shower includes a choice of drain fitting, with anchoring is through the included drain fitting and 11 gauge ceiling-mounting ring (drain anchoring bolts provided, ceiling anchoring hardware by others). The CWCSY shower can be supplied with a variety of optional features including: valves, controls, plumbing, etc., all factory-installed within the shower fixture (unless noted). Shower supplies can come from above or below the column, and all connections between the outside plumbing and the separate shower stations are made within or at the wall brackets of the vandal-resistant, stainless steel fixture. The CWCSY shower will typically come with two removable shower station panels attached w/ security screws, allowing qualified maintenance personnel access to the plumbing equipment within.Apple iPhone Xs vs. iPhone X: What difference does a year make?
The world of smartphones is constantly moving forward, with a never-ending parade of improvements and upgrades. A year on from Apple’s biggest overhaul of the iPhone range and we have a direct successor to the iPhone X. Clearly part of the same family, with a notched OLED screen and all the same design cues, we find the iPhone Xs vying for our affections.
Owners of an iPhone X will be weighing up whether the upgrade to an iPhone Xs is worth it. Others may be anticipating a price drop for the iPhone X and wondering if the iPhone Xs justifies the extra outlay. We have all the answers you need right here as we compare last year’s iPhone X with this year’s iPhone Xs.
Specs
Performance, battery life, and charging
The most notable thing here is the upgrade to Apple’s latest A12 Bionic processor. This new chip is faster and more power-efficient than its predecessor, the A11, which you’ll find in the iPhone X. Apple suggests it’s 15 percent faster and 40 percent more power-efficient. There’s also an improved Neural Engine in the A12 Bionic, along with augmented reality and graphical improvements that should please gamers in particular.
We’re not sure how much the extra speed will be felt right now, since the iPhone X will comfortably handle anything you can throw at it, but as more demanding apps and games are released to take advantage of this jump in raw processing power, we will see a gap. Apple also suggests that apps will load up to 30 percent faster on the iPhone Xs.
We also expect to see significantly better battery life in the iPhone Xs, and Apple suggests it should last half an hour longer per day on average, though it didn’t reveal the capacity. You can fast charge the iPhone X if you snag a fast charger, but charging speeds, both slow and fast, are going to be similar for these phones. Both iPhones also support Qi wireless charging.
Winner: Apple iPhone XS
Design and durability
You’ll be hard-pressed to tell these phones apart. As is tradition with an S upgrade, the body of the iPhone Xs is identical to the iPhone X. We’ve got the same glass sandwich design with a notch cut into the top of the 5.8-inch OLED screen. However, while you can get both in space grey or silver, only the iPhone Xs comes in gold.
A case is going to be a necessity for either of these iPhones, so check out the best iPhone X cases and the best iPhone Xs cases for some ideas. The iPhone Xs is covered in tougher glass, so it may fare a little better in a fall. Water won’t be a major concern for iPhone X owners because it can be submerged in shallow water — up to a meter deep — for up to half an hour without damage. The iPhone Xs has a slightly higher IP68 rating that means it can handle depths of up to 2 meters for the same period.
Winner: Apple iPhone Xs
Display
There’s nothing to separate the iPhones here, because both sport the same 5.8-inch OLED screen with a 2,436 x 1,125-pixel resolution. They’re sharp, bright, and boast accurate colors. The aspect ratio is 19.5:9, so this is a wide screen, though that distinctive notch cuts out a portion of it. The screen-to-body ratio is still one of the highest around at 82.9 percent.
Winner: Tie
Camera
We’ve been impressed by the dual-lens camera in the iPhone X and Apple stuck with the same setup in the iPhone XS. You’ve got two 12-megapixel lenses, both with optical image stabilization (OIS), but one has an f/1.8 aperture while the other has an f/2.4 aperture and supports 2x optical zoom. It’s capable of capturing great shots in a wide variety of different situations, though it doesn’t match some competitors when it comes to low-light photography. Something it is very good at is capturing great portrait shots with blurred backgrounds, and the iPhone Xs allows you to adjust the field of depth after taking a shot. Apple claims the sensor in the iPhone Xs is twice as fast, so we expect to see some improvements when we get to take it for a test drive.
The front-facing camera has the same TrueDepth support, which enables the FaceID to work so securely and also allows Animojis and Memojis to work so well. Apparently, the iPhone Xs has a faster Secure Enclave and an algorithm update, which means FaceID should work just a little faster in the newer phone.
Winner: Apple iPhone Xs
Software and updates
The Apple iPhone Xs launches with the latest iOS 12 on board, while the iPhone X launched with iOS 11, however the iPhone X can be updated to iOS 12 very easily. Apple rolls out updates regularly and both these iPhones will be easy to update over-the-air.
The software experience and update schedule should be identical for both these phones, but we’re going to give the newer iPhone the slightest of edges, because it will likely continue to get updates for slightly longer than its predecessor. If we look at iOS 12, for example, we find that the iPhone 5S is the cutoff line and the iPhone 5 won’t be getting it.
Winner: Apple iPhone Xs
Special features
Perhaps the headline feature here is the TrueDepth front-facing camera, which is capable of scanning your face, even in the dark, to unlock your iPhone. Apple has employed the same technology to enable your facial expressions to animate fun creatures in the shape of Animojis or caricatures in the shape of Memojis. They add a little fun to your chats and work a lot more smoothly than similar features on other phones.
The iPhone Xs adds dual SIM support, which is great for international travelers, but there isn’t too much else to speak of here. These iPhones are great all-rounders that are focused on doing the essentials very well.
Winner: Apple iPhone Xs
Price
When Apple releases a new iPhone. last year’s model drops in price. The base model of the iPhone Xs with 64GB of storage is going to cost you $1,000 and it will be widely available September 21, with pre-orders starting from September 14.
The iPhone Xs replaces the iPhone X on Apple’s website, but you should still be able to pick it up from major retailers or from any big carrier. We expect the price to drop a little in response to the release of the iPhone Xs, so watch out for deals.
Overall Winner: Apple iPhone Xs
It will come as no surprise that Apple has made improvements over the last year and the iPhone Xs is a slightly better phone than the iPhone X. It boasts better performance, longer battery life, and a few other tweaks to make it more appealing, but the difference isn’t massive. If you have an iPhone X already, we think you should hang to it on for at least another year. For those choosing between the X and the Xs, we’d definitely opt for the newer iPhone.
Editors’ Recommendations
Let’s block ads! (Why?)Join us every Tuesday for our All-American Burger Night! We've got everything for you to customize your beef, pork, turkey or veggie burger. Plus we've added sweet potato fries, truffle cheese fries and many other extras including milkshakes!
Friend of a Farmer dinners are back! Starting in May, twice monthly on a Thursday and Friday evening we will offer a 4-course prix-fixe dinner made with local ingredients. Cost is $45/person on Thursday and $50/person on Friday (not including tax & gratuity.) To kick-off this celebration of local farms, we are hosting a benefit for the Bucks County Foodshed Alliance Reservations (BCFA) on Wednesday, May 20 for $60/person. Proceeds will be donated to the BCFA. Reservations required for all dinners.
In appreciation to our loyal customers, we now offer Monday is Locals Night! Enjoy a three-course pre-fixe dinner at an exceptional value of $22/person.
We are excited to be offering Mimosa's and Bloody Mary's during the weekend. You bring the champagne and vodka, we do the rest!
Virgin Mimosa Pitcher, $12
Virgin Bloody Mary Pitcher, $12
Caleb's American Kitchen will generously accommodate up to 45 seated guests in our private dining room.
Please welcome photograher Enid Langbert and her many iconic photographs of modern America. Through her many travels, Enid has captured the essense of our great nation. On display through early 2015.These Algebraic Expressions Worksheets will create algebraic statements for the student to simplify. Displaying top 8 worksheets found for – Distributive Property Fifth Grade.
Algebra Worksheets For Simplifying The Equation Algebra Worksheets Combining Like Terms 6th Grade Worksheets Distributive property worksheets 5th grade
Use the distributive Property – II.
Distributive property worksheets 5th grade. Solve using Distributive Property. With this worksheet generator you can make customizable worksheets for the distributive property and factoring. Students explicitly rewrite and answer multiplication equations using the distributive property.
Explore fun online activities for 5th graders covering math ELA science more. You may select from 2 3 or 4 terms with addition subtraction and multiplication. Explore fun online activities for 5th graders covering math ELA science more.
Distributive property division worksheets 5th grade – To notice the image more plainly in this article you could click on the preferred image to look at the picture in its original sizing or in full. There are some truefalse type problems in this worksheets to start you with distributive property. Distributive Property 5th Grade.
The main benefit of the distributive property worksheets grade 5 is that students learn to solve a diverse set of questions like word problems use of a variable simple equation format etc. Worksheet for Fifth Grade Math. Distributive Property Worksheet 2.
An individual can also look at Distributive Property Division Worksheets 5th Grade image gallery that many of us get prepared to get the image you are searching for. Benefits of 5th Grade Distributive Property Worksheets. The Distributive Property Worksheets.
Use distributive property to solve the multiplication problems in these printable worksheets for 3rd grade and 4th grade kids. Distributive Property Guided Notes – Grade. Some of the worksheets for this concept are Using the bdistributiveb bpropertyb date period Bgradeb 5 mathematics practice test 5th bgradeb bdistributiveb bpropertyb Bgradesb 5 and 6 math teks and taks daily bdistributiveb practice Associative bpropertyb of multiplication Whole.
Distributive Property Worksheets for 6th Grade and 7th Grade. Apply distributive principle of multiplication to rewrite the multiplication sentence. Distributive property of multiplication Grade 5 Multiplication Worksheet Example.
With the help of these worksheets students can explore the various properties of 2D shapes and their applications. Algebra and Percent Expressions and Equations Distributive Property. Add to my workbooks 16 Download file pdf Embed in my website or blog Add to Google Classroom.
It is a reliable source to introduce 3D geometry with rectangular prisms. Distributive Property Worksheet 1. 20 Awesome Elementary Grade Life Skills Worksheets KG 5th Grade.
Pre-Algebra Algebra 1 Math 1 Teacher Key Now Included. Distributive Property Guided Notes Subjects. Some of the worksheets for this concept are Grade 5 supplement Distributive property of multiplication work The distributive property Distributive property 1 Math mammoth grade 5 a worktext The distributive property Applying the distributive property of multiplication over Lesson.
The structure of these worksheets ensures that a student also has fun while solving problems. 5th grade geometry worksheets help students to advance their geometry skills by finding angles areas of shapes symmetry and much more. Use the distributive Property – I.
Distributive Property Fifth Grade. These worksheets are especially meant for pre-algebra and algebra 1 courses grades 6-9. 3 x 23 3 x 20 3 x 3 60 9 69 Rewrite the equations using the distributive property and find the answer.
Displaying top 8 worksheets found for – Distributive Property 5th Grade. Distributive property division 5th grade worksheets In this worksheet your kid will work with the distibutive property in. Distributive property division 5th grade worksheets.
Learn to simplify multiplications. Try you hand at applying distributive property on expressions that a combination of multiplication or additionsubtraction. These Algebraic Expressions Worksheets are a good resource for students in the 5th Grade through the 8th Grade.
Apply them in real life problems that require you to perform multiplications. Free printable math worksheets from K5 Learning. Introduce students to multiple ways of using the distributive property.
The generator includes only very simple problems with linear expressions. Algebra and Percent Expressions and Equations Distributive Property..
Distributive Property Other contents. These attractive guided notes show multiple ways of. Multiplicands up to 30.
Distributive Property Printable Worksheets Here S A Set Of Tiered Wo In 2021 Distributive Property Distributive Property Of Multiplication Properties Of Multiplication Distributive property worksheets 5th grade
Pin On Multiplication Worksheets Ideas For Kids Distributive property worksheets 5th grade
Educationjourney Distributive Property Distributive Property Worksheet Distributive Property 6th Grade Worksheets Distributive property worksheets 5th grade
Distributive Property Of Multiplication Worksheets Yahoo Image Sea Distributive Property Of Multiplication Distributive Property Properties Of Multiplication Distributive property worksheets 5th grade
Determining Distributive Property Worksheet Distributive Property Worksheet Distributive Property 6th Grade Worksheets Distributive property worksheets 5th grade
Properties Of Multiplication Worksheets Associative Property Properties Of Multiplication Multiplication Worksheets Distributive property worksheets 5th grade
Simple Distributive Property Worksheets Properties Of Multiplication In 2020 Distributive Property Of Multiplication Properties Of Multiplication Distributive Property Distributive property worksheets 5th grade
Commutative Property Of Multiplication Worksheets Kelpies Properties Of Multiplication Commutative Property Multiplication Worksheets Distributive property worksheets 5th grade
Distributive Property Worksheets Pdf Distributive Property 3rd Grade Distributive Property Of Multiplication Distributive Property Properties Of Multiplication Distributive property worksheets 5th grade
Related Posts for Fresh Distributive Property Worksheets 5th Grade
- Awesome Secret Message Worksheets
- Creative Writing Worksheet For 5th Graders
- Beautiful Arabic Alphabet Worksheets For Preschoolers
- Amazing Christmas Counting Worksheets Kindergarten
- Inspiration Polyatomic Ions Worksheet Answers
- Beautiful Text Structure Worksheets 4th Grade
- Beautiful Topic Sentences Worksheets 3rd Grade
- Fresh Animal Cell Labeling Worksheet Answers
- Creative Homographs Worksheets
- Creative Eureka Math Kindergarten WorksheetsBeds Available in the Lakes Park Community Garden
Monday September 9th, 2019
the garden, including provision of soil and tools necessary to help gardeners be successful.
What are the benefits of the Community Garden?
The Lakes Park Community Garden provides the following benefits to its members and to the public:
CONNECT WITH YOUR SOURCE OF FOOD: The Community Garden is a place to grow food, herbs, and flowers for those who might not have the space or the opportunity to do so at home.
CONNECT WITH YOUR “TRIBE”: The Community Garden provides a place to meet and connect with your “tribe” – folks from the community who share your interests and with whom you can share knowledge, expertise, love of a connection to the Earth – and seeds!
ENHANCED BEAUTY AND EXPERIENCE OF LAKES PARK: The Community Garden is beautiful, enhancing the overall experience of strolling through the Botanic Garden at Lakes Park.
SERVICE LEARNING and VOLUNTEERISM: The Community Garden provides volunteer and service learning opportunities for gardeners and aspiring gardeners of all ages.
FEEDING OUR COMMUNITY: Community Garden volunteers grow and harvest food for donation to the Community Cooperative soup kitchen from October through April.
These beds have already been offered to the “waiting list”. Several took advantage of the opportunity.
We are now extending the opportunity to the public.
I’m ready to apply for a bed – what are my next steps?
EMAIL US NOW – send an email to Info@LakesPark.org and tell us you want to rent a bed in the Community Garden
APPLY and PAY – you’ll be sent an offer with a link to apply and pay. You can pay online, or you can check the box to mail in a check – but please understand that the “snail mail” option will cause a delay in your approval.
ORIENTATION – After applications are approved, you will receive instructions for mandatory orientation, currently scheduled for October 5th 2019. Commonly referred to as “Dirt Day” or “Plant Your Garden Day”, this is when all Community Garden members gather to prepare and plant their beds. Soil and tools will be available as part of membership; seedlings hand-grown in our propagation shed will be available for purchase.
Ready… set… GROW!
CLICK to email us NOW
“Ask,)
Journal Entry
“God will never give you things prematurely. In addition, with some things, you have to realise your need before He can give them to you. This passage highlights the fact that God is waiting and willing to bless you. The preceding chapter states that He knows your needs, and here it mentions that He wants to give them to you. He would never give you what you don’t need; the question is whether you’re ready to ask/seek/knock AND believe that He wants to bless.
Father, help me not to be apprehensive about asking for things I know I need. Your word is clear and true, I need to trust You.”
Commentary
I’ve come to realise that my issue isn’t doubting whether God will do something; it’s sitting with the discomfort of not knowing when He’ll do it. What I regard as a timely answer to my prayer differs from the perspective of the Author of time. Case in point, I’ve been praying that I don’t remain unemployed for a long time after arriving home, well, it just so happens that I arrived today and I have an interview on Monday. I’m super excited about the role and if I get the job the answer to my prayer couldn’t have come any faster. But suppose I don’t… Suppose it takes months of putting my best foot forward and I remain jobless. What then? I’ve purposely been applying selectively rather than indiscriminately. However, if there isn’t a ‘timely’ answer to my prayer, it might be tempting to rely on plan B: doing any job.
Self-sufficiency robs you of experiencing God as the Giver He desires to be.
Deviating from faith due to a false sense of desertion doesn’t solve problems, it creates problems. If you feel like He’s left you hanging, it’s worth remembering:
- God values boldness – the instructions are clear, He certainly didn’t ask you to be timid i.e. murmur/browse/tap. The passage doesn’t state how long you’ll need to ask/seek/knock, however those who do so timidly aren’t embracing Hebrews 11:6.
- God only gives good gifts – is what you want truly good, or is it good because you want it? In other words, you need to examine it’s ‘goodness’ from God’s perspective, not yours.
- God is never late* – if you perceive a ‘delay’, ask God how you can spend your time constructively. I can assure you that He won’t endorse worrying, complaining, or plotting ideas about what happens if He ‘doesn’t come through.’ What could you be doing instead?
*Persevering in prayer is enjoyable when you don’t make your request an idol.
So…
Part of asking/seeking/knocking is trusting God’s timing about the outcome. Waiting is hard, but it’s a whole lot easier when you have faith that your Father will provide. He’s the giver of every good gift (James 1:17) and He wouldn’t withhold something beneficial (Psalm 84:11) – why doubt?How to Start an Online Business in 2021
/>The one, I always, take away from that and which I was encouraged Fearless Crew to take on board is to make sure that when you’re delegating something, delegate responsibly, don’t delegate responsibility. ‘Because that’s often where things go wrong. If you don’t know how to systemize it and you don’t know what your process is if you’re not clear on that and it’s not well documented, how do you expect somebody else to actually take on that responsibility and do a good job with it? You talk about something called a lean business model. I’m really curious to know a little bit more about that.
– Sure, I mean, look it’s a concept that’s been around for a very long time. It wasn’t me who coined the phrase, I’d love to say I wrote the book, but I didn’t.
But one of the things I’ve been talking a lot about recently, which a lot of coaches like yourself or consultants, et cetera, should be talking to their own clients about, and thinking about for their own business is that in the last 10 years, I mean, we’ve had probably 15 years, amazing amounts of digital transformation. We’re all moving online, digital has been huge, and that in the last year, in this pandemic that we’ve been in, we’ve had another 10 years of digital transformation happen in about six months flat. But one of the key areas that I feel is still something that’s not looked at enough is the resourcing around your human capital.
So the asset that is your people. Now, obviously larger companies will try to look at this, but it also applies to, if you’re just a solopreneur, you’re working by yourself, it doesn’t matter whether you’re working on your own or whether you have a larger team.
It’s thinking about how you and/or members of your team are actually spending their time. And what you find is, studies have been done on this by Harvard Business Review and various other studies, where they found that 30 to 40% of any executive’s time and I would hazard that any of us running businesses would class ourselves in the executive sort of category, 30 to 40% of your time is generally being taken up with stuff that is easily delegatable and is quite process-driven and should be done by somebody else. Now, the next layer down from that is saying, well, now that we’re all virtual anyway, and lots of the viewers today and the listeners are probably always been in a virtual or remote type scenario, we’re working online, working from home, et cetera.
But these days, everybody’s remote.The folks over at Hype.my have reported that South Korea’s music awards show, the Golden Disk Awards will be held in Kuala Lumpur next year! Their sources have confirmed that our country will host the 27th GDA in Sepang in the middle of January. So far there hasn’t been any info on the ticket prices.
The Golden Disk Awards is also known as Korea’s own ‘Grammy Awards’, and was held in Japan last year, which was the first time that it was held out of Korea. Can you imagine what a huge event it’ll be for Kuala Lumpur? K-pop fans from all over the world will be coming to Sepang to watch their favourite bands perform! Apparently, Korea’s biggest K-pop groups such as SNSD Girls’ Generation, BEAST aka B2ST, 2NE1, Super Junior and more will be performing… we’re already getting goosebumps from sheer K-pop excitement!
For more info, check out Hype.my which was the first portal to break this awesome news!
AcidoBifidus - Chewable Probiotic
Regular price €11,50Tax included. Shipping calculated at checkout.
- Helps restore the beneficial bacterial balance vital for immune and digestive health especially after antibiotics
- Provides 12 billion active microbiotics per tablet
- Particularly suitable for children too young to swallow and adults
- Natural Citrus Flavour
- 30 chewable tablets
How to Make the Most of iPhone 13 Pro’s Macro
Macro is what’s been missing from the iPhone’s photo arsenal. And with the iPhone 13 Pro models we now have it. While many will use macro like a magnifying glass just to read tiny print on labels, it’s a powerful photographic tool that lets you play in the world of the ultra closeup. Since it’s never been offered on iPhone before (and often requires special lens attachments on any camera) macro is a new space for many iPhoneographers. It comes with it’s own set of challenges. This article will show you how to work around those issues and will help you make the most of the new Macro mode.
The motion problem
Motion can be the biggest obstacle to macro photography. In macro, motion gets magnified. This includes the tiny motion of a wildflower in a subtle breeze as well as the shake of your camera from minuscule movements of your hands. There are many ways you can combat motion issues and get better macro images:
- Decide to shoot with 1x or .5x When you shoot with the 1x camera, your iPhone will automatically switch to the Ultra Wide camera when you get closer than about five inches. It then gives the image a 2x digital zoom on the center of the image. This can cause the iPhone to shift between the cameras when the subject is about five inches away and moves between the focusing distance where the cameras shifts. If you tap the .5x button, the iPhone will only use the Ultra Wide camera for macro, but the view will be twice as far away. So the iPhone 13 Pro can give you two different macro views: your choice.
- Shoot in Live mode. Live mode is useful for subjects like kids and pets that are always moving. It captures a series of images from 1.5 seconds before you press the shutter to 1.5 seconds after. This is also useful in macro when subject and hands are moving. Live mode will give you over a dozen images to choose from. When looking at a Live image in the Photos app, tap Edit, then the Live icon (bullseye) and slowly drag your finger across the frame bar at the bottom. Just lift your finger when you find the image you want and tap Make Key Photo then Done.
- Lock the focus. If your hands and the subject are moving with slight rapid movements, the Ultra Wide lens can have trouble holding focus. The easiest way to avoid this is to hold your hand in front of the lens at the focal distance you want and then hold you finger on the screen to lock the focus. Now just move the camera in to focus.
- Stabilize the iPhone. If I’m shooting a bug on the ground or a spot on a wall, I’ll stick out my pinky (or both pinkies) to brace my iPhone. In situations where there’s nothing close enough to brace, a monopod can be handy. I also use a walking stick when hiking and use a free pinkie to grip on this to steady the iPhone.
- Stabilize the subject. This is more difficult to achieve, but a technique like using a stick can prop up a flower to keep it from moving in the breeze really helps.
The shadow problem
Your iPhone can also get so close its shadow can fall on the bottom of the image. The iPhone flash is too bright to be used in Macro to counter this. Provided you don’t have a thick case, an inexpensive selfie ring light can be clipped over the cameras and light a close subject from all sides. The added brightness on the scene can let the camera use a faster shutter speed for better sharpness.
I get no affiliate compensation for the products featured in my posts. So I greatly appreciate you buying my book or buying me a coffee below.
Get the definitive book for mastering your iPhone camera: The Crap-Free Guide to iPhone Photography
A new analysis from a coalition of environmental groups has found that four U.S. banks are the world’s largest fossil fuel financers.
The analysis, conducted by a group including the organizations BankTrack, Indigenous Environmental Network, Oil Change International, Reclaim Finance, and the Sierra Club, estimates that J.P. Morgan Chase provided nearly $65 billion in fossil fuel financing last year, the largest out of any of the 35 banks listed in the report.
It also found that other top banks included Citi, which provided an estimated $52 billion, Bank of America, which provided an estimated $48 billion and Wells Fargo, which provided an estimated $45 billion.
The financing estimates were made based on loans and underwriting given to companies that have fossil fuels as part of their business. The percentage of each loan or underwriting deal that was counted toward a company's financing dollar amount was based on what percentage of the company’s business comes from fossil fuels.
For example, if a bank gave a loan to a company whose business was 20 percent based in fossil fuels, only 20 percent of the loan would be counted in the bank’s total fossil fuel financing.
The report comes at a time when financial institutions who provide money to fossil fuel companies are facing increased scrutiny. Some banks in recent weeks have taken steps to lessen their impact, focusing on fossil fuel drilling in the Arctic.
J.P. Morgan Chase and Goldman Sachs have said they will stop approving loans to companies pursuing new fossil fuel drilling in the Arctic. Wells Fargo has also said that it does not directly finance oil and gas projects in the Arctic.
Asked for comment on the report, Wells Fargo told The Hill in a statement that it believes “climate change is one of the most urgent environmental and social issues of our time, and we are committed to doing our part to accelerate the transition to a low-carbon economy.”
The company also highlighted its 2018 commitment to provide $200 billion in financing to sustainable businesses and projects by 2030 and its lending or investing of about $49 billion in sustainable business and projects in 2018 and 2019.
“We are also supporting our traditional energy customers as they transition to cleaner fuels and generation methods, and we actively engage them on best practices in adaptation around the need to operate in a carbon-constrained world and our expectations for robust management of greenhouse gas emissions in their operations,” the company said.
Still, the groups behind Wednesday’s analysis are calling for more action from financial institutions.
Alison Kirsch, the climate and energy lead researcher at Rainforest Action Network said in a statement that the findings show “a deeply disturbing picture of how financial institutions are driving us toward climate disaster.”
“The data reveals that global banks are not only ramping up financing of fossil fuels overall, but are also increasing funding for the companies most responsible for fossil fuel expansion.”
The report also found that between the start of 2016 and the end of 2019, the 35 banks have financed fossil fuels with more than $2.7 trillion combined.
“It is long past time for all banks to pull their support for dirty fossil fuels, and our movement will continue to fight to ensure that they do," said a statement from Ben Cushing, a campaigner from The Sierra Club’s Beyond Dirty Fuels initiative.Students may enter Part IA of the Tripos if they have satisfied the criteria for admission specified for the Tripos, and have been admitted to a Cambridge College.
Students take four subjects: three experimental subjects and mathematics taken from the lists below. The choice of mathematical subject is normally based on previous knowledge and the student's aspirations; a Director of Studies will offer firm advice on the most appropriate option.
The links below take you to the individual subject specification, you can also find further information on each subject on the course website, and in the subject summary.
Experimental Subjects
- Biology of Cells
- Chemistry
- Computer Science
- Earth Sciences
- Evolution and Behaviour
- Materials Science
- Physics
- Physiology of Organisms
Mathematics
The Biology of Cells and Computer Science options cannot be combined.
Students are expected to attend, for each of the four subjects taken, three lectures, one supervision and an average of three or four hours of practical work during each week of the eight-week terms. College Directors of Studies give further advice on appropriate levels of extracurricular study.New Step
Today we went to a nice shop in the westie end of Glasgow called Nancy Smilees. It was a good shop because I was allowed in. Nancy was very smiles she let me sit on a big step to make sure I fitted, Mum and dad were buying the step so I can get up on the window ledge and guard the street.Joint UK societies' 2019 consensus statement on renal denervation
Author
Sharp, Andrew S P
Date2019-10
JournalHeart
TypeJournal Article
PublisherBMJ
DOI10.1136/heartjnl-2019-315098
RightsRe-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use.
MetadataShow full item record.A detailed diagnosis of the monotypic genus Tomopaguroides Balss, 1912 is presented for the first time, together with the redescription of its type species, T. valdiviae (Balss, 1911) from the lectotype, herein designated, and supplemental specimens collected in New Caledonia and the Philippine, Salomon and Fiji islands. These collection areas represent major range extensions from the type locality in the Indian Ocean off Somalia, the only previously confirmed locality for this species. The genus is one of only two in the family Paguridae characterized by the presence of only paired, modified male second pleopods. Female attributes, heretofore unknown, are described. Significant intraspecific morphological variation is reported and an anomaly attributed to regeneration is documented.
Crustacea, Decapoda, Anomura, Paguroidea, Paguridae, Tomopaguroides valdiviae, lectotype, redescription, variation, anomalous regeneration.DAVISON — “I’d rather be flying” is a statement that sums up 17-year-old Sydney Dyer’s outlook on life after earning her private pilot’s license last month.
Sydney is the first Davison High School student to go through the new aviation class at the Genesee Career Institute, receiving her private pilot’s license and now wrapping up course work to obtain her drone piloting license through the second year of the class.
Sydney said she was in the second group of students from around Genesee County to go through the program, which is a partnership between GCI and Crosswinds Aviation.
The first year of the program gives students the knowledge needed for a pilot’s ground license, while the second year focuses on obtaining a drone license.
During the program, students spend three hours daily at the class, which is held in a hangar at Bishop International Airport.
Sydney Dyer, 17, a Davison High School senior, behind the wheel of a training plane at Bishop International Airport in Flint Township. Sydney recently earned her private pilot’s license through a program at Genesee Career Institute.
“Last year was a lot of new knowledge on everything relating to aviation,” said Sydney. “This year we’re focusing more on fine details and getting our drone license.”
She received her private pilot’s license Sept. 26, passing the test with just 52 hours of flight time under her belt.
Diana Allard, executive director of career and technical education for the Genesee Career Institute, said the program started after GCI was approached by the Greater Flint Pilot’s Association regarding a national shortage of pilots.
“They asked if we would look at what other high school programs there were for aviation in the state and wondered if we could do that for our community,” said Allard. “We discussed what would a program look like and we knew this was a high wage, high demand profession.”
GCI entered into an agreement with the director at Bishop International Airport to house the program at a hangar on airport property, said Allard.
Crosswinds Aviation, who taught a similar program at the Wilson Talent Center in Howell, already had instructors to teach the program and leases space at Bishop, so they came into the partnership to handle the flight instruction.
GCI then put training simulators in, with money from the Mott Foundation, to start the program, said Allard.
The program started with 18-20 kids the first year, she said. In all, there are about 30 spots available each year, two for each school district in the Genesee Intermediate School District. They worked through the curriculum and got things up and running, just in time for COVID-19 to come along in the second year.
Once they were able to get through the year of the shutdown, the program has gotten back on track this year offering something new to students in Genesee County that was never previously available. Students are not only able to obtain a private pilot’s license, they can also earn a drone piloting license and just by being housed at the airport, can see many other jobs that are out there in the aviation industry.
“This opens up an area we haven’t been able to offer kids in this community before,” said Allard. “With the rise of different kinds of technology, such as drones, some of these students might end up working for insurance agencies. These are very sought-after individuals.”
Some may decide to pursue a career on the mechanical side of aviation, some could go on to join the U.S. Air Force to become a pilot or pursue corporate or commercial piloting careers, said Allard.
Drone pilots are also in high demand because of risk management insurance programs where drones are used to evaluate fire damage and other environments hazardous for adjustors, she said.
Sydney said she was intrigued by the idea of studying aviation, but all it took was scheduling a free, 15-minute flight thought an organization called Young Eagles for her to realize that’s what she wanted to do.
She said the organization is for anyone under the age of 18, they will give students a free 15-minute flight in a small plane and see if they like it or not.
“I made sure I got into the program, I talked to my counselors as much as I could, even through COVID-19,” she said. “I just found out everything I could about the program.”
Sydney describes the class as “absolutely amazing”, adding she loved taking the class and learning all she could about aviation.
Even her parents, Mike and Tiffany Dyer, said they had never seen their daughter so passionate about learning and studying.
Tiffany said the classes have also inspired Sydney to want to be a role model for other young women who might see aviation as a field only for men.
“One of the things she’s expressed to me is she wants young girls to see they can do this,” said Tiffany. “It’s not something just for men. She always thought she’d have to be stewardess to get to travel, only males were pilots.”
Sydney said that while piloting is currently a male dominated industry, with only 4.6 percent of the licensed pilots out there being female, with programs like the one at GCI, and women with the passion to become pilots, like herself, those numbers can change.
“That’s a low number for women in aviation,” she said. “I’m glad to be breaking through on that and I hope to get more women involved.”
Sydney said she wants to become a commercial pilot, but first wants to be a corporate pilot, which is an on-call pilot who flies for companies and businesses in private planes. Eventually, between corporate piloting and performing instruction to gain flight hours, she hopes to become a commercial pilot down the road.
“The program opened my eyes to see that you could get your private pilot’s license if you worked toward it,” aid Sydney. “This is something I can realistically do, and I think most people don’t know that. Getting young people to realize this is a career anyone can work toward – they’re going to need a lot of pilots in the next 10 years.”
Sydney, who is also on the Davison Varsity Swim Team, said she is currently looking into colleges and financial aid, like most high school seniors.
She said she would love to attend Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University in Daytona Beach, Florida. The school, she said, is considered among the best aviation schools in the United States.
“You live, eat, sleep and breathe aviation at that college,” said Sydney. “You’re surrounded by it because everyone on campus does something related to aviation.”
Sydney said she is also looking at Eastern and Western Michigan universities, Utah Valley State and Ohio State – all of which have aviation programs.
She said she is going to go the college path, so she has some sort of backup in case piloting doesn’t work out.
That “backup” will be a bachelor’s degree in aviation management, which Sydney calls the “boring side” of aviation but is still related to the field she is determined to be a part of.
“I want to go to college knowing this is something I want to do for the rest of my life and will be happy doing for the rest of my life,” she said.
Allard said the program is doing well and has been successful in offering students a career path many have not considered pursuing.
“We’re proud of the program,” she said.
Sydney said she hopes more kids go into the program and that it grows with more school participating.
“Flying is absolutely amazing, and I suggest anyone under the age of 18 call Young Eagles and go up on a flight. It’s 15 minutes that could change your entire life,” she said. “It’s one of the best things you could go into, an amazing opportunity to get a flight in and see what it is truly like to be in the air.”Football Football Pogrebnyak fined by Russian Football Union for racist remarks After suggesting Russia should not call up black players, Pavel Pogrebnyak has been fined 250,000 rubles by the Russian Football Union. Ryan Benson 27 March, 2019 00:46 IST Former Russia striker Pavel Pogrebnyak - Getty Images Ryan Benson 27 March, 2019 00:46 IST Pavel Pogrebnyak has been fined 250,000 rubles (£2,938) host. Read more stories on Football. For more updates, follow Sportstar on :We need new business models to burst old media filter bubbles
Nik Milanovic
Contributor
Share on Twitter
Nik Milanovic is a fintech and business inclusion fan, with a decade of task across portable payments, online giving, approval and microfinance. The opinions expressed in his articles do not reflect those of his supervisor( s ).
More uprights by this writer
Build produces that improve the day-to-day lives of prisoners
Now more than ever we need fintechs to lead on consumer transparency
Access to information in the United Commonwealth is fragmenting along social rows. This goes beyond the fuzzy, qualitative feeling many of us have that people can’t agree on key issues anymore — data show that people are increasingly breaking into unplugged ideological tents. While this is commonly viewed as a left/ right controversy, the reality is much more insidious: It is a rich/ poor issue.
Americans today are exposed to fundamentally different knowledge based on their news sources. Data are often arranged to fit narrations rather than the other way around. This outcome spans the political range: It is as relevant to The New York Times as it is to Fox News. One of the helps to this information split is the rise of site-wide paywalls, which segment access to information along socio-economic lines.
As one magazine journalist eloquently settles it, “The truth is paywalled but the lies are free.”
It’s time for us to think critically about how we can build business models that reunite datum suds, so that beings consistently get access to all sides of the story.
Ringing the department bell
Media polarization is not a brand-new phenomenon. Studies have shown for over a decade that, when it comes to news, people have been fractioning themselves into information cliques. Social media programmes — immediately changing publishers as the “front end” of bulletin — act as an accelerant, exploiting likes and predicts beings to subscriptions as an alternative to ads revenue. In doing so, they have undoubtedly cured root( and perhaps switch ?) the decline in news revenues driven by the internet.
How bad has this slump been? Just see this OECD visualization of how circulation, designation and receipts have plunged over time.
As Rupert Murdoch said, “ … sometimes creeks dry up.” From 2007 -2 009 alone, the U.S. discern a 30% decline in newspaper publishing. Staff layoffs have become standards and norms for smaller and midmarket news services, which find themselves driven to consolidate into bigger bulletin orgs in order to put down premiums and expand the reaching necessary to attract ad spend.
The message is clear: If people want to continue consuming news, they and media companies need to work together to develop a business model that can support it. Yet, as story bookmarking assistance favor.it notes, “There is now a real cost to the user associated with acquiring accurate, insightful and well-produced news.[ …] Exacerbating the problem is the fact that there is now serious competition to real story. Free, less-reliable news roots and aggregators that can push sections into a[ F] acebook Newstream that start viral in a question of seconds whether they are completely true, or properly researched, or not.” The data stand this out: an MIT study across 126,000 narratives found that sham tales proliferate on average 6x quicker than true-blue ones.
The new iron curtain
Across six European country level the United State, the average price for paywalled bulletin is about $15.75 per month. In a season where half of Americans are working low-wage jobs and countless are experiencing a severe savings crisis, most don’t have the available funds to shell out for a $15 monthly word due — much less a due for each outlet they want to access. Free news and clickbait headlines on social media, much like fast food, are the easiest and most freely available options to a swathe of people who have neither the resources nor the intensity to do the fact-checking for themselves.
A perennial suggestion is that shops syndicate their contents into a “Netflix for news” bundle. Indeed, aggregator initiatives like Apple News have grown to over 100 million consumers. Yet this still doesn’t solve a fundamental problem, which is that, in an era of instantaneously accessible free online media, most people are not willing to pay even for wrap news.
As Don Richard, senior PM at Shopify, introduces it, “I merely don’t foresee the mass appeal for a text-content bundle is as high-pitched as numerous tech folks believe it is[ …] most people view text content as a less-valuable medium than Tv and music — prized being defined as worth paying for based on your personal the requirements and predilections. And when people have other outlays they have to pay for, paid under a text-content bundle will be hard to justify. Since a text-content bundle doesn’t exist today, the money for a text-content bundle has to come from somewhere else in the monthly fund for most people. That necessitates the parcel expenditure has to take share-of-wallet over something else. Basic needs( meat, sanctuary, utilities) aren’t being reduced for a text-content bundle.”
So we be brought to an end with two profoundly different types of media: On the one side, free media, supported by independent reporters, freelances and threadbare content crews; on the other, paywalled media, supported by more robust fact-checking teams and writers. As Robinson gives it, “It penalties era and money to access a lot of true and important information, while a lot of bullshit is completely free.”
Coming back to the accelerating polarization of the American public, this media subdivide is not without significance. People can always reasonably disagree about notions and notions, so long as they have the shared framework of knowledge. They cannot have fertile debates if the facts are in-question.
This is where claims of “fake news” originate: Dividing the world into free happenings versus paywalled happenings means we are increasingly talking past one another. As favor.it puts it, we’re “moving toward a situation where there will be haves and have-nots in the very critical area of having basic, accurate information about “whats goin on” in the world.”
Where do we go from here?
It is clear that the internet media representation determined in accordance with paywalls needs to be revisited due to these shortcomings. But what are the alternatives? Targeted ads have been shown to have their own disadvantages and provoke reader ire.
While this is not a exhaustive ask, here are a few suggestions 😛 TAGEND
Free points, upsold details. Pull the key details out of news stories and utter them freely available to beings, upselling the deeper and richer storylines. TechCrunch has find an tasteful middle-ground of this format: The core story tales on the website are free, while the value-added analysis, investigate deep-dives and richer sentiment content are available to subscribers.
The New Paper is another, newer service experimenting with a abbreviated explanation of story headlines to combat newsletter and information wearines( albeit one that still plans to charge$ 5 monthly ). This is something being led by the rise of platforms like Substack today for independent correspondents; content producers with a good following or smart-alecky coverage is generated by self-sustaining businesses.
The New Paper proposals a’ fact-first’ story accept in textbook message kindCircles and PiTangents, Chords and Arcs
In the previous sections, you learned the names given to several different parts of a circle – like the center, radius, diameter and circumference. However, there are many geometric elements related to a circle, which we’ll need to solve more complex problems:
- A secant is a line that intersects a circle at two points.
- A chord is a line segment whose endpoints lie on the circumference of a circle.
- A tangent is a line that touches a circle at exactly one point. This is called the point of tangency.
- An arc is a section of the circumference of a circle.
- A sector is a part of the interior of a circle, bounded by an arc and two radii.
- Finally, a segment is a part of the interior of a circle, bounded by an arc and a chord.
In this section, we will look at the relationship between all these elements, and prove theorems about their properties. Don't worry about memorising all the definitions for now – you can always use the
Tangents
Chords
Arcs and Sectors
Most scientists in ancient Greece agreed that the Earth is a sphere. There was plenty of evidence: from ships disappearing behind the horizon at sea, to the circular motion of stars during the night.
Unfortunately, no one knew exactly how big Earth was – until around 200 BC, when the mathematician
As you can see in the diagram, an arc is a part of the
The arc between two points A and B is often written as
The smaller of the two arcs is called the minor arc, and the larger one is called the major arc. If points A and B are exactly opposite each other, both arcs have the same length and are
To find the length of an arc or the area of a sector, we need to know about the corresponding angle at the center of the circle: this is called the central angle.
Notice how the arc, sector and angle all take up the same proportion of a full circle. For example, if the central angle is , it takes up
This means that the length of the arc is also
We can express this relationship in an equation:
Now we can rearrange these equations to find whichever variable we’re interested in. For example,
where r is the radius of the circle, and c is the size of the central angle.
If the central angle is measured in
Notice how the equations become much simpler, and π cancels out everywhere. This is because, as you might recall, the definition of radians is basically the length of an arc in a circle with radius 1.
Now let’s see how we can use arcs and sectors to calculate the circumference of the Earth.
In ancient Egypt, the city of Swenet was located along the Nile river. Swenet was famous for a well with a curious property: there was one moment every year when the sunlight reached the very bottom of the well – at noon on 21 June, the day of the summer solstice. At that precise time, the bottom of the well was illuminated, but not its sides, meaning that the Sun was standing directly above the well.
Ancient Egyptians measured long distances by counting the number of steps it took to walk.
Some sources say the “Well of Eratosthenes” was on Elephantine island on the Nile river.
The mathematician
Eratosthenes noticed that at noon on the day of the summer solstice, the obelisk threw a shadow – meaning that the sun was not directly above it. He deduced that this was because of the curvature of the Earth, and realised it could be used to calculate our planet’s circumference.
Here you can see the well in Swenet as well as the obelisk in Alexandria. The sun rays fall directly into the well, but hit the obelisk at an angle and cast a shadow.
Eratosthenes measured that the angle of the shadow was 7.2°. This is the same as the central angle of the arc from Alexandria to Swenet, because they are
Now we can use the equation for arc length that we derived above:
If we rearrange this, we find that the circumference of the Earth is
Finally, we know that the circumference of a circle is
Eratosthenes’ measurement was one of the most important experiments in antiquity. His estimate of Earth’s size was surprisingly accurate, especially when considering that he only had access to very basic measuring tools.
Of course, it can be difficult to translate his original results into modern units like kilometres. In ancient Greece, distance was measured in stadia (approximately 160 m), but there was no universal standard. Every area had a slightly different version, and we don’t know which one Eratosthenes used.
In the following centuries, scientists tried to use other methods to calculate the radius of Earth – sometimes with very different, and incorrect results.
It was one of these incorrect measurements that prompted Christopher Columbus to sail west from Portugal. He assumed that Earth was much smaller than it actually is, and hoped to reach India. In fact, he arrived at a different continent in between: the Americas.
SegmentsWe are working with a well-respected local builder and are happy to promote this one off andquot;MODERN DESIGN VILLAandquot; on the very well thought of Las Colinas Golf Resort. This villa has been created to have everything on just one level. But also to take full advantage of the privileged location, the hours of sunshine and light in this area. The builder has also created an incline to the roof to give the villa extra light and life. When entering the plot, you will have the villa and terraces on your left. Just next to the car parking area you will find a practical storage room big enough for golf clubs, bicycles etc. On entering the villa there is a hallway that is spacious and provides you with direct views to the terrace and andldquo;beach areaandrdquo;. in the lounge you will be able to enjoy the views and the light.
The terrace area provides you with more than 150 m2 of terrace with different areas to enjoy, with the main terrace offering almost 100 m2 plus the beach area which is designed like an infinity pool filling up the real pool below. There is a floating stairs which is under-lit and takes you up to the second terrace which offers not only space to enjoy, but also access to the pool and the chill-out area. The chill-out area is integrated into the pool area with a gas fire pit in the middle. This clever use of design and space provides the villa with 3 levels of outdoor space to fully enjoy both the day time as well as the evenings. Throughout the villa the builder has focussed on the little things that make this villa standout such as continuing stone wall from the parking to the terrace, the open glass cabinet in the kitchen, the inclined roof, lots of natural light, exterior up-lights and much more.
The price of this amazing villa is 1,120,000 euros and we suggest that if this opportunity ticks lots of boxes, that you contact us to arrange a meeting with the builder to review all the options available to make sure you get the best out of this great opportunity. This villa is just a short drive from a selection of shops and bars and only a 15-minute drive to the beach, so contact us now andndash; Thank you for looking!By MARIANA ZEPEDA ’14
Online Editor
On Feb. 19, Facebook announced its largest purchase yet. The social media networking giant has bought Whatsapp for a whopping $19 billion (give or take), stunning Facebook users and business analysts everywhere. The general public response was: Facebook just bought what?
Whatsapp, an instant messaging site that allows users to communicate instantly with anyone in the world for a meager $0.99 a year, is not well-known here in the United States. Whatsapp operates online, allowing users to bypass text-messaging charges to text friends and family a world away. Notably, Whatsapp has a much higher popularity abroad than in this country. As an international student, I use Whatsapp on a daily basis; it’s probably the social media network I use the most (ok, fine, second to Snapchat). Thanks to the app on my phone, I can text friends and family back in Mexico or send them photos of the mounds of snow here in Boston that refuse to melt away. Indeed, a main reason behind Facebook’s buy is Whatsapp’s global popularity. The Facebook blog boasts that Whatsapp connects millions of people worldwide.
Jan Koum, Whatsapp’s co-founder and CEO, will join the Facebook team, though Whatsapp and Facebook Messenger will operate autonomously.
Business analysts continue to puzzle over the implications of Mark Zuckerberg’s splurge. Conspiracy theories are afoot: Some fear that Zuckerberg’s masterplan is to terminate Whatsapp completely in order to carve out the market for Facebook Messenger. Still others worry that Facebook will ultimately pilfer information from the estimated 450 million users of Whatsapp.
Forbes’s Maseena Ziegler writes that this is a genuine concern. One of Whatsapp’s greatest attributes is the fact that the app does not collect information from its users the way that Facebook does—to sign up, you simply have to provide the company with your phone number. In practical terms, this means that Whatsapp does not gain access to its users’ locations, personal information or viewing preferences. This is because Whatsapp does not rely as heavily as Facebook on advertisements. But Facebook hardly needs to amp up its advertising revenue.
Analysts also wonder whether this buy is linked to Facebook’s fear of losing its younger demographics in lieu of a much older user population; and in fact the presence of teenagers is dwindling on this social media site, as young users move towards other networks like Instagram. Though Zuckerberg is certainly the type to plan ahead, Whatsapp came with an unprecedentedly large price tag—would shifting demographics really justify such a large purchase?
Many believe that this is simply another one of Facebook’s efforts to continue colonizing the social media industry, and I must say that I agree. It’s scary to think of Facebook gaining yet another foothold in social media and tightening its almost autocratic grip on our lives.
Let’s hope Snapchat continues to spurn Zuckerberg.BYND Stock – Beyond Meat results beat, suspends 2020 forecast on COVID-19 concerns
(Reuters) – Beyond Meat Inc reported better-than-expected quarterly results on Tuesday as it sold more of its plant-based meat products and cut costs on packaging and labor, sending its shares up 3% after the bell.
However, the vegetarian burger maker suspended its 2020 forecast as the COVID-19 pandemic hit demand for the company’s plant-based meat products at restaurants.
Closure of dine-in areas and restrictions on movement have severely dented sales at restaurants, including Beyond Meat’s restaurant partners McDonald’s Inc, Dunkin Brands Group Inc and Starbucks Corp and have forced them to rethink how to service customers through limited operations.
Beyond Meat Chief Executive Officer Ethan Brown told Reuters on Tuesday that food service sales in March were about 23% lower than what the company had expected, while sales at retail outlets were up 12%.
Sales at its U.S. food service channel rose 156% to $22.6 million in the first quarter, while sales grew 57% to $18.6 million in the international food service business. In contrast, it had posted a 312% growth in the overall restaurant and food service business in the previous quarter.
“Like most food businesses, we have felt the impact but by no means is it destabilizing the business,” Brown said. Packaged food makers, including Hershey Co, Kellogg Co and Mondelez International Inc, have all pointed to weakness in their food service channel in their recent earnings calls.
To combat the weakness in its food service business, Beyond Meat has been doubling down on its expansion in retail outlets, the most recent being its partnership with Amazon Fresh.
“We’re repurposing lines that were running for food service to retail … So this is not about just waiting this out, it’s about how do we reroute to get to the consumer,” Brown said.
Beyond Meat’s products are currently sold by grocers including Walmart Inc and Amazon.com Inc’s Whole Foods.
Overall, Beyond Meat’s quarterly net sales rose 141.4% to $97.1 million, the slowest growth in at least five quarters, but beat Wall Street estimate it to post a loss of 7 cents per share.
Reporting by Praveen Paramasivam in Bengaluru; Editing by Shailesh Kuber
BYND Stock – Beyond Meat results beat, suspends 2020 forecast on COVID-19 concerns
Tags: BYND Stock
Stock Market
Latest News on C N N.Building Links Through Do-Follow Blogs - Spam?
Encrypting your link and protect the link from viruses, malware, thief, etc! Made your link safe to visit.
I was reading through i of my favorite blogs , Search Engine Journal , together with stumbled upon an fantabulous article regarding the purpose of spider web log commentes for link edifice together with the on-going declaration of whether or non it is 'considered' spamming.
The writer Ann Smarty raises an of import question! “If I construct links via spider web log commenting - create I await similar a spammer?”
To encounter how comment spam tin forcefulness out hold upwards identified algorithmically , let’s endeavor analyzing Spam Karma reports (it was entirely fooled i time or twice amongst my ain blog). The plugin uses combination of the next ‘red flags’:
- It looks at the menses of fourth dimension the comment was posted afterward the page loaded;
- It analyzes if the comment contains an URL(s) inwards content;
- (If at that topographic point is an URL inwards content) it compares non-URL comment length together with the length of the URL itself;
- It looks if the URLs are linked or not;
- It filters some ’spammy’ IPs;
- It looks how quondam the postal service is together with how long agone the latest comment at that topographic point appeared;
- It tracks if the poster’s browser looks natural (e.g. if it supports JavaScript);
A search engine tin forcefulness out create pretty much the same plus it mightiness hold upwards looking into:
- comment relevancy;
- overall comment content length;
- similar/same comments or then several blogs;
- your linked comments acquisition charge per unit of measurement (e.g. 100 per twenty-four hr menses mightiness await unnatural);
- some blacklist words similar "porn" both inwards the writer link together with the
comment body.
This is for sure a hot topic! Feel gratis to operate out your thoughts or suggestions inwards the comments below..
Link will be apear in 15 seconds.
Well done! you have successfully gained access to Decrypted Link.TEANECK, N.J. (CBSNewYork) — A motorcycle rider died Monday after crashing into a deer in New Jersey.
The crash happened around 5 a.m. on Route 4 between Belle Avenue and Margaret Street in Teaneck.
The eastbound lanes were closed for several hours during the morning commute.
So far, the victim’s name has not been released.I cannot imagine what exactly the Chinese artist Chen Changwei decided to convey, a Dog or a man. He breaks with tradition to reinvent the Chinese zodiac in a series of surrealistic busts in the tradition of Pate de Cristal. The Dalmatian head perched on top of an elongated neck of a human being seems like the dual qualities exhibited by a human being, that of a Dog and a man. (According to my philosophy) The artistic people are said to be highly unconventional and peculiar in their approach as well as choice. So someone or the other will certainly hit on this one.
/>
This piece of art has a limited edition of 188 and it is a part of Daum’s china collection. This $12,1250 piece measures 13” and comes in a Navy blue color.
/>Sample 90 Day Business Plan Of Action
90-Day Sales Action Plan Template.Sample 30 60 90 Day Business sample 90 day business plan of action Plan.In this industry, companies need to be cautious about time management in every marketing strategy or business action plan.Maintaining regular and effective communication sample 90 day business plan of action processes with peers, superiors, and other stakeholders..30 60 90 Day Sales Action Plan Example Download.Today I want to help you create your 90-Day network marketing success plan, so you can grow your business like wildfire.Your First 30 Days’ Mantra: LEARN.30-60-90 day plans are usually created during.30-60-90 day plans help maximize work output in the first 90 days in a new position by creating specific, manageable goals tied to the company's mission and the role's duties and expectations.The first three quadrants walk managers through each month, while the fourth quadrant holds notes and other helpful information gathered throughout these 90 days.It’s not about making sure that you keep a sure eye on the tasks.While an employee focuses on learning in the first 30 days, learning does not stop at the 60-day or 90-day marks The first steps to developing a 30-60-90-day business plan involve researching the business and its goals.This is a versatile template for PowerPoint presentations on 30-60-90 plan.Once you have acquired this template, all you have to do this is to make the necessary changes until you are able to make a business plan that you’re satisfied with.For those that have been the most successful, goal sample 90 day business plan of action setting seems to be one of the common attributes.The plan is helpful not only for keeping yourself focused on specific targets but also for keeping your manager in the loop.The truth is, managers love 30-60-90 plans This document is designed to be private for you, like a journal entry, and is a great opportunity to reflect and think of new ideas to try in your next role, which you can then include in your 30 60 90 day plan.This network marketing success secret will transform your business.By planning out your goals using the 30-60-90 day business plan , you have already created your own vision and you’re sure to use your full potential as a new hire or even as a potential employee The 30/60/90-day plan is the way to do that.The slide layout can be easily edited and customized with any different number of day range or to create a totally different action plan design.A 30-60-90 day plan is what it sounds like A simple plan of any sort can provide you a concrete vision of where you’re going, what you want to be, and what you have to accomplish.It is the period of “make-or-break” for new CEOs.Over the past 12 months, the median home price in Arizona increased by 23.9% (to $409,000). This is a very steep increase in home values. Calling this current real estate market “hot” is an understatement.
One of the common questions we get in response to this market is: “The real estate market is doing well. Is now a good time to buy a rental property?”
The Answer? It depends.
Here are three considerations to properly answer the question for you.
1. What is your motivation?
We receive an increase in inquiries about real estate when the market is on the upswing. Higher home values and price increases are all over the news. This increase in home values has everyone wondering, “Am I going to miss out on an opportunity?” Sadly, it is FOMO (fear of missing out) that makes the inquiries increase. This fear should not be a primary motivating factor when making any financial decisions. Especially investment decisions.
Be honest with yourself. What is your motivation? If it is FOMO, you should probably disengage from buying an investment property and do so when you have a more sober-minded approach.
2. Do you want to be a landlord?
As mentioned in this blog, being a landlord is not for everyone. As I discussed in this video, I am never going to do it again. It was a big pain in my butt.
The problem with being a landlord is that it is often a full-time job. And that full-time job on top of your other full-time job can be a major disruption to your life. Being a landlord negatively impacted my ability to be the husband, dad, business owner, and friend I wanted to be.
But there is good news! You can hire out for this. The problem with hiring a property manager is the cost. Which leads us to the next thing you need to consider.
3. Does the math work?
It does not matter how hot or how cold the market is. If the math works, then it could be a GREAT idea to buy a rental property. Here is the math you need to do:
Annual Income minus Annual Expenses minus Margin = left over
Did you see the word “margin?” That is a factor many people miss. Your calculations MUST include a buffer of some sort.
I talked about this in a recent blog titled, “My Biggest Investment Mistake,” but too often people do not take into consideration unexpected expenses or unexpected things that limit income. As a result, it is not wise to assume 12 months of income on the rental property or assume the expenses you are currently thinking of as the only expenses you will have as a property owner. To help make your math more realistic, it would benefit you to not only subtract expenses from your estimated income, but to subtract even more to create a margin.
That said, if you are being conservative with your calculations and your “leftover” is a positive number that gets you excited, buying a real estate property for rental income could be a good idea. Even in a hot market.
Here is the reality: What makes a real estate investment a good idea has more to do with the specific property and your specific situation than the condition of the market.Time is ticking! There are now under 3 weeks left until I need to begin setting up the lights, cables, computer, etc.
In terms of those ‘leaping features’, I do not think they will be in this year’s display. I haven’t settled enough on how many arches I need and how big they should be, so I’d rather put it off and get it right.
I am nearly done with sequencing the lights to this year’s soundtrack. The opening night track is all done, as well as three regular songs. The fourth song is about a 30% complete.GALLERY
Gallery
A bright and expansive coronal mass ejection (CME) unfurled itself over about an eight-hour period (January 24, 2006) this week. As seen in SOHO's LASCO C2 coronagraph, the bright front emerged in the shape of an arc from behind the occulting disk but soon expanded into a ragged, bulbous shape with lots of structural lines inside it. (The Sun is represented by the white circle in the center of the red occulting disk.) The source of this CME was apparently an active region just beginning to rotate into view the following day.
Downloads
- Full-size image [JPG, 478K]
- Medium-size image [JPG, 13K]
- Hi-resolution size image [TIF, 2.9M]Community Organisations
New Farm, Queensland, 4005
We are a non-auditioned choir, welcoming all gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgendered, intersex, queer and our straight allies.
We welcome and encourage gay, lesbian, bisexual, trans, intersex and queer-friendly people of all age groups to join our choir. We pride ourselves on providing an inclusive and safe environment for our weekly rehearsals.
In 2013 younger members formed within the Choir a youth chorus, Young Pride, which first performed in September 2013.
If you have a love of singing and performing and wish to join our fabulous Choir, please contact us.Fantasy Football Football Top Stories Fantasy Football Sleepers For Week 9 November 5, 2021November 5, 2021 Ken Zalis Fantasy Football, Fantasy Football Advice, Fantasy football sleepers, fantasy football week 9, Ken Zalis Ken Zalis offers some fantasy football sleepers for Week 9 of the NFL season, including Bills running back Zack Moss. Read moreThe story began when Highland Transport Authority HITRANS decided to modernize and digitize their transport system to keep up with new trends being adopted elsewhere in the world. With this aim, the Scottish government commissioned Fleetondemand to develop a MaaS project and an application called Mobilleo for users to interact with transport in the region.
In addition, a specific application was developed for HITRANS called GO-HI. Similar to Mobilleo, the HITRANS app had to integrate all Highlands transport information, from bus schedules to carsharing and, of course, the new demand-responsive transportation (DRT) system Shotl developed for Moray council, which updates the previous analog DRT system, Dial M for Moray.
Covering over 2,100 km², Moray is divided into five smaller areas: Buckie, Elgin, Forres, Keith and Speyside. The latter covers 1,200 km² and is the location for Shotl's first DRT operations, with other areas to join over the following weeks. The objective is always to evolve the service towards a unified model and improved user experience.
The operation begins with five vehicles of a total of 14 expected once all areas are integrated, and is active all day Monday-Friday and reduced hours on Saturdays.
Two major technological developments have been implemented for this operation. First, Door-to-Door, a feature that allows passengers to be picked up right at their place of origin and dropped off right outside their destination, eliminating the trip to and from the bus stop. This type of service is ideal for people with reduced mobility (PRM) or, indeed, for any other operation where it could be useful. In urban and peri-urban environments, for practical, safety or regulatory reasons, a Corner-to-Corner system is more appropriate. However, Moray is a purely rural area with a widely distributed population. Therefore, this project fully justifies Door-to-Door and builds on Shotl’s success with rural projects like Stradella (Italy) and Alta Segarra (Spain).
A Fare Calculating System has also been developed. Once certain parameters are input, like origin, destination, type of passenger and/or possible discounts, the application gives the journey price. Payment is also fully integrated into the GO-HI app.
Moray's new DRT system represents one of Shotl’s largest deployments by area to date and takes place along with the joint launch of our technology in several European cities during spring 2021.
25.11.19
Providing frequent and cost-effective public transport in scattered residential areas is a challenge. But success stories do exist. Like our fully functional operation in the city of Vimercate, located in Italy’s northern Monza province.
28.10.19
A distracted driver is a dangerous driver, and cellphone use at the wheel is a modern disease that’s on the rise globally.
29.03.21
DRT allows companies to cut costs and emissions, so it’s the ideal way for large organizations to transition to sustainable mobility.I confess that I am having a hard time understanding Marty Feldstein's latest column…
To paraphrase, the argument as I see it seems to go as follows:
"Banks and investors are currently paying much more than the fundamental value for long-term treasury bonds."
"Therefore the Federal Reserve needs to raise short-term interest rates now and keep them higher than it would otherwise." But why? Raising short-term nominal rates reduces the fundamental value of long-term Treasuries, And if Treasury prices normalize before maturity increases the losses that long-term Treasury holders will suffer. If the big problem is that Treasury bondholders are going to suffer losses, why does increasing those losses help? Moreover, higher interest rates increase unemployment. Surely, given the current elevated level of inemployment increasing unemployment is the last thing we should do.
"And the Federal Reserve needs to sell off the long-term Treasuries it was planning to hold to maturity." But again why? Selling off long-term Treasuries will force them to be held by those who value them less, and increase the capital losses that those currently holding long-term Treasuries but planning to trade them rather than hold them to maturity will suffer.
"To the extent that banks and other highly leveraged financial institutions hold long-term Treasuries, their forthcoming price decline could cause bankruptcies and financial-market breakdown." But isn't that an argument for (a) the Fed's buying more Treasuries and holding them to maturity in order to diminish banking-sector exposure and thus the risks of financial-market breakdown, and (b) application of much stricter regulatory rules to force banks to exchange hot-money debt liabilities for equity as a funding source so that any price declines are handled well--as in the dot-com crash of 2000-2001--rather than badly--as in the mortgage-backed security crash of 2008-2009.
Marty closes by writing "we may look back on these years as a time when official policy led to individual losses and overall financial instability." But isn't that an argument for doubling down on the current expansionary monetary policy, not backing away from it?
Martin Feldstein:
When Interest Rates Rise by Martin Feldstein: CAMBRIDGE –.
The[sic] three.
The reason for today’s unsustainably low long-term rates is not a mystery. The Federal Reserve’s policy of “long-term asset purchases,” also known as “quantitative easing,” has intentionally kept long-term rates low. The Fed is buying Treasury bonds and long-term mortgage-backed securities at a rate of $85 billion a month, equivalent to an annual rate of $1,020 billion. Since that exceeds the size of the government deficit, it implies that private markets do not need to buy any of the newly issued government debt.
The. CommentsT. CommentsT.For discussion of any and all Gundam series.
Sticky Threads
The Gundam franchise is big, there's no denying that. The whole freaking franchise is very overwhelming. I mean it spawned 11 TV shows, several OVAs, theatrical films and specials. I'm not even counting the countless sidestory mangas, video games and novels that gets released mostly every month...
Alright, here you can continue discussing the Gundam series. =) Have fun and play nice, kiddies. I don't want to come with the rolled up newspaper and swat you across your head every time you don't behave. <33
~ Soph
All discussion about the Gundam series goes here. :D Please leave it as that. Maybe we won't have a billion thread floating around. ^_^
Normal Threads
Thought I'd ask the AF Gundam crowd this; if you were a Gundam pilot (from any era in the metaseries), what kind of weapons and abilites would your Mobile Suit have?
Simply discuss your favorite female characters from any Gundam series.
What Gundam series is your favorite? I bet that most will say, Gundam Wing, as I will, but I have to say that Gundam SEED comes in a close second.
This is quite possibly my favorite anime. How much do you guys like it?
...were should I start?
Random idea, but whatever. So AF, what would you do?
What's everyone's thoughts on the live action G Savior? I know it's probably blasphemy, but it's the only Gundam thing I've ever seen, except for part of a random episode of Gundam Wing. I've been interested in watching the series from the beginning.
List your 3 favorite mobile suits here. Use template lolol
Name: ZGMF-X19A Infinity Justice
Pilot(s): Lacus Clyne(for a brief 10 minutes), and Athrun Zala
Description: One of the ultimate nuclear powered Gundam Mobile Suits in Gundam Seed Destiny. It is an upgrade model of the Justice, which...
I think that the saddest part of the series was when Nicol died. I felt so sorry for him and his piano music makes me want to cry even more. :'(
Does anyone else think that too.
Nicol's Piano:
Anyone...
Ok.. i believe this quote im trying to find is in the Endless Waltz version of Gundam Wing that played in the USA. It happend (i think) durring a fight between Zero and Epsilon. It was something Relena (or one of the other female characters) said.
Unless im completely mixing things up it was...
So what got you hooked onto the series/genera?
Gundam Wing was my first exposure to anything Gundam related. I want to say I was in eighth grade when I saw Optimus Prime hype up the series. Around episode 10 is where I would say I was hooked.....I think that is the episode were Heero Yuy does...
classic gundam
all of first gundam series here...
i have been watching gundam since i was small and ive been buying them up as i go. so far my last gundam is Gundam 00. i started watching unicorn and i must say the character animation is different from the animator of seed an 00. seems closer to that of the original mobile suit gundam.
anyway...
For me it would probably be Relena, Hilde, or Noin. If you don't know who Hilde is, she's this chick who looks similar to Noin.
Episode 4 titled "At The Bottom Of The Gravity Well" will be released on November 12, 2011 for the PSN. The DVD and BD release will be on December 2.
Synopsis:
Characters and mecha that will appear in the episode:
Is there any Gundam mobile suit that can seat two people? Or has it only been one person, which is the pilot?
i think i'm most like setsuna f. seiei from gundam 00 because i dont show my emotions often but when i do i am a force to be reckoned with:)
G....
For,...
been reading this on Wiki and other sites, so far there hasn't been a release date set in the US, but it was licensed back in august of last year
And so I finally watched the movie...
My thoughts?
The movie was pretty meh... I was really expecting something here but I was really disappointed.
Bad stuff
More info here.,.........
I'm definitely getting the DVD. Turn A Gundam is my fave Gundam series of all time.
Another...
I got some big news here.
Yoshikazu Yasuhiko's Gundam the Origin manga will be getting an anime adaptation. For...
So by now pretty much everyone has heard of the new "Gundam AGE" project. Whether it'll be a success or not is still pretty much up in the air and has a lot of fans, myself included, a bit skeptical.
However, in a most unexpected turn of events, it would appear that yet another new Gundam...
This coming June 13, Bandai and Sunrise will have a live press conference to announce a new Gundam series. Also, some people from the Gundam 00 are involved in this new project. I'm betting it's another AU series. Anyway, I will post more as this gets+calamitystrange Posted January 27, 2011 Share Posted January 27, 2011 i recently hid a new cache in a very neat and unusual container. it was a relic from my childhood: a metal, waterproof, match container, that had an unusual way of being opened. it required a certain method of unscrewing tension so that it could be 'flipped' open. the logs of the people that had found it were intrigued by it's unusual construction: "I think it took longer for me to figure out how the container worked than locating the cache. Interesting." "This container sure took awhile to figure out how to open and close!" "Finding it is half the problem. Opening it, the other half. Another clever little cache." and so on. this morning i received this note: "...we must have spent at least 15 minutes trying to open it. Eventually, I used a bottle opener, thinking I could put things right after opening it. Wrong! So, now the end is pried open and the cache could use some TLC. However, it securely back in it's location." and i am SO bummed. part of the beauty of geocaching is finding caches that are NOT simple to open and require some thinking. in the event a person has trouble figuring out how to get it open, all one has to do is read the previous logs to discover that, yes, it is possible to open this without breaking it. this is one of my favorites, and clearly, no one has taken a hack saw to it yet: Beulah Land i realize sometimes people might break a cache on accident, but this is an odd case. clearly using a can opener to pry back the metal was not what anyone else had done to get it open. is there some protocol here? please advise. thanks. Quote Link to comment
Recommended Posts
Join the conversation
You can post now and register later. If you have an account, sign in now to post with your account.
Note: Your post will require moderator approval before it will be visible.Adidas Predator 20.3 Firm Ground Cleats
Find your unfair advantage and transform your game with the all-new men's Adidas Predator 20.3 Firm Ground Soccer Cleats. The soft textile upper has a mid-cut design to support your ankle. Raised elements on the forefoot help you add swerve to every strike.
Features
- Micro-textured upper for improved ball control
- Mid-cut firm ground soccer cleats
- Demonscale 3D-print strike zone
- Regular fit with Lace closure
- Coated textile upper
- Pack: Adidas ShadowbeastWomen's Services
Mission
Alcohol and Other Drugs advocates for families affected by addiction through direct services for women. We have developed programs specifically for women who are pregnant and mothers with young children. Through its network of county and community-based service providers, AODS delivers gender-responsive, trauma-focused and family-oriented care to the women of Contra Costa County.
All services comply with California State Standards for Substance Abuse Treatment and Prevention Services, federal and local laws, including CFR-42 and the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) which protect the confidentiality of our clients. Additionally, Women Services adhere to the Perinatal Services Network Guidelines (PSNG).
Who is Eligible for Alcohol and Other Drug Women's Services?
We serve low-income women and mothers who are pregnant or parenting who have insurance, are Medi-Cal eligible or who currently have no insurance coverage. Treatment services are based on a sliding fee scale. However, no one is denied services based on inability to pay.
What Services are Available for Pregnant and Parenting Women?
Perinatal services: Residential, detox and outpatient treatment programs throughout Contra Costa County for pregnant women and women with dependent children, including women who are attempting to regain custody of their children, as well as parents participating in CalWORKs Welfare to Work.
Please see our AODS Women Services Directory of Resources for more information.
SAMHWorks: Wellness to Independence
SAMHWorks: Wellness to Independence provides treatment assessment and referral services for CalWORKs recipients. Parents participating in CalWORKs Welfare to Work and considering substance use treatment are encouraged to contact the SAMHWorks offices below for assistance, but they can also contact treatment programs directly. SAMHWorks liaisons can help women on CalWORKs navigate barriers to treatment, including assisting with transportation and childcare.
- Antioch: 925-706-4688
- Pleasant Hill: 925-602-9444
- Hercules: 510-262-8572
- Richmond: 510-412-3200
Partnerships and Collaborating Agencies
To address the complex, multisystemic needs of the women of Contra Costa County, we partner with other county agencies to offer comprehensive, interdisciplinary and quality care to our community's families.
- Employment and Human Services (EHSD)
- Family, Maternal and Child Services (FMCH)
- Contra Costa County Public Health
- Labor and Delivery and Post Partum at Contra Costa Regional Medical Center
- WIC Centers
- First FiveI love when I run into a company that is more than just cash out of my pocket. A difference is made when purchasing from Barely & Birch. A difference that can be displayed for all to see. Organic clothing is a lifestyle we strive so desperately for as a family, but it isn't always easy. It's hard knowing which companies actually stand behind their products or truly believe in what they do. Barley & Birch is one of those companies. I am in love, so very in love. Oreo will be sporting his little Tree Hugger Tee all day April 22nd and I can only hope at the big Michigan Earth Day festival we have tons of passersby ask us where it was purchased!
Straight from the Source:
Kids get dibs on the future. Let's give them a good one. Imagine you're a kid. Your whole life's in front of you. But so are melting ice caps, shrinking rain forests, and all kinds of other bad-dreamy things. No fair! Kids need clothes, but they also need a healthy abundant world. Barley & birch was created to give them both. Their shirts, onesies, pants and hats are made in the USA using 100% certified organic cotton and water-based inks. (They don't pollute the earth, water, or expose farm workers to toxins.) Also, at least 15% of their profits go to several carbon-reducing initiatives in order to fully offset the carbon emissions that result from the production of their garments. And at least another 15% goes to organizations that improve people's lives around the world.
Barley&Birch Newsletter
**Many thanks to Barley & Birch for sponsoring this Review and Giveaway**
Giveaway EndedSeptic Tank Contractor in Tavares, FL
Eliminate clogs and other problems with ease when you turn to the team at American Septic Inc for your services. At our local company, our septic tank contractor in Tavares, FL, offers a range of services for customers throughout the area. No matter what type of problem you are experiencing, we have the expertise you need to tackle the issue. Speak with our septic system contractor today to request a full fix for any type of problem.
Keeping Septic Systems Running
Take care of your system issues when you work with our professional contractors for your services. From repairs to general maintenance, we have you covered for every type of project. Our family-owned company is available to perform a variety of different service options for any type of setup. We offer the following for our customers:
- Septic Tank Pumping
- Emergency Septic Tank Repairs
- Lift Station Services
- Septic Tank System Repairs
- Septic Tank Inspections
- Septic Tank System Replacements
Count on Our Septic System Contractor
When you are dealing with a sudden septic issue, finding a reputable contractor can be scary, stressful, and time-consuming. Receive the top septic tank service when you trust our team with your work. Our family-owned company is dedicated to providing customers with professional, prompt, and efficient work. With our knowledge and expertise, you will have the right team on your side to tackle every problem.
A Complete Inspection
At our company, we believe you should receive top service at a price that doesn’t break the bank. Before starting any work, our septic tank contractor performs a comprehensive inspection of your system. Once we identify your specific needs, we are able to tailor our plan to restore your setup.
Emergency Options from Our Septic Contractor
Unfortunately, it is impossible to predict when disaster will strike. When you are dealing with a sudden issue with your septic systems, we ensure that you receive a fast and effective fix without delay. Our team offers emergency services 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Our Septic Tank Company Features Free Estimates
You have enough to spend money on without stressing over the cost of your septic services. Our company is committed to delivering top work at a price that fits every budget. We offer free estimates on all of our jobs for your convenience, and we never suggest repairs and other services that you do not truly need.
Contact us to use our septic system services for your setup. We serve customers located throughout Central Florida.Germany turned out in force for the opening of the first Apple Store in Berlin on Friday. RuptlyTV posted a video of the opening and the huge crowds, while ifoAppleStore.com tweeted that employees handed out 4,500 shirts commemorating the event. It looks like it was a fun day and we wish we could have been there. [Via Fortune]
Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter or Facebook) or Register for a TMO accountPrologue
The actual item that came it very small comparing to the actual picture. Other then that, the girls loved it! The Best Melissa & Doug Decorate-Your-Own Wooden Heart Box Craft Kit as-of ( Nov 2021 ) | Melissa Doug-Toys And Games Review Attribute Melissa & Doug Decorate-Your-Own Wooden Heart Box Craft Kit An engaging arts-and-crafts activity and lasting keepsake. Includes a wooden box, glitter glue, white glue, colorful gems, 4 pots of paint and a brush.. Solid wooden construction. Great value. Art supplies are washable and child-safe. .
Melissa & Doug Decorate-Your-Own Wooden Heart Box Craft Kit Review (3094)
Great valentine and craft - this is a great valentine. Save your money. This year i bought these instead of a lot of junk for my kids on valentines morning. They were so happy and stayed busy for a few hours. It was relaly fun. -
T. Nicole
- Artist: Melissa & Doug
- Rank: Toy
- Brand: Melissa & Doug
- Color: Multi-Color
- EAN: 0053786241402
- Product Dimensions:
- ItemPart/Serial Number: 3094
- Manufacturer: Melissa & Doug
- Recommended Max-Age: 96
- Suggested Min-Age: 48
- Model: 3094
- MPN: 3094
- Total Items: 1
- Quantity: 1
- Part/Serial Number: 3094
- Group-Order: Toy
- Category: TOYS AND GAMES
- ReleaseDate: 2013-01-01
- Size: Artistic
- Product-Name: Melissa & Doug Decorate-Your-Own Wooden Heart Box Craft Kit
- UPC: 885484729391
- Warranty: Please Check With The Manufacturer Regarding Warranty And Support Issues.
Toy(885484729391:Toys And Games), Melissa & Doug Decorate-your-own Wooden Heart Box Craft Kit (0053786241402:Melissa Doug), Toy
Melissa & Doug Decorate-Your-Own Wooden Heart Box Craft Kit (Switch to Mobile/Desktop Version)
This a great little birthday gift! this allows for use of fine motor skills, imagination and creativity. The box is a well made product that can be kept for a long time. My child and friend had a blast each decorating their very own trinket boxes. Kept them busy for a long time, and they were left with something they crafted themselves.Melissa & Doug Decorate-your-own Wooden Heart Box Craft Kit (Toys And Games) 3094
Click to see NoticeMelissa & Doug Decorate-your-own Wooden Heart Box Craft Kit (Melissa Doug)"This is a cute craft! i bought it for a 5 year old girl and she loved it! it is smaller than expected, but so cheap! it is about the size of a fist. We were both happy!"
Clothing & Shoes » Furniture » Strollers » Melissa & Doug Decorate-your-own Wooden Heart Box Craft Kit (Toys And Games) 3094
Melissa & Doug Decorate-Your-Own Wooden Princess Mirror Craft Kit
Your reflection will be regal in this glamorous wooden mirror set! this creative kit includes a wooden mirror, glitter and craft glue, sparkling gems and stickers to personalize your project. A perfect activity for parties or rainy days!
Melissa-Doug-Decorate-Your-Own-Wooden-Princess
LEGO Bricks & More Valentines Cupid Dog 40201 Building Kit
Omg im not one that have the patience to do lego nor do i ever made one but this is so fun n easy to do. Love it!.
LEGO-Bricks-Valentines-Cupid-Building
See Lego Bricks & Valentines Cupid Dog 40201 Building Kit (6137101) FAQ.
This was my first lego set in a while since i was a little kid actually. It was really fun and the family liked seeing it built and displayed on valetine's morning. I bet a date born in the 90s would like this made by you as a valentine lol. Good quality and some unique cool parts. -Notice from L. Gloria, Hampshire
Click to Show lego bricks & valentines cupid dog 40201 building kit (6137101) Details
I am so happy i got this product and it was under $10! i got this as part of my early valentine's gift for my boyfriend and he loved it. It reminded him of his childhood when he used to build legos all the time and it wasn't complicated at all to build. It was fun, cute, and nostalgic and the expression on his face was priceless when he saw i got him a lego set.
- G. WadeA little pricey, but that's to be expected with lego's. My son loved it and i love that i can pick up holiday themed gifts for him so easily. I'm not a fan of dollar store junk toys. I prefer to buy these that will last and not need to be thrown in the trash after the first time of playing with them.
It was really cute and my daughter loved it. It was really expensive for how small it was though. I thought this would be a bigger set for how much i paid.
O. Allen, Calderdale
Webkinz Plush Stuffed Animal Love Monkey, valentine-Stuffed-Animal-Monkey-valentine
Melissa & Doug Decorate-Your-Own Wooden Heart Box Craft Kit.
Melissa-Doug-Decorate-Your-Own-Wooden-Heart
Melissa & Doug Design-Your-Own Headbands Jewelry-Making Kit With 50+ Stickers!
Melissa-Doug-Design-Your-Own-Headbands-Jewelry-Making
Shopkins Sweet Heart Collection Toy
Shopkins sweet heart collectionwe knew you couldn't stop! cute, fun shopkins characters to add to your collection. Because once you shop, you can't stop! 6 exclusive shopkins plus bagfeatures:what are you waiting for-more fun shopkins to collectcontains: 6 exclusive shopkins characters plus bagcollector guide includeddimensions: 1. 42 inches x 6. 5 inches x 7. 36 inchesrecommended age: 5 - 9 years
Shopkins-Sweet-Heart-Collection-Toy
Valentine's Day Super Huge Grow Eggs - Hatch Your Own Pets - Gift For Kids, Mom, Loved Ones
Valentine's super grow eggs - allergy friendly treats and best valentines day gifts for your children, nieces, cousins, etc. Directions for use: place eggs in water. Within 24 hours your egg will begin to crack. Each day, replace water. The pet will continue to grow, out of its shell. You may help the pet out, but it will keep growing up to 5x-10x its size with or without your help.
Valentines-Super-Huge-Grow-Eggs
VALENTINES SUPER HUGE GROW EGGS (SCS DIRECT) Review
Valentines Super Huge Grow Eggs (Scs Direct) review
- Reviews: Allergy Friendly Alternative In Place Of Valentine's Day Chocolates, Flowers, Etc.
- Reviews: Candy Alternative Valentines Day Gifts For Your Children, Niece, Cousins, Etc.Vincentric, a leader in providing data, knowledge and insight into the automotive industry, announces its Best Fleet Value in America awards for 2007.
In the awards' second year, General Motors, Toyota and Ford Motor Co. brands each took home trophies in seven categories. The Chrysler Group improved from one winner to four in 2007. Repeat winners included the Volvo S40 and S80, Mercedes-Benz E-Class, Toyota Sequoia, Toyota Highlander, Toyota Tacoma, Subaru Outback Wagon and Chevrolet Silverado Chassis Cab.
With a more readily available supply for fleet, hybrids qualified for the 2007 awards and took top honors in three segments. The Toyota Prius won both mid-size segments, and the Mercury Mariner hybrid won its compact SUV segment.
To determine the Best Fleet Value in America awards, Vincentric used its ongoing, comprehensive analysis of fleet lifecycle costs to identify the best fleet values in the industry.
The company measured eight cost factors for more than 2,000 vehicle configurations in the 2007 model year, with twelve different mileage/lifecycle timeframe scenarios used in each of the 50 states and the District of Columbia. The more than 9 million resulting lifecycle cost measurements were then reviewed to determine the winning vehicles.
The eight factors that determined overall lifecycle costs are depreciation, fuel, insurance, opportunity cost, financing, maintenance, taxes and state fees, and repairs. These costs were integrated with the Vincentric Fleet Price, which estimates the acquisition cost, minus fleet incentives, for each vehicle in the study.
Variance in winners from year to year is primarily due to fluctuations in pricing and incentive amounts and changes in residual values. To qualify, manufacturers must meet minimum thresholds based upon commercial and government (non-rental) fleet sales.
Originally posted on Business Fleet
See all commentsMigrating!
Then there was the challenge: "how do I move my data from Wunderlist to Trello?". There are a few paid tools out there, but as much as I'm happy to pay for a good service - I do love free! As such I decided to do it myself.
The first step was exporting all of my data from Wunderlist. Inside of the Wunderlist web app, inside of your account settings you can create a backup. Unfortunately this brought me to my first problem.
I suspect that Wunderlist doesn't play nicely with Safari, but giving me a file called "Unknown" with no extension wasn't very nice either way. Thankfully a quick Google told me that this is in JSON format and so I renamed it, and put it in my Workflow folder in iCloud.
That done it was time to get started! The first thing to do was to poke around at the data and see what it was like. Workflow's "Get Dictionary from Input" was immensely helpful here, and I quickly managed to isolate the lists and tasks. I ended up creating two Workflows here, one which turns each Wunderlist list into a board, with a list - both of which have the name of the Wunderlist list, and then one which fetches all the tasks and puts them onto said list on the correct board.
Wunderlist to Trello Boards and Lists and Wunderlist To Trello Tasks are the two Workflows here - I separated them to allow you to modify them separately more easily. Simply run the first one, and then the second one and off you go!because this is going to be a good one!
What You Will Learn
The lessons of my past 10 years distilled into a podcast including
- The value of money
- Losing someone
- The value of a trusted circle of friends
- Letting people go
- Trying out something new
- Fitness
- Letting go of events
- Controlling my emotions (understanding myself)
- Unlearning previous money beliefs
- Understanding the mind-muscle connection
Resources
- Meditation apps
- LITO Academy (Full disclosure: I earn a small commission with every sign up with LITO Academy at no cost to you.)
- When the body says no
Thank you
If you enjoyed this episode, please do consider leaving a rating or review. Every little bit helps, I promise!A glossary, also known as an idioticon, vocabulary, or clavis, is an alphabetical list of terms in a particular domain of knowledge with the definitions for those terms. Traditionally, a glossary appears at the end of a book and includes terms within that book which are either newly introduced, uncommon or specialized. It’s an e-book file format. This format was developed by International Digital Publishing Forum (IDPF) in EPUB extension allows editors to create and distribute digital publication in one file. Speaking about users, they can download and read EPUB files on different devices such as tablets, computers, e-readers or smartphones. A glossary is a list of terms in alphabetical order with the definitions. Usually, a glossary includes newly introduced, uncommon, or specialized terms of a book and it appears at the end of a book. Nowadays, a glossary is created both for non-fiction fiction books. Harrod's Librarians' Glossary and Reference Book: A Directory of Over 9, Terms, Organizations, Projects, and Acronyms in the Areas of Information Management, Library Science, Publishing, and Archive Management. Raymond John Prytherch, Comp. 9th ed. Brookfield, VT: Gower, Reference ZH32
This is a glossary of terms related to software development. 3-tier application a program that is organized into three major parts: the workstation or presentation interface; the business logic; and the database and related programming.. Software reuse synonyms, Software reuse pronunciation, Software reuse translation, English dictionary definition of Software reuse. Noun 1. object-oriented programming - creating a program that can use and support objects object-oriented programing computer programing, computer.
A Glossary of Islamic Legal Terminology. A glossary, also known as an idioticon. Glossary of Terms. From Wikibooks, open books for an open world. Glossary of business terms Adjective (adj) Headwords for adjectives followed by information in square brackets [only before a noun] and [not before a noun] show any restrictions on where they can be used. Noun (n) The codes [C] and [U] show whether a noun, or a particular sense of a noun, is countable (an agenda, two agendas) or uncountable File Size: 90KB. Software reuse has many facets. Three approaches where the presenter has been involved: Explicit representation of commonality and variability in requirements Similarity metrics for requirements and design artefacts Reuse driven from business process level.RBSC Bookplates
[Bookplate for Mary Katharine Black by Thoreau MacDonald] MacDonald, Thoreau
Description
This pictorial engraving was created using black ink on white paper and portrays an island with two wind-swept trees with a rising/setting sun on the horizon.
Item Media
Item Citations and Data
Rights
Images provided for research and reference use only. Permission to publish, copy, or otherwise use these images must be obtained from Rare Books and Special Collections:Guiso de Pulpo
If you like it, save it!
Save and organize all of the stuff you love in one place.Got it!
If you like something…
Click the heart, it's called favoriting. Favorite the stuff you like.Got it!
Author Notes: I spent a few days in Madrid around New Year's and stumbled upon the Taberna Maceiras, a Galician tavern. They weren't open when I walked by, but something about it spoke to me. When we returned that evening and, 20 minutes before they were to open, there was already a line forming, I knew I'd made the right choice.
There were so many highlights, but the most magical was the Guiso de Pulpo, a simple stew of rice and octopus brought to the table in the battered pot it was cooked in. It was one of those close-your-eyes-and-savour-the-flavour moments.
This is my attempt to re-create the dish. I have made it with both baby octopus and the more fully grown sort, but I think baby works best as the larger ones can be a bit tough. Frozen octopus is actually best, though fresh is fine as well, as long as it has been properly beaten. - innoabrd
Serves 6-8
- 3 onions, chopped
- 5 cloves garlic, sliced
- 3 bay leaves
- 2 red bell or other sweet peppers, sliced into half-rings
- 1 can chopped/crushed Italian tomatoes (I either buy them that way, or empty a can of whole ones into a bowl and smoosh them a few times with a potato masher)
- 1 1/2 teaspoons Spanish sweet pimenton
- 1/2 cup dry white wine
- 1 1/2 cups rice, arborio, bomba or other similar variety
- 4 1/2 cups fish stock
- large pinch saffron, soaked in warm water
- 2 1/2 pounds octopus, cut into bite sized bits
- 5 1/2 ounces finely ground roasted almonds
- 1 bunch parsley, minced
- salt and pepper
- Saute the onions in a bit of olive oil with a pinch of salt until they are golden.
- Add the garlic, bay leaves and red peppers and continue to saute until the peppers soften.
- Add the tomatoes and pimenton and simmer for 10 minutes.
- Add the white wine and simmer for a few moments, then add the rice, stock, saffron (with its soaking water) and the octopus. Stir,add a bit of salt, bring to a boil, stir once more and then cover and turn the heat down to low.
- After about 20 minutes, the rice should be getting close to done. Check it, and if it is nearly done, stir in the almonds and parsley and continue cooking, uncovered, until the rice is done and the dish has a thick, wet, but not soupy consistency. Correct the seasoning and let sit, covered, for about 10 minutes before serving.
Tags: Galician, Spanish, stew
-.Audience ClairAudient The ONE loudspeaker
- REVIEW
- Alan Sircom
- Dec 2013
Audience’s The ONE is a desktop loudspeaker, with ideas way above its station. It’s a crossoverless, single full-range loudspeaker design (albeit with a rear-firing driver in passive radiator mode). There’s also a little wedge-shaped riser to point it upwards if sitting on a desk, or can be used without when on speaker stands. Although it obviously has limits in the bass due to its size and size of speakers, it is the kind of loudspeaker that is best used without anything like a subwoofer, because it will never be fast enough. Instead, just either sit very close or learn how to make bass not so important to you.
Audience has ‘form’ in full-range drivers. The brand’s ClairAudient speaker system sports line arrays of custom made full-range 76mm drivers known as the A3S. But this is the purist form of the concept, with just a single low-mass, high-excursion titanium alloy A3S drive unit to the front of the speaker and a 90mm bass driver to the rear, sitting just above the twin speaker terminals (even if there was a need for it, there isn’t room for bi-wire terminals, the cabinet is that small). It’s internally wired with Audience’s Ohno Continuous Cast monocrystal copper cable, and have magnetically attached grilles.
It’s a solid little beastie, too. The piano gloss finish might be a bit of a pig to photograph, but looks good and doesn’t pick up fingerprints too much. They feel very dead to the knuckle-rap test. It doesn’t weigh much because the speaker is about the size of a large coffee cup, but on the other hand given the small size of the speaker, it’s surprisingly weighty.
We are perhaps more used to the idea of a one-driver, point-source solution than our American counterparts, thanks to the likes of Ted Jordan and Bandor on the UK doorstep, and the popularity of Eclipse TD speakers here in Europe. So, we know almost instinctively that it’s possible to create a ‘full-range’ loudspeaker driver that covers everything from upper-bass to lower-treble without a problem, and that the treble and the high treble can be a problem (they get extremely directional), which can be resolved by a dustcap-shaped phase plug acting as de facto tweeter.
However, this means a loudspeaker that has a 84dB sensitivity, maxes out at around 98dB and places a recommended maximum power output of about 25W. Running in is also a lengthy procedure, with improvements still taking place after 100+ hours. However, it’s an easy eight ohm loudspeaker as standard (it can be specified with higher nominal impedance, if you are using the device with a low-heft amplifier). I used the speaker with a Sugden A21se, and the combination of the right power envelope and no crossover distortion from the Class A operation of that excellent amplifier made this a perfect partnership. I also used Audience’s solid-core monocrystal copper AU24e speaker wire to good effect.
The Audience speaker has the same fundamental limitations of all point source speakers – frequency extension, loudness headroom and both efficiency and power handling. In other words, it doesn’t go deep (although a lot deeper than you might expect if you put them close to a rear wall as recommended), and it won’t play that loud. And, if you get what it does, you won’t care!
It sounds like you have direct-coupled your ears to the amplifier terminals. Active or passive, we are used to a crossover in the signal chain and through the Audience The ONE you begin to discover just how much that gets in the way of the sound. The midrange is fluid and sublime, creating a sound far wider and far bigger than these boxes have any right to deliver… and they disappear. Close your eyes and listen; you will not be able to point to the loudspeaker box within the soundstage. Piano in particular is astonishingly ‘there’ and real.
The curious thing here is, you’d expect it to work well with small scale music (and it does – Beck’s Sea Change sounds uncannily like you have a living, breathing pained musician and his band physically sitting in front of you), but what you don’t expect is how well the sound works with bigger, orchestral works (the slow build of Ravel’s Bolero played by Barenboim and the Orchestra de Paris on DG is an acid test). It doesn’t break up under such stress; it simply hones the sound down at the extremes (the increase in dynamics comes to a halt about three minutes before the end of the Bolero). OK, so those who judge a system by the sound of tympani and piccolo will never be impressed, but the rest of us will find real music played here.
This is an extremely cogent and potent loudspeaker that will confidently upturn a lot of what many will hold as self-evident about audio. It might be a controversial statement in the high-end, but if more treble or bass comes at the expense of that midrange clarity, I’d take The ONE in an eye-blink!
The ONE has been receiving positive comments from pundits around the world. Almost all have begun by using the ClairAudient speakers as a desktop system and moved it into a full-blown setting. And almost all have come away wondering if full-range is vital, when something this small creates something this fantastic. The ONE isn’t going to be for everyone, but those who like it will struggle to find better from any loudspeaker with a crossover ‘in the way’. This isn’t just another small loudspeaker, it’s the start of a revolution!
Technical Specifications
Type: Sealed box loudspeaker with passive radiator
Main driver: 76mm full-range A3S unit. 90mm passive radiator to rear
Sensitivity: 84dB
Impedance: 8 ohms (optional 4 or 16 ohm models)
Frequency Response: -3dB at 80Hz, flat to 22kHz (in room listening position)
Dimensions (HxWxD): 17.8x14x17.8cm
Weight: 1.81kg (per speaker)
Price: £695 per pair (£745 per pair including loudspeaker riser)
Manufactured by:
Audience
URL:
Distributed by:
High End Cable
URL:
Tel: +44(0)1775 761880
>BUK9K6R8-40E MOSFET
Sponsored links
TransistorData.com is not an official representative or the creator of the MOSFET BUK9K6R8-40E Transistor. Copyrighted materials belong to their respective owners. Please Note: Users can download the official BUK9K6R8-40E transistor datasheet in PDF, pin diagram, pnp pinout circuit and equivalent transistor data.
Sponsored links
BUK9K6R8-40E MOSFET Datasheet
- Type of Transistor: MOSFET
- Type Designator: BUK9K6R8-40E
- Type of Control Channel: N -Channel
- SMD Transistor Code: 96E840
- Maximum Drain-Source Voltage: 40 V
- Maximum Gate-Source Voltage: 10 V
- Maximum Gate-Threshold Voltage: 2.1 V
- Maximum Drain Current: 40 A
- Drain-Source Capacitance: 305 pF
- Maximum Operating Junction Temperature: 175 °C
- Rise Time: 22 nS
- Maximum Drain-Source On-State Resistance: 0.0061 Ohm
- Total Gate Charge: 22.2 nC
- Maximum Power Dissipation: 64 W
- Package: LFPAK56DAntique c1920 Folk Art Primitive Wood Carving of DogAttrib to Samuel Thatcher
Description: Up for sale is this very interesting folk art carving. This sculpture is carved from a solid piece of yellow pine. Depicting a dog laying prone but alert and focused. Although unsigned this sculpture is attributed to Samuel Thatcher of Washington, NJ circa 1920. Style and subject is consistent to Mr. Sculpture measures 7.75″ X 4.25″ and stands about 5 tall. Please see all pics for details. Antique c1920 Folk Art Primitive Wood Carving of DogAttrib to Samuel Thatcher. Up for sale is this very interesting folk art carving. Good condition without chips, cracks or wood loss. Some minor rubs and a small stain on the left side of the neck. “Antique c1920 Folk Art Primitive Wood Carving of DogAttrib to Samuel Thatcher” is in sale since Monday, December 7, 2020. This item is in the category “Antiques\Primitives”. The seller is “mkhda7″ and is located in Ellendale, Delaware. This item can be shipped worldwide.
- Region of Origin: US, Non-specific region
- Size Type/Largest Dimension: Small (Up to 14in.)
- Material: Wood
- Date of Creation: 1900-1949
- Style: Folk Art
- Signed: Unsigned
- Type: Sculptures & Carvings
- Original/Reproduction: Original
Home Management
The purpose of this study is to get to know the perceptions of graduate students attending the faculty of Economics and Management of a public university in the north of Portugal, regarding the importance of the transferable skills to their present and/or future job performance. It specifically aims to analyse their opinions concerning the contribution of the recently created Transferable Skills Development Programme. Due to the fact that there are very few similar studies in Portugal [47], and to the absence of studies addressing this specific programme, the present study is of an exploratory nature. Therefore, we considered suitable to adopt a qualitative method and resorted to two data collection instruments. In the first phase, graduate students were asked to complete a qualitative questionnaire with the objective of gathering basic information about the topic. This questionnaire consisted of the following three questions:
Related topicsTo improve sustainable mobility in Mediterranean cities, the Urban Transports Community (UTC) - a peer-learning initiative in the domain of urban mobility involving Mediterranean cities, promoted by the Interreg Med Programme - will leverage on the results, expertise and knowledge of its member organisations who have been actively engaged in Interreg MED territorial cooperation projects on sustainable urban mobility since November 2016.
The most innovative and engaged cities of the Urban Transports Community, which were pioneers in the implementation of sustainable mobility solutions, will support other territories in developing and improving their own sustainable urban mobility solutions. These Pioneer Cities will be identified during a series of interviews with the Interreg MED modular projects conducted by Area Science Park (UTC partner in charge of Transferring). Pioneer Cities will accompany a selection of eight Replicating Cities in adapting some of the measures they have already implemented and tested, and in harnessing the potential of the expertise and knowledge made available by the whole Community.
Replicating Cities will be selected through a public call by the end of 2020, and will benefit from the assistance of the whole Urban Transports Community. More specifically, they will have the possibility to explore the tools developed by the Community and made available on the MedUrbanTools platform as well as studies and in-depth reports drafted by the project partners. They will also be invited to study visits, workshops, webinars, peer-to-peer exchanges and will benefit from the assistance of a dedicated mentor all along 2021 and beginning of 2022. Mentors will be accurately selected and hired by the UTC amongst mobility planners and practitioners that best suit the exigencies of the Replicating Cities in implementing their own sustainable urban mobility solutions.
The last phase of the project will capitalise - under the coordination of Civinet CY-EL - the results achieved by the Replicating Cities together with the Pioneer Cities and Mentors. The project will promote changes to local and European policies and at transnational cooperation level. The Community project partnership will also organise a summer school for “future leader of inclusive and sustainable development” and different European and Mediterranean events involving mobility stakeholders from both shores of the Sea to foster their commitment for a more sustainable urban mobility. The final results and recommendations emerging from this process will be wrapped-up in policy briefs and reports and disseminated digitally and throughout all our Community events.).Whilst we develop this website it will give new users a chance to watch how the website features grow. There will be tests and changes as we progress so those following it will get a better understanding of what is on offer and how it can help collectors new and old.
In our blog we will highlight important features added and eventually we will create online tutorials to help further those who aren’t so familiar with online bidding. Our aim is to make the buying process simple and easy to understand.
This is a powerful website and will have many features that will be added, most additions unfortunately require more work than most websites do as a whole and is why this website will take a few months to develop properly.Description
Edition of 100 in each color.
Jason Polan will be forever known as an enormously talented artist, illustrator, and larger-than-life figure who lived and worked in New York, NY. Polan’s illustrations have been published in The New Yorker, The New York Times, New Yorker Magazine, Metropolis Magazine, and The Believer, among many many many many others.If you’re reading this and you’ve been through the massive shift wrought by COVID-19, you’ve likely been to, or arranged, a telehealth appointment with a healthcare provider.
And along the way, you’ve entered data into portals, clicked on links and uploaded images of various forms of identification.
Asher Polani, executive adviser of healthcare at AU10TIX, told PYMNTS that the demands of this information flow and the many interactions needed between providers and patients across numerous platforms and websites, have shone a spotlight on security vulnerabilities, breaches and the legacy systems that have been in place with providers.
In fact, the June/July Future Of Identity Report shows that 38 percent of individuals are very concerned with how their data are handled, while 43 percent of patients intend to continue to use telemedicine in the near future. Another 45 percent of consumers think telehealth gives them the same level of care they would get from in-person visits.
No matter the ways in which care is provided — virtually or in person — identity verification and payments rendered at the point of care are critical.
But there’s a lack of balance between fluidity and security throughout it all, said Polani.
As he told PYMNTS, healthcare and IT have been on a path of marked growth through the last several years.
“But there’s been a heterogenous environment,” he added, “with legacy systems built 20 or 30 years ago” that simply cannot give hospitals, clinics and individuals the levels of connectivity they desire. “This creates a challenge in terms of access, of how to maintain information and how to store it or disseminate it.”
Providers have a tough time keeping track of it all — and must grapple with the ever-present threat of fraudsters. Weak links give the bad actors points of vulnerability to explore and steal data and even documents.
The great reopening — in which visits are resuming in person, giving rise to a hybrid model of telehealth and brick-and-mortar activity — is only exacerbating the problem.
Thus, there arise some existential questions, such as whether old-school usernames and passwords are sufficient anymore. Polani told PYMNTS there are justifiable concerns about personal identities and the security of information — and the answer may lie in data-powered solutions that can protect this valuable information.
As he said, “the idea of verifying the documents that you hold is an authentic one. Using a camera and a vision technique actually to identify and verify that you are really the person that we would like to give the service to whether you are local or remote is of great importance.”
The challenge lies in addressing the far-flung, disparate systems that can be found across the healthcare ecosystem. But as Polani said, “You can’t change the topology overnight. There are limitations of budget, capacity management, additional resources.” Providers must weigh whether to invest in tech overhauls or whether to build new clinics.
At some point, regulators are going to need to step in and mandate the verification and authentication methodologies that are most effective, he said. He pointed to solutions on offer from firms like AU10TIX that authenticates on a forensic level formal IDs, associate and seamlessly extract information from your formal IDs, complement them with images and other credentials, that taken together, can help construct an uncopiable identity.
“It’s not a user ID and a password that can be stolen by somebody and be copied or can be hacked,” he said. “It’s you — and nobody can copy this ‘you.’”
Along the way, the continuum of care can be improved, as the inefficiencies of spelling mistakes or lost statements are rendered moot.
“We don’t need you to type, we don’t need you to say anything; just present your ID and face, and that’s that,” he said. “The healthcare system is going through a revolution. It’s a question of priorities and security and accessibility. These are the top priorities.”(2020) Cohort Profile: Singapore Preconception Study of Long-Term Maternal and Child Outcomes (S-PRESTO). European Journal of Epidemiology. (doi:10.1007/s10654-020-00697-2).
Abstract.SPF Roofing Installation Appropriate
SPF roof covering setup is vital to make best use of the lifespan of your roofing system. It includes certain procedures based on the existing roof covering framework. SPF needs a high degree of technological competence as well as is finest executed by a skilled specialist. The SPF material needs to be completely cleaned up and dry prior to it can abide by the roofing system properly. Similarly, the installment has to be executed under optimal problems, as well as must be performed by a professional with high degrees of experience and also knowledge. SPF roof setup is a complex process that needs a professional to apply the coating effectively. The installer should understand neighborhood building ordinance and also need to use the product in a specific fashion. SPF roof coverings can not be mounted during rainy or winter because the material can overspray onto nearby surface areas. Furthermore, SPF is not advised for roofing systems that have infiltrations, as the silicone layer can be easily overspray and damages close-by surface areas. Whether the roof is flat, rounded, or a hybrid, SPF roof installment can profit your residence or business. It can minimize your power costs and lower electric expenses. With an R-Value of 6.25 per inch, this coating will certainly keep climatic temperatures out and also interior temperatures inside, lowering your power expenses. The installment process entails several actions, depending upon the framework of your roofing. A contractor can utilize various strategies depending upon the roofing framework to make certain a correct SPF roofing system setup. The cost of SPF roof covering setup depends on numerous aspects. The size of your roofing as well as access to it will influence the cost of the task. SPF roofing installment expenses in between $3.50 and $4.50 per square foot. This cost can differ greatly, yet a typical SPF roofing is 1.5 inches thick. A properly maintained SPF roof setup can last for half a century. It might also be more affordable than a conventional asphalt tile roof. SPF roofing setup is environment-friendly. The product is used as liquid and also does not create waste. The spray foam blend does not call for joints or seams, which suggests it does not add to the ozone exhaustion issue. Moreover, SPF roof covering does not produce any type of pollutants. All SPF installments will certainly help in reducing ponding water. There will certainly disappear leakages or ponding water on your roofing. The SPF roof installation should be done meticulously to decrease the risks of leaks and wind damage. It will certainly be done by a qualified and seasoned service technician. The SPF roof covering installment will certainly decrease the quantity of leakages as well as boost energy performance. During a pre-site examination, the technicians will establish the range of the job. During the installment procedure, the SPF ought to be tidy as well as without pollutants. It ought to likewise be without debris.
Learning The “Secrets” ofShow Home Games Video Characters View Full Episodes See the latest A.N.T. Farm full length episode All All All 23:37 feature presANTation A.N.T. Farm Cameron comes to visit Chyna at Z-tech and tells her he has a new dream to go to film school. Watch Now More videos from A.N.T Farm All All 2:10 Clip: uncanny resemblANTs A.N.T. Farm Watch A.N.T. Farm on Disney Channel! Watch Now 2:25 Clip: product misplacemANT A.N.T. Farm Zoltan gives the Ants new phones! Watch Now 2:23 Clip: pANTs on fire A.N.T. Farm Chyna claims she has to do homework to get out of going to a lecture with Olive. Watch Now 2:10 Clip: unforseen circumstANTs A.N.T. Farm Fletcher wants to break up with Kennedy. Watch Now Show More Suggested Videos All All All 1:00 Teen Beach 2 | Rap It Up | Disney Channel Teen Beach 2 Let's break down Teen Beach 2, premiering June 26th at 8p on Disney Channel! Watch Now 22:00 Baby Come Back Good Luck Charlie When Bob has an accident, the kids must take care of him and Charlie. Watch Now 0:52 Palace Pets in Whisker Haven App Coming Soon! Disney Channel Palace Pets in Whisker Haven App Coming Soon!Here are five irrefutable facts about Trump's connection to Russia."
Once again, Trump's fondness of Russia was caught on camera for the world to see. Nonetheless, many Americans continue to choose to ignore it, either for partisan reasons or perhaps because the individuals exposing it are perceived as "boring," as my colleague Amanda Marcotte recently observed.
Wherever you may fall in line, here are five irrefutable facts about our president's ties to Russia:
1. This is not McCarthysim.
Before delving into the Trump-Russia scandal, it is first important to explain why this is not McCarthyism. Sen. Joe McCarthy of Wisconsin was a right-wing Republican, who terrorized America in the early 1950s by creating a panic over the idea that communist subversives were everywhere — and all Americans needed to be afraid of them. Because this was in the early years of the Cold War, the fear of communism was equated with the fear of America's chief geopolitical adversary — the Soviet Union — and rightly so. At the same time, communism was also a distinct ideology, and many opposed it not only because it was supported by our enemies but also because they disagreed with its precepts on rectifying economic and social injustices.
The main thing that has not changed since the 1950s is that Russia — the main nation behind the former Soviet Union — is still America's adversary, albeit arguably not its chief one. (More on that in a moment.) At the same time, the claim that Trump is connected to Russia is not being motivated by ideological conflation. It is based on solid evidence akin to that which was assembled against the Soviet spies who infiltrated the American government during the Cold War, like Alger Hiss, who Richard Nixon helped expose when he was a legislator from California.
2. It all started with money.
Remember when Trump's main claim to fame was his multiple corporate bankruptcies? After major banks stopped lending Trump money due to his multiple bankruptcies, the desperate businessman started turning to Russian financial interests with close ties to the Putin regime in order to continue funding his various business ventures.
Exactly how many Trump ventures are connected to Russia? We cannot know for sure, because the president has been opaque about his business dealings, but they certainly include."
Trump attempted to build a branded tower in Moscow even as the 2016 presidential election was under way, which former special counsel Robert Mueller confirmed in his recent testimony to Congress. Perhaps most damningly, Donald Trump Jr. admitted in 2008 that "Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets. We see a lot of money pouring in from Russia," according to the Washington Post.
3. The Mueller report irrefutably links members of the Trump campaign to Russia.
Although the 448-page Mueller report determined that the Trump campaign did not conspire with Russia to influence the outcome of election, it laid out irrefutable links between the two.
Trump surrounded himself with people who were connected to Russia, including his former national security Michael Flynn. The Mueller report stated that former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort and political consultant Rick Gates provided polling information to someone they believed to be a Russian spy, and Trump foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos tried to arrange meetings between the future president and Putin.
During the campaign, Russia tried to hack into Clinton's email account less than five hours after the future president called on them to do so. In his congressional testimony, Mueller publicly criticized the Trump for his apparent embrace of the thousands of emails stolen from Democrats and published by WikiLeaks.
The former special counsel later documented at least ten instances of possible obstruction by the president of his probe into Russian interference in the 2016 election.
4. In spite of Trump's questionable connections with Russia, his administration's policies toward the country are not drastically different from those pursued by his Democratic predecessor.
As former President Barack Obama's ambassador to Russia, Michael McFaul, told Salon in June:.
5. That said, Trump's friendly rhetoric helpful to Putin's interests.
As McFaul also told Salon in June, "What I do know is that things that the president says serves Russia's national interest, as defined by Putin. I want to be very clear about that: as defined by Putin."
It is also worth looking at this observation from Bill Browder, a British businessman who has blown the whistle on Russian government corruption. Here is what he said when he spoke to Salon in January:
I think the best comparable would be Pablo Escobar. Putin is a criminal. He’s committed enormous financial crimes of unimaginable magnitude over the last 19 years against his own country. Because he’s committed those crimes, and it was just reported today that 1 in 4 Russians don’t even have an indoor toilet, they’re so poor. Those crimes have impoverished the Russian people. At this point, his only objective is to stay in power, which allows him to keep his money and stay alive, and so all of his actions — whether they’re repressive actions, repression in Russia or foreign conflicts outside of Russia — it’s all designed to either stay in power, to create a nationalistic diversion and to also create chaos in the West so we can’t focus on the terrible things he’s doing.Take Your Online Presence to New Heights
We Are WordPress Experts
WordPress design, optimization, support, and maintenance are things we are very passionate about, to the point we hesitate to even call it work.
We are a trusted provider of WordPress Website Services with a personal touch, and responsiveness that’s not always seen in our industry.
We Are Directory Website Experts
While we can and have built WordPress websites for a wide range of industry verticals, directory-based websites are our primary focus these days.
We have had a hand in more directory website projects than we can count, whether it’s building them from scratch for clients or just helping get them over the finish line.
Get Going in the Right Direction
Making the correct technology decisions from the very beginning can be critical for your business.
We specialize in WordPress, Microsoft technologies, and the MyListing theme, with extensive experience in implementing and supporting a wide range of vendor solutions.
We have a proven track record of helping business owners enhance, yet simplify their solutions, all while saving money.!"Hey hey hey! Not a bad day to be gay! Also, it’s TV with Carlytron Time! Read it here & now!
Speaking of TEEVEE TIME: Showtime will not be picking up L Word spinoff “The Farm.” If you want to read sections of the pilot script just for the hell of it, I posted them back in December, read those here. (@variety)
1. Iowa is now the third state where gay marriage is legal!:
“In a unanimous ruling issued Friday, the court upheld a 2007 Polk County District Court judge’s ruling that the law was unconstitutional. The case stems from a 2005 lawsuit filed by Lambda Legal, a New York-based gay-rights organization. The group filed a lawsuit on behalf of six gay and lesbian Iowa couples who were denied marriage licenses.”
(@wsj)
2. In addition to endless access to fancy meatballs and banks, here’s another reason to date a Swedish girl: totes legal to marry the hell out of that woman!. (@nytimes)
3. Don’t get too excited. Today in genocidal, evil, vile, disgusting and inhumane douchebaggery: Iraqi Gays Sentenced to Death for Their Sexuality Face Execution (@ukgaynews)
4. Star Jones and Rosie O’Donnell to Have Lunch Together With the Highest Bidder. Please someone buy this for us, and report back. (@perez revenge)
5. Beth Ditto is reportedly unhappy with her cover picture on this month’s OUT magazine. I am reportedly unhappy with her cover story title: “Big Love.”
Beth Ditto Should Know a Good Picture When She Sees One (@gawker)
6. I know this seems like a shameless plug, ’cause it’s for like, my other girlfriend Jessica Biel, but I would totally put this up even if she didn’t come over every night and give me a back massage. ‘Cause like regardless of how I feel about her? Or what it’s like when we’re together? She’s just really smokin’ hot talented:
7. Ha-ha! Ann Coulter fell for an April Fool’s Day story, wrote an outraged column about Obama’s alleged declaration that GM and Chrysler’s participation in NASCAR is an unnecessary expenditure. Obvs he didn’t say that. But AC looooves to talk about the JiHad. Hahahahaha Ann Coulter you suck! I’ll run you over with my go-cart! (@huffpo)
8. Out lesbian Wanda Sykes is getting her own Talk Show! (@shewired)
from Crystal: I’m not a huge fan of April Fools jokes, but Nine Inch Nails had me going for a few minutes with the announcement of their new album, ‘Strobe Light’. If you’re a NIN fan, the track listings and album cover, featuring Trent Reznor in Kanye-style shades, could be worth a quick look.
from Stef: DUUUUUUDE. Lady Gaga is officially the first artist of the 21st cetury to score two #1 singles on the Billboard Top 100 chart (“Just Dance” and “Poker Face”). The last person to do this was Christina Aguilera in 1999 with “Genie in the Bottle” and “What A Girl Wants.” Only two other women have accomplished this feat in the last 25 years – Madonna and Tiffany. Girl is KILLING IT OMG.
I knew I went to college in Iowa for a reason. This ruling only confirms what my mother thought all along about those crazy liberal Iowans. She always said, “That damn liberal Iowa college made you a lesbian!”
This week really has been the best week ever for lesbians. I mean, Dinah Shore, Beth Ditto, Iowa and marriage.
totes!
I am from Iowa, though not currently living there, and went to school there as well. The news from today gives us hope that it can happen anywhere. California was sad, but hopefully other states pick up the slack and cause a wave around the country. Equality shouldn’t have to be fought so hard for, but let’s hope the right thing continues to be done.
Yay Iowa! (However you USA’ers are wayyy behind us Canucks here in Canada…we’ve had gay marriage for awhile now all legal…yippee!) – but I blame Bush for all the anti-gay stuff, so……
As for the Farm not getting picked up? LOL – gee, there’s a suprise? NOT! IFC ***cked up royally this season w/ lack of plot.
Hence, I love Rose Rollins giving her 2 cents worth in her interview with “This Just Out’s” Liz Feldman about S. 6 – I *knew* I liked Tasha for a reason:
Lol to Liz Feldman re: vagina slippers…
yes yes, i caught that interview last month when it came out. loved how real rose was with liz. hopefully there’ll be a few more interviews like that coming out over the next year now that the farm is no longer a possibility. I love the future!
“The Future’s So Bright, I Gotta Wear Shades” (Timbuk 3) – ok 80’s flashback – and I have NO APOLOGIES! Yes, Rose Rollin’s interview was kick ass! And yes, she has an awesome laugh (*smile*) – I can only imagine Rose Rollins and Leisha Halley laughing hillariously off camera – they must have had so much fun! So it’s amazing to me that the “Tasha” character was so “moody” – like this is what PMS was on army time!
But it would’ve been nice to see Tasha’s character developed a bit more before that whole “Jamie” incident…
No farm – I guess Ilene “bought the farm” and it went to auction and she got done schooled! Oh damn, I’m funny when I’ve had no sleep… ; – )There are two adages, one of which says that cats always land on their feet, and the other that buttered toast always lands buttered side down. Which brings us to the Buttered Cat Paradox.
Stuff you should know: Why you can’t buy turkey eggs in stores.
Hump day musical interlude: Pete Seeger covers Dylan’s “Forever Young”.Suspect charged in murder of Hong Kong taxi driver
A 31-year-old man was charged with one count of murder on Friday in relation to the death of a Hong Kong taxi driver whose neck the world? Get the answers with SCMP Knowledge, our new platform of curated content with explainers, FAQs, analyses and infographics brought to you by our award-winning team.
Officers searching the area discovered a bag full of bloodstained surgical masks and a meat cleaver with a 16cm blade on the rooftop of a nearby building.
The case will be mentioned at Kwun Tong Court on Saturday morning.
This article Suspect charged in murder of Hong Kong taxi driver first appeared on South China Morning Post
For the latest news from the South China Morning Post download our mobile app. Copyright 2021.what just came out of my ear hole?
I was messing with my ears until I felt something when I looked at my finger this was there. What could it be it was in my ear hole? (Where my earrings go) I haven't wore earrings in forever. I have had gauges (however you spell it before) but that was like 2 years ago.
Add Comment"Live at
the Lair" EP
In 2013-14, Moonrise Blue got its start mostly by playing at a wonderful venue in Austin, MN, called The Electric Lair. Over 2 nights in June 2014, these original tracks were recorded, and are available to you here free of charge. Listen, download, enjoy!Dutch firm Paul de Ruiter Architects has won the ARC13 architecture prize for their project Villa Kogelhof, beating out over 110 entries. The award is given to projects “wherein the usage and the technology are aligned in an innovative manner, aiming to strengthen sustainability as an integral part of architecture.” Located in Kamperland, Zeeland, Villa Kogelhof is a private, energy efficient home set on 25 hectares of protected land.
The home features many energy efficient aspects, and its modern interior maintains a consistent temperature while simultaneously remaining energy neutral year round. The project’s “floating” home design is a prime example of how modern minimalist architecture can also embody a strong ecological consciousness.
Villa Kogelhof was given the green light thanks to a local governmental program that aims to connect regional ecological zones throughout the country. In 2006, the owner of the villa bought 25 hectares of farmland on the condition it would be returned to its pre-agricultural state a protected habitat for plants and animals. Soon after, 71,000 six-year-old trees were planted in the surrounding area in order to restore the landscape. In addition to returning the land to its natural state, the forest will fulfill the home’s destiny to become a “sustainable villa in the woods.”
Images courtesy of Jeroen Musch55086 - Merry Christmas Selection Packs : 4 x 2 Metre Lengths
In stock
As low as £1.56
- 55086 - 15mm Merry Christmas designs!
- The pack gives you a total of 8 metres of ribbon.
- 4 cuttings of 2 metre ribbon lengths.
- Ideal for gift wrapping, florists, cakes & crafting.
- A brilliant selection of Christmas ribbon.
Shipping Delivery & Charges
- Mainland UK delivery charge from £3.72
- Estimated 1-2 days delivery time
- We are happy to ship products worldwide
- Prices include VATStories about "anne williams"
Theodore Walther, a Bates ‘professor and friend’ for parts of six decades, dies at age 88
Thursday, June 7, 2018 2:21 pm
Walther traversed his long tenure with a New Yorker’s bemusement, leavened by a Navy sailor’s equanimity and undergirded by devotion to his students.
Students seek local stories of the Great Depression
Monday, February 5, 1996 9:30 am
Students in a Bates College economics seminar are asking area residents who lived through the Great Depression to discuss their experiences.IBL – Lakeshore
Game dates here, INCLUDED for IBL players
Through our Instructional Basketball League players will leave with:
Better Ball Handling
Better Footwork
Better Shooting Skills
Better Conditioning
A clearer understanding of the game
IBL also offers scrimmaging where players can continue to practice their skill development in actual game play where coaches can correct errors in real time.
IBL REGISTRATION
Ferrysburg: 17520 Ridge Ave
 ACOMA POTTERY
This is a bowl made by Dolores Lewis that measures 3 1/2 inches in height by 5 nches in diameter. It is decorated with geometric designs characteristic of the Acoma Pueblo..Alcohol alcohol utilize disarray of some kind from overdoing drinking to habit.
Need Of Alcohol Rehab Centers
When generous up alcohol, it can be a very tough way to go on. Not only perform you likely has mental confidence in it, but most likely also a physical one. For a populace who has a severe trust in alcohol, you can experience an attack and other severe side effects if you give up cold failure on your own. While you don’t have such a severe dependency, the removal symptoms can be unlikable enough that it makes you back to drink again.
Alcohol Detox
When you initially arrive at your option of alcohol rehab lasvegas health center, they’ll initial do a thorough examination, entire with blood work. The health check expert will also figure out how your psychological and mental health is like. At alcohol management centers, they’ll have a medical expert available who can order medications that’ll support withdrawal. These can include relaxants and your drug medications.
How To Stop Drinking?
Making the result to stop the intake and go to alcohol treatment is a remarkable and right method in your life. While it possibly will be difficult at first, getting on way to moderation will all be worth it, particularly when you think you’ll have costly skills for the relaxation of your life.
Inpatient and Outpatient Rehab
- Full concentration in the improvement process
- Removed from the attraction of everyday life
- Sense of self-government and normalcy
- Less price than Inpatient RehabProPath KnowNow is a convenient and confidential method of obtaining your test results. ProPath KnowNow only reports negative results for PAP and HPV testing performed at ProPath. Please contact your physician directly for results of other tests.
Please complete the form below and click Submit to view your ProPath test results.All Natural, All Fresh, All Good. Made fresh in Grand Forks, ND. Find it in the dairy aisle at your local grocery store.
Mission
Bring fresh salsa into a grocery world of preservatives
Description
Made with the freshest ingredients in Grand Forks, ND Village Hot Sauce is the most popular salsa there and in Northern Minnesota. Over the past few years it has begun integrating into the local Cub Foods, Rainbows, Targets, Lunds, etc... in the Minneapolis/St. Paul metropolitan area.
Village Hot Sauce is all natural, contains no preservatives, and is about as local as you will find in a Twin Cities grocery store. Give it a try, you'll find it in the dairy aisle.
Comes in Extra Hot and Mild. However, neither are unbearably spicy. If you want an extra kick throw some of your favorite hot sauce in it and it will mix great!DICK TIGER WAS A CHAMPION IN BOTH THE RING AND HIS AFRICAN HOMELAND
At some stage of their lives, most American males idolize a sports figure. Boxing champions lend themselves particularly well to this form of worship. Fighters like James Corbett, Jack Dempsey, Benny Leonard, Sugar Ray Robinson, Joe Louis, Rocky Marciano and Muhammad Ali not only were heroes of their times but also put their unique, mythic stamps on very different generations of male American consciousness.
I, too, got caught up in the aura and sweep of the great champions of my lifetime. But the one fighter I identified with—my fighter, in other words—was not in the same league with Leonard or Robinson or Louis or Ali. A knowledgeable boxing critic might rank him a cut above "hell of a fighter." However, if you judged the entire man, boxer and human being, few could match Richard Ihetu, the African who fought under the nom de guerre Dick Tiger.
As with many professional boxers, the last part of Dick Tiger's life was tragic. The difference in Tiger's case is that it wasn't boxing that took the heart out of him; it was the dream that he tried to support with the purses he earned after he had reclaimed the middleweight title and then won the light heavyweight championship.
Years from now, when a bunch of guys in a bar are grumbling about a mismatch on TV and start talking about good, maybe great, light heavyweights, Dick Tiger will not be the name they settle on; it could be Archie Moore, Bob Foster or Philadelphia Jack O'Brien. But if they know their boxing, Tiger's name will at least be mentioned.
Helped by a notation scrawled in a spiral notebook, I recall the day and hour I met Dick Tiger: "Noon—March 10." The year wasn't recorded, but it was 1965. Tiger was meeting the press that day in his dressing room at Madison Square Garden. It was two days before he would fight Rocky Rivero, a tough middleweight from Argentina known for his knockout punch. It didn't figure to be an easy evening for Tiger. He was 35, and 15 months earlier he had lost his middleweight championship in Atlantic City to Joey Giardello on what was conceded to have been, by everyone but Giardello people, a warped hometown decision.
Only four or five reporters had shown up, and we waited outside the door to a 50th Street dressing room while the tap and slide of a jump rope sounded from inside. Chickie Ferrara, Tiger's able trainer, opened the door, and we filed in. I had seen Tiger a couple of times on TV; I remembered one appearance in particular, a vicious 15-round draw with Gene Fullmer. I would never have recognized Tiger in the flesh. He was the darkest man I had ever seen. But that doesn't entirely describe it: There was a dusky, deep plum color to his skin, and even where he glistened with perspiration there were gray patches that looked dry, very much like the skin of the fruit. I stared at the knotty, heavily muscled body. I was almost oblivious to the questions being asked and to his answers, but not quite. Our eyes met momentarily, and I self-consciously scribbled some words in my notebook that make only partial sense as I read them now: "Giardello ducking me. Jersey isn't quitting."
The reason for the intimate press conference quickly became apparent as Tiger gave only the briefest answers to questions about the match with Rivero. His special quality of voice and intelligence hit me when, in a clipped colonial British accent braided with a tribal African lilt, he said, "The present champion refuses to meet me again. He has defended only one time in 15 months and again it was in his home city. I put it that this is not a courageous posture for a so-called champion." Courageous posture? My god, who was this man?
"Why," a reporter asked, "did you agree to fight Giardello in Atlantic City, knowing that it was his backyard? Especially since you were the champ?"
"To a certain extent, it was because of his problem in New York," said Tiger. The euphemistic "problem" was well understood. Giardello hadn't had a license to box in New York since 1957. It had been revoked because of what the athletic commission called his "undesirable connections." Word was out that Giardello's management was mob controlled, or at least mob connected. "But that is not the entire story," Tiger explained patiently. "They offered me more money if I would fight him in Atlantic City. I do not wish to seem the mercenary, gentlemen, but this is my livelihood. I am not utterly disappointed—with my purse I bought a beauty shop for my sister and a bookstore in Lagos. Yes, these are tribal scars."
His last statement didn't make any sense. I didn't realize he was speaking directly to me. I had been staring at his chest. His thick finger moved over a band of thin, vertical scars, each about two inches long, that formed a horizontal stripe almost from armpit to armpit. "Tribal scars," he repeated for my benefit. "All Ibo boys receive them when they have proved their courage."
I was surprised by his easy assumption that we would know what an Ibo was. I guessed correctly that it was the name of his tribe, his people. Much of the world would come to know that name soon enough—shamefully and tragically.
"A bookstore?" I asked. "Why would you want to buy a bookstore?"
He flashed a smile that revealed a gold tooth. "Because I like to read books. Har, har. Why else?"
Dick Tiger had not called his press conference to discuss books or bookstores. Instead, he continued to impress upon the other reporters his arguments about why he should get a rematch with Giardello and why it should be soon.
His best and most practical point was that the only decent payday available for Giardello was to fight the true champion, Dick Tiger. If Giardello did not offer him a rematch, Tiger said that he would step up to fight light heavyweights. The winner of the Willie Pastrano-Josè Torres fight for that title in a few weeks would be a real possibility, said Tiger. He also vowed that once he stepped up in class, he would never come back down. And, thus, Giardello could kiss goodbye a profitable return match.
When Tiger had finished his statement, a reporter asked, "You own a fur coat?" The fighter's brow furrowed, and he shook his head. The reporter went on, "You should have one, because Giardello will give you another shot just about the day after hell freezes over."
There were some perfunctory questions about Rivero; then someone asked if there was anything Tiger would like to say directly to Giardello.
"I respect any man who is a champion," Tiger said. "Truly. I do not blame him as much as the people who are behind him. But now he must finally act like a champion and defend against the challenger who has the strongest claim."
"Isn't he just waiting until you're too old, until you lose your edge?"
"He is as old as I!" Tiger suddenly jumped into a ferocious boxing position; his face contorted into a sneer, and a snarl rolled from a curled lip. He growled ominously, "A Tiger never loses his hunger." And, just as suddenly, he transformed himself back into the affable, relaxed man who had charmed us. There was nothing left to say. I waited until the other reporters had left.
Tiger asked me for whom I worked. "I'm only a stringer for UPI. Actually, I'm an English teacher," I said.
"Have you read Animal Farm?"
"Orwell?"
"Of course, Orwell."
We spent the afternoon together, talking a bit about Orwell but more about the implications of Animal Farm and the terrible pitfalls of revolutionary politics. He seemed to have a personal interest. He showered and dressed. His brown suit was on the shabby side, the jacket a shade lighter than the pants; his black shoes had gray scuffs. We walked briskly down Eighth Avenue. He was carrying a heavily twined package that he wanted to go out in the afternoon mail. It was destined for Aba, Nigeria.
I couldn't believe that, less than an hour after I had met him, I was walking in Manhattan with the former middleweight champion of the world. I assumed passersby recognized the celebrity and, by strong association, me, too. In truth, almost no one noticed us. Those who did happen to glance our way might have assumed that we were a middle-aged black delivery man and a winded white intellectual.
The Ibo tribal scars on his chest, Tiger told me as we wove through the crowds, were made by a very sharp, very hot knife when he was 10, unusually young for the initiation. No, they didn't hurt particularly. Then he corrected himself: An Ibo boy did not allow them to hurt. When we were finally forced to stop for traffic, Tiger looked at me carefully and said, "The politics of my country are a cause of great concern to me. There could soon be civil insurrection. The situation is classically Orwellian."
All the way to the post office and then back uptown he explained the volatile situation in his homeland. "Although we are not the majority," he said, "my people have held leadership in Nigeria since the British left. In recent years, military elements have taken control. We Ibo are not basically a militaristic people, but we will not permit ourselves to be shunted aside. Without the Ibo, my country would be a disaster."
Then he said something that all these years later I recall with clarity even though I hadn't written it down, perhaps because events have since conspired to underline its bitter irony. "Our opponents call the Ibo the Jews of Africa. It is meant as an insult. I interpret it as a high compliment."
A few blocks farther north—we were now on Tenth Avenue—Tiger stopped in front of a tailor's shop. He went inside, and I followed. He pulled off his suit jacket and showed the man behind the counter a long tear in the satin lining. The owner persuaded Tiger that it would be better to select a secondhand jacket from the racks in the rear than to have his own jacket repaired. Tiger and the tailor disappeared. When they returned, Tiger was wearing another brown jacket, a shade darker than the pants this time. The man wanted $5. They settled on $2.50, his old jacket and a ticket to the Rivero fight.
That bout proved remarkably easy for Tiger. Rivero was paunchy and moved as though he were fighting underwater. Every punch he attempted was of the KO variety. Tiger was hit cleanly just twice in 5½ rounds. The referee stopped the fight in the sixth after Rivero had been knocked down for the first time in 54 professional fights. Tiger must have known that Rivero was just showing up for a payday.
He stayed busy after Rivero with a big win against rugged "Hurricane" Carter. If Giardello's people were waiting for age to catch up with Tiger, it didn't seem to be happening. It is true, however—and all experienced fight people know it—that a fighter usually becomes old overnight. One fight, he has it all; the next, nothing. Call it the Dorian Gray syndrome. Sometimes that change takes place during a fight. Sometimes a fighter can lose it in a single round. Maybe some sign of deterioration was what Giardello's people were looking for. Maybe Tiger was foolish for not showing it to them by fighting a little below his top level, but he was, after all, an Ibo and proud.
On the boxing beat, word was that if it were up to Giardello alone, he would have fought Tiger a year ago, that he wasn't really such a bad guy. The problem was his management. They weren't going to risk this championship with a tiger like Tiger. They knew Tiger was already having trouble making the weight: he had come in five pounds over the limit for Rivero. The thing that must have really thrown them was that the Nigerian, for all his threats, still refused to take on legitimate light heavyweights.
The scuttlebutt also had it that when they felt Giardello had one good fight in him, and if Tiger was still available, they would shoot for that last, nice payday and, who knows, maybe even go out a winner. The consensus among experts was that Giardello, although not a big hitter, could still do a good deal of cumulative damage to a fighter as stationary as Tiger.
Then Giardello got rid of his manager and was given a license to box in New York. A title match with Tiger in October 1965 was made for Madison Square Garden. Giardello, as champion, dictated the terms: $50,000 or 40% of the gate (live and home TV) while Tiger would get $15,000 or 20%. I asked Tiger about the split, and he said, "He takes the lion's share, but I will take the Tiger's." His wit might have caused him to smile in self-appreciation, but it didn't. He was frowning. There was trouble at home, he told me. He had been sending every penny there to help the Ibo cause, but he was worried about his family, his property, and particularly about his ability to concentrate on this crucial boxing match, 5,000 miles from the place and people that mattered most in his life.
"The world is never without its ironies," said the man with tribal scars. "Orwell understood that."
During the week before the fight there was heavy betting. The early money liked Giardello at 6 to 5. Then Tiger support came in, and it was "pick 'em." Then it was Tiger at 6 to 5; then, two days before the bout, 8 to 5 Tiger. By fight time the odds were down to 7 to 5 Tiger.
More than 17,000 fans showed up at the Garden and paid more than $160,000, so both fighters were sure of earning a lot more than their guarantees. Frank Sinatra was supposed to be there. Mickey Mantle and Yogi Berra had already been seen. I spotted Sugar Ray Robinson and Rocky Graziano. There were more men in evening jackets and women wearing furs than I had ever seen before at ringside.
And certainly more Africans than I had seen anywhere before. They paraded through the crowd, some of them in tribal robes whose colors had such a dark intensity about them that they made the garments seem not only exotic but vaguely dangerous. Most of the men wore flat hats with golden tassels.
Tiger came out first from the 50th Street side, and with his appearance a large West African drum began to thunder rhythmically from the darkness at one end of the arena. Its beat was alien but compelling to the huge crowd of New Yorkers. They clapped and stamped out a march beat, but the drum dominated the arena, as foreboding as the drums in The Emperor Jones.
The fighters both weighed the precise limit of 160 pounds, but Tiger was two inches shorter. Above his white trunks, Tiger's body was massive. Giardello seemed pink and soft by comparison; his dark trunks made his body seem even paler.
At the bell, Tiger rushed across the ring and met the champ before he was two steps out of his corner. Tiger threw punches that backed Giardello against the ropes. A surprise tactic. Tiger had always been a very cautious starter, especially in a 15-round fight. Giardello couldn't get off" the ropes and was taking solid body shots. Significantly, each time Giardello smothered Tiger's attack and appeared to hook the dark arms, referee Johnny LoBianco quickly stepped in and had them fighting again. That favored Tiger. His fists worked Giardello's softening body. The great tribal drum thundered. Before the first round was over, Joey Giardello had become an old fighter.
To his credit, Giardello didn't let it become a rout. No, it wasn't a great fight, but it went 15 rounds and it was very interesting. The decision was unanimous. I scored it nine rounds to six. Dick Tiger was champion again. Africans in green-and-purple robes leaped into the ring carrying a banner that read BIAFRA MUST LIVE. Few in the Garden understood its meaning.
After that fight Tiger had an increasingly difficult time making the middleweight limit. Also, he had developed a pain in his lower back and right side, a result of the Giardello fight. Eventually, the presence of blood in his urine became commonplace. Nevertheless, Tiger defended his middleweight title against Emile Griffith in 1966. Weakened by pain and by the debilitating need to lose weight to meet the limit, he lost a split decision. Then, eight months later, on Dec. 16, he made good at last on his threat to move up into the light heavyweight class. He won the championship easily by a decision over Josè Torres.
He didn't stay long in the U.S. to enjoy it. There was great trouble at home. The Ibo of eastern Nigeria had seceded from the central government. They called their new country Biafra. The civil war that followed became a rout. The Biafrans appealed for arms, for aid. None was forthcoming: The Nigerian central government controlled the army—and the oil—in black Africa's richest petroleum-producing country.
Tiger returned to Biafra to fight another African in an exhibition match at Port Harcourt, a few miles from his home in Aba. It was a glorious day for the Ibo, and Tiger donated his purse to the Biafran rebels. Later he would donate even more when, as a 38-year-old father of seven, he volunteered in the army of Biafra. As a second lieutenant, he trained soldiers in physical exercises.
After his exhibition bout in Biafra, he returned to New York and gave Torres a rematch at the Garden. Like their first fight, it drew a pretty good crowd, and Tiger, giving away about 10 pounds, again won by a decision. But this was the only touch of triumph in Dick Tiger's life then. The "Jews of Africa" were being slaughtered. He could get no word about the fate of his family. (As he later learned that they were either dead or imprisoned.) He could not go home. His properties in Lagos had been confiscated—his apartments, his service station in Aba, the beauty parlor and cosmetics shop, the bookstore, the Mercedes, the tens of thousands of dollars saved by the man in secondhand suits—all were gone. Biafra, the dream, was gone, too.
And soon—too soon—his title was also gone. In May 1968, Tiger was knocked out two minutes into the fourth round by Bob Foster. It was the only time Tiger had ever been knocked out. Perhaps he should have quit then. The painful spasms in his lower back came more frequently, but he couldn't quit. He was a political exile in New York. He had no other salable skill.
Tiger fought four more bouts in New York, winning three and losing one, a 10-round decision to Griffith. The fights gave him just enough money to live on. After retiring in 1971 he worked as a porter at the American Museum of Natural History, commuting by subway from a furnished room in the Bedford-Stuyvesant section of Brooklyn. In October 1971 he was stricken at work by stabbing pains in his back, right side and abdomen. It was an attack so severe that he fell to his knees. He was taken to St. Vincent's Hospital in Greenwich Village for observation.
No treatment was possible. He had cancer of the liver, acute and advanced. He told me, "The United States is a very good country, a very nice country, but Biafra is my home. I will die in Biafra."
Technically speaking, in 1971 no such place existed. But the Nigerian government permitted Tiger to return to Aba, to his Ibo home. For days after his return, thousands of visitors—mourners, really—from miles around walked the hot, dusty roads to Aba. When they found Dick Tiger's house, they saw a muscular but pain-withered boxer sitting in front, in the shade of a solitary acacia tree. He died on Dec. 14, 1971.
PHOTO
ERIC SCHWEIKARDT
Tiger was a 38-year-old army volunteer in Biafra's war of independence against Nigeria.
PHOTO
ASSOCIATED PRESS
Tiger jumped for joy after reclaiming the middleweight title from Giardello in 1965.
Sam Toperoff's "Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors" is due in November.Job Information
Sysco Merchandising Director in West Valley City, Utah
Company:
US0005 Sysco Intermountain (Division of USA I)
Zip Code:
84081
Minimum Level of Education:
Bachelor’s Degree
Minimum Years of Experience:
5 Years
Employment Type:
Full Time
Travel Percentage:
0
POSITION SUMMARY
Manages group of Merchandising associates at specified site(s)
Collaborate with Market Directors to execute market replenishment to achieve KPI goals
Accountable for the overall performance, management and development of the Site merchandising department
Achieve department and company goals which includes but is not limited to: exemplary customer order fulfillment while managing inventory to the optimal DSO (Days Supply On Hand), support Site profitability through product cost and equity management, participate and support sales growth strategies, deploy inbound logistic strategies, drive replenishment strategy that contributes to warehouse operational efficiencies.
Drive execution of corporate strategies such as Category Management and Product Assortment Management consisting of both national and local assortments to meet sales demands in collaboration with Regional Vice President of Merchandising (RVPM).
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS/ RESPONSIBILITIES:
Build, manage and develop Site merchandising team through regular department meetings; on-going interaction & communication; monitor associate morale; and respond to ideas to improve associate engagement and enablement
Interprets, trains and consistently reinforces Company policies, procedures and tools
Manage site planners and align with market replenishment team to achieve inventory management Service Level, DSO (Days Supply On Hand), A&O (Aging & Obsolete), and Spoilage goals while maximizing operational efficiencies
Drive and support corporate and market initiative implementation through all Site functions to achieve/exceed Annual Operating Plan
Manage item cost (product and freight) accuracy
Align with RVPM to execute activities that grow company gross margin and earned income
Manage shrink and approve credits as needed
Provide field feedback to the region, market and corporate teams for action and/or alignment
Participate in supplier and broker reviews to evaluate sales and gross profit growth opportunities
Monitor market analytics (NPD) to increase market share
Support cross functional item assortment management process
REQUIRED MINIMUM EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
5+
CERTIFICATIONS AND/OR TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS:
ABILITIES AND & Sales Consultant engagement
Ability to successfully perform job requirements in a remote work environment
WORK ENVIRONMENT
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an associate encounters while performing the essential functions of the job.
Travel 10%
IMPORTANT: This role is considered a talent pipeline for Region and Market leadership roles. Any individual who is offered and accepts this role must be willing to relocate to be considered for further advancement..:format(jpeg):mode_rgb():quality(90)/discogs-images/R-6355213-1424203437-8941.jpeg.jpg)
2014
Label: Nuclear Blast - NBCLP 2984-1,Cargo Records - NBCLP 2984-1 • Format: 2x, Vinyl LP, Album, Limited Edition Magenta • Country: Germany • Genre: Rock • Style: Prog Rock, Heavy Metal
· View credits, reviews, tracks and shop for the Vinyl release of "Hypothetical" on Discogs. Everything Releases Artists Labels. Advanced Search. Menu. Explore Threshold (3) – Hypothetical. Label: Nuclear Blast – NBCLP , Cargo Records – NBCLP Keep My Head: C2: Narcissus. Backing Vocals – Holger Haubold. Backing /5(10).
Barnes & Noble® has the best selection of Rock Heavy Metal Vinyl LPs. Buy Threshold's album titled Hypothetical [Magenta Vinyl] to enjoy in your home or car, or gift it to another music lover!Price: $
Hypothetical: Magenta Vinyl LP, Import Threshold Format: Vinyl. out of 5 lead work on songs like "Light and Space" and "Oceanbound" are among his finest as is the 80s-like sweet lead of "Keep My Head," yet they are cleverly placed in the songs so as not to take away from Johanne James' drum slam and Jon Jeary's excellent bass parts /5(39).
Watch the video for Keep My Head from Threshold's Hypothetical for free, and see the artwork, lyrics and similar artists. Play album Hypothetical. Threshold. 9, listeners. 1 more album featuring this track Play album Hypothetical (Definitive Edition) Threshold. 1,
View credits, reviews, tracks and shop for the CD release of "Hypothetical" on Discogs.
Forgotten Dreams - Didier Goret - Romance Movies (File, MP3, Album) Sie Wollen Wieder Schießen (Dürfen) - Slime - Hier Und Jetzt (Box Set, Album) Slow Rider - Johnny Cash - 2 Complete Albums (CD)Girl Warrior. Listen up. Listen attentively and actively when someone is speaking to you. Listen empathically. Sympathetically. Conscientiously. Listen with your ears. Listen with your eyes. Listen with your heart. Engage all your senses. And your extra senses also.
Give all your attention to the one doing the talking. Whether they have come to pour their heart out and confide in you. Or pour you a cup of tea and all that is required is some comfortable conversation with a cookie.
Focus on the one across from you. Do not allow yourself to become distracted, diverted or drawn away. Don’t let anything trump or eclipse this moment between you. Turn off your cell phone. Close your tablet. Shut down your laptop. Turn off the TV. And tune in.
Then lean in. Look hard into their eyes. Let them know they matter. What they have to say matters. Their thoughts and feelings and fears and hopes and dreams count for something. This is important stuff Girl Warrior. Respect, regard and reverence are composed and crafted here in these everyday exchanges. These ordinary little tête-à-têtes that happen so often we take them for granted. These soulful heart-to-hearts that we assume will always be. But the truth is, they won’t. So don’t squander even one single solitary conversation by not being fully present.
Girl Warrior let the one across from you know that you have not only shown up, but you are fully engaged. And listening.
 January 2012
- Abstract
- Article
- References
- Cited By
The contribution of alien, particularly Italian, investment to the development of the medieval English economy has provoked opposing views which hitherto have had to rely chiefly on customs records and evidence of Italian loans to the state for statistical evidence. These, though, vary in their coverage and do not record the inland trade. This article uses the Statute Merchant certificates of debt from 1285 to analyse changing levels of commercial investment by alien and denizen merchants throughout all areas of the kingdom. It shows that Italian investment was declining from the 1280s in line with falling imports of foreign silver. It discusses the causes of this decline, and the effect on alien and denizen credit of imports of counterfeit sterling coins produced by European mints. It relates these financial developments in England, France, and Flanders to the sequence of events which led to English merchants increasing their numbers and mercantile capital at the beginning of the fourteenth century when they were first able to establish their domination of the country's export trade in wool.Traditional team building doesn’t work!
One of the biggest challenges companies of any size face is getting their people to work together for the greater good of all concerned! We believe that traditional team building activities don’t help to create long term change! So what does?
Bonds created as a result of profound experiences are made at a far deeper level. In the extreme, tragedy can bring us together, as we overcome adversity together. We are not about to suggest anything drastic, but what we do creates a similar bond at a significantly deeper level, and when we bond at a deeper level great things happen.
The Phoenix Firewalk Team
How do we create this powerful bond?
We use activities that few people consider using in the corporate arena, that require people to really support their colleagues as profound change happens when they achieve what they thought was impossible! It’s during these times that the entire group dynamic changes with the realisation they are in this together, as everyone works towards a common goal for the betterment of themselves, the group and the company…
This is how we build unstoppable organisations!
As a consequence everyone becomes aware of that which held them back… limiting beliefs! As we systematically identify and dissolve them, and then create empowering new beliefs, this allows us to release their untapped potential.
So why do The Phoenix Firewalk?
This is not about holding hands and singing songs around the fire. This is about getting the absolute best from each and every member of your team many of whom may be doing just enough to get by because it’s comfortable, or because they think it’s all they’re capable of… but they’re wrong!
We can tailor your event to align with your corporate strategy, specifically addressing the challenges unique to your business or the role of those attending. Holding this type of event sends a clear message that you know what your team are capable of and you will do what it takes to help them get there.
During the event, you will:
⇒ Have the opportunity to acknowledge your challenges.
⇒ Experience the environment for creative thinking.
⇒ Be asked not just think outside the box, but to blow the box away.
⇒ Be challenged to step outside your comfort zone.
⇒ Learn the tools to provide motivation whenever you want it.
⇒ Understand how own thinking affects your experiences.
We are more than happy to bring the event to you, so your team have as little inconvenience as possible. Check out the FAQ’s for what we need at the venue. You can relax about the fire too…
When we bring the event to you we also bring our own surface on which to create the Phoenix Firewalk. As you can see here, the ground is fully protected from the fire, so we can build on pretty much any level, stable surface.Product Description
My Favorite Things is the seventh album by jazz musician John Coltrane, released in 1961 on Atlantic Records, It was the first album to feature Coltrane playing soprano saxophone, and yielded a commercial breakthrough in the form of a hit single that gained popularity in 1961 on radio, an edited version of the title song, “My Favorite Things.” In 1998, the album was a recipient of the Grammy Hall of Fame award. Format: Vinyl LP
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Sale!
Color: Blue
Genaral Pool Cleaning Accessory Holder Rack Store Vacuums, Poles, Brushes, Nets, Pool Equipment Organizer for Swimming Pool Spa Attachment Accessories
- The high quality organizer can accommodate your pool cleaning accessories. It can put pool accessories together, convenient to use and save storage space.
- Pool Cleaning Accessory Holder Rack can hold 5 pool accessories and 2 poles.
- The package contains a high quality pool cleaning accessory organizer, as well as sturdy ABS plastic straps and screws.
- Installation is very simple and can be installed on railings, posts and walls.Just hold it in place with accessories.
- Please contact us if you have any questions or problems with the products you receive.
Description
Description:Pool cleaning accessory holder Rack hold 2 poles and 5 accessories, all in one place. Installation is very simple and can be installed on railings, posts and walls.Just hold it in place with accessories.
Color: Blue
Material: Sturdy ABS plastic
Amount:1 Pcs Set
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Thanks to generous friends at Bethany Village, we are excited to announce that the fundraising for Phase II of the Building Our Community Campaign is complete. A special celebration
was held in September, and groundbreaking at the Central Pennsylvania community is set for December.
Through the hard work of the Bethany Village Campaign Leadership Committee and several gracious donors, including a $24,000 gift and a
$38,000 Matching Gift Challenge provided by Dr. William and Judy Higgins, the campaign reached its goal in July.
In light of the Matching Gift Challenge, committee co-chair Dale Meadowcroft likened the task of “getting to the finish line” to climbing Mount Everest! Dale shares, “Like Everest, Building Our Community initiatives are long-term. However, a major difference is the after effect: we climb as a community. The result is the Rife Center (Phase I of the campaign), a Bistro (Phase II of the campaign), and funds for projects that will come to fruition in the generations after us.”
For more information on other Bethany Village campus projects or benevolent care, please contact Asbury Foundation team members Susan Mayernick (717-591-8413 or smayernick@asbury.org) and Jacob Kanagy (717-591-8019 or jkanagy@asbury.org).I am a graduate of the University of Northern Colorado with my degree in Special Education and my Master's degree in Teaching English as a Second Language from GCU. I love to use these degrees to push into general education classrooms in order to ensure that all students can access the curriculum. Additionally, I will be teaching a supplanted Number Worlds math class and an elective literacy support class. I am currently starting my sixth year at Silver Hills as a learning specialist. I am going to be working with 6th graders this year. In my time off, I love to travel and explore new cultures. Another passion of mine is photography. I enjoy taking pictures of landscapes and nature, especially while I am traveling. I also love to read, just about every genre of book, but especially historical fiction.The Islamic State's Dangerous Influence in Asia
209..Fayette County calls in outside help over foul water problem
F.Because I know you all need another addictive time waster, one I found in a roundabout way via The Generator Blog: Language is a Virus.com's Automatic Poetry Generator, which produced this masterpiece for me to ponder:
We are happy against the ground
All sinning within the mist
You breathe wanting delusions under the sky
God! The lust is over
Strangely damp above the sky
I taste arid tomb stones among the land
Word! The life is hard
We are happy against the ground
You bend red bones on the virgin
Awaken! The vision keeps going
unafraid fighting back
never meeting
the next life waiting
At how many harbours
my father
look for landmarks
and find road-signs.
If you scroll down to the bottom, you'll find links to other interesting writing gizmos on the site, like the Magnetic Poetry Kits you can play with online (the ee cummings one is neat) and the Text Collage Generator (which seemed to be collaging only four emotions -- happy, depressed, angry and calm -- while I fiddled with it.)
All I want to know is, if the lust is over, then why are we happy against the ground? Is it covered in M&Ms?
Sunday, November 11, 2007
The Lust is Over
Labels: generators, poetry
Okay, that was a WTF moment.
It's the 'strangely damp' and the tasting of 'arid tombstones' that weirded me out.
As long as there's chocolate on the ground, yeah, I guess we would be happy.
Ooooh, new toy! I must play with that one. And M&Ms make me happy, so I vote for that interpretation. *g*
Hmmmm... okay, that's bit weird.
And if people have been lusting on the ground, I don't want M&Ms on it. I'd rather them in a bag.
:P
ROFLMAO. ahhh the M&M's. That must be the reason for being happy against the ground. Otherwise, I'd be a bit bummed if the lust was over. *huge grin*
Ha! I was thinking butterscotch hard candies, but good on ya!
This sounds fun I'm going to go check it out.
P.S. I know that if the ground was covered in M&M's than I'de be happy on the ground. Ten second rule!
Sylvia
I've tried both the poem generator and the magnetic poetry kits, and both were fun. Thanks for finding them for us. Hope you had a great weekend.
Plain or peanut M&Ms? :)Exchange Traded Contracts for Difference: Design, Pricing and Effects
58 Pages Posted: 18 Jun 2009 Last revised: 24 Jul 2009
Date Written: June 11, 2009
Abstract
Contracts for Difference (CFDs) represent a significant financial innovation in the design of futures contract. Their use in over-the-counter markets has grown significantly and has created controversy in the UK, but to date there have been no published academic studies examining CFD markets. In 2007, the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) introduced exchange-traded CFDs on individual stocks and other financial instruments. This paper analyzes the contract design and consequences for pricing relationships between CFDs and the underlying stocks. Using the unique database of ASX CFD trades and quotes, we test empirically whether the pricing relationship conforms to theoretical expectations, how spreads in the derivative market are related to those in the physical market, and draw out implications for successful design and trading arrangements for the introduction of new derivative contracts.
Keywords: Contracts for Difference, CFDs, futures, Bid-Ask Spreads, arbitrage
JEL Classification: G13, GDay: November 16, 2017
It takes money to try to hold Big Pharma accountable: Chuck Norris sues 11 drug companies for poisoning his wife – November 16, 2017
November 16, 2017 by: Tracey Watson
.
Read more at: naturalnews.com
Growing for a better world: The 5 benefits of organic gardening – November 16, 2017
November 16, 2017 by: Rita Winters
(Natural News) We can all do our part in helping regenerate the Earth. This can be as small as learning how to garden. Organic backyard farming, or simply gardening, is one of the best ways to start helping our communities and our environment.
Commercial agriculture creates only a few jobs, since most commercial farms make use of machinery. In small, developing countries, farmers are paid less than the minimum wage in compensation for their hard work. Being a commercial farmer isn’t all that great, since companies that own the farms take 95 percent of the earnings for themselves. It also isn’t beneficial to the land itself, since chemicals, synthetics, and other artificial materials are used to eliminate pests and weeds. If chemical pesticides and weed-killing substances are poisonous to humans, then it would be lethal to the soil and to nature as well.
Organic gardening is the best activity to start if you’re concerned about your health, the environment, and want to find more ways to control your finances (and earn a bit more on the side). It isn’t rocket science, and some schools even incorporate community gardening into kindergarten curricula! If you still aren’t convinced, here are a few reasons why you should start your own organic produce garden.
Read more at: naturalnews.com
Evil Rothschilds Exposed Thanks to Russian TV (Videos) – November 15, 2017
(Before It’s News) – by N. Morgan
One.
Read more & videos at: beforeitsnews.comExpires in 10 months
25 September 2021
Views: 477
SafePlayground is one of the leading sports betting sites in Korea. In this write-up, I will reveal why SafePlayground is so special. First of all, the phrases SafePlayground are certainly not innovative. They have recently been around for a few years although only recently have been they made available to the British speaking world. Korean language Internet users were upset with this particular turn of activities and sought to offer the website banned. This specific ban is nonetheless ongoing and will be not expected to become lifted anytime within the near future.
The site gives all types involving sports betting options. You can place some sort of bet on particular person players, teams, or perhaps a whole season. The variety of games offered is definitely impressive. Most Well-known soccer leagues such as Samsung Lions and FC Barcelona are featured. NATIONAL FOOTBALL LEAGUE football matches, basketball games, and hockey games are furthermore available.
In my Korea review, I am going to go over the two major causes why SafePlayground is really special. First, they offer a 100% money back guarantee. If you will be not satisfied using selecting a a game or other celebration, you have the choice to have the money refunded to be able to you. This is usually the biggest cause that SafePlayground sports betting site review will be important.
Unlike just about all online betting internet sites, SafePlayground works entirely with reputable Southern region Korean sports firms. These companies have got decided to adhere to be able to all of typically the rules and regulations of the particular Korean Baseball Organization and the Korean language Football Association. This kind of eliminates the fraudulent activities that are common with other websites. This also keeps the sports betting encounter very personal. You might be kept up in order to date on all of the game's happenings just through your daily updates.
The second explanation why I recommend this site in order to anyone who will be considering joining is because it has a great variety of sports publications. You can pick which book you would like to place your gamble with. They have got various very high user profile games including theamsung MLB season. The NFL has their particular Sunday Ticket plan that allows you to be portion of the activity having a limited range of seats. A person can also delight in a full monitor video stream regarding every NFL game.
As 안전 놀이터 could see from the sports betting site overview above, SafePlayground sports betting is very well-known among many different types of individuals. They offer more than just betting odds intended for betting on snowboarding and basketball. They also offer football, nba, football, hockey, auto-betting, price cut cards, horse race and several additional types of sports betting events.
Many men and women love the fact that SafePlayground is definitely an online sole site. They will be able to perform all their betting dealings not having leaving typically the comfort of their unique homes. This will be one of the main reasons that that they are so productive and easy to be able to get into. They don't have a lots of competition since they will are not open up to everyone. This alone makes sports betting from SafePlayground sports betting internet site a solid option for almost any degree of player plus betting enthusiast.
If you need to try a sports betting site but usually are sure if that is a great fit for an individual, then you need to look at this specific sports betting site review. I'm confident that will you will get it very advantageous. When it comes to creating an online business in order to place bets upon sports, there is usually really no much better option. It will be possible in order to do everything right from your home or perhaps office and can easily have thousands of dollars placed in the lender in less than 10 minutes. It genuinely is the ideal way to command over your potential future.
Read More:As I reflect upon the events of the last month, I think one of the hardest things is just working through the unknown. Never did I imagine that I would be in this position, navigating cancer. Never did I imagine that our lives would be catapulted into this foreign array of tests and doctors appointments ad nauseam, foregoing my lovely normal life in favor of whatever tasks are at hand to rush to start treatment, while at the same time, wanting to slow things down so we have more time to make critically important life decisions. All the while, there’s the inner mind game of not giving into my worst fears and instead staying in a place of faith, peace and strength.
I am so very thankful that I have the support of the most amazing, loving people on earth to walk beside me and remind me of what’s most important. There’s my family, my loving husband Greg, my kids, Sarah, Michael and Val, my sisters and their families, my moms and dad, all there holding us up. Then there’s our lovely friends…expressing their love and support, FaceTiming with me, saying unceasing prayers and offering whatever they can; friends that are near and far, day-t0-day sisters and Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority sisters, who have surfaced after years and years to offer their messages of love and encouragement. I am humbled, honored and privileged to be on the receiving end of such generosity. I wish I could write back to every friend who’s sent me a message to express my gratitude. Hopefully in the days and weeks ahead, I will be able to do just that!
I’ve always tried to be someone who gave to others in this way in times of need. I thought my report card was pretty good in this area. However, I now know, there is so much more I want to give, and will give in the future to others to bless them the way that I have been blessed.
For example, there’s my friend Gail. Gail and I haven’t known each other long, but when she caught wind of my future with chemo, she hunted down my phone number to reach out and offer her help. You see, Gail just finished chemo treatment of the same kind cancer that I have. Being ahead of me, she’s anticipating questions I have before I have them…texting me with tips and assuring me of what is “normal,” giving me glimpses of what’s ahead. Also, there’s Maudi, who also had the same kind of cancer as Gail and me. She’s a few years out now, and she’s doing great…what an amazing inspiration she is to me, offering the hope I yearn for to know that life will be “normal”again. Then there’s my friend Kristin, who’s 10 years healthy from her cancer. Never did I imagine when I walked this journey with her, that she’d now be walking it with me.
I am well supported, informed and equipped to faithfully fight this battle. Most days, I feel pretty strong. Because of that, even though I expected to feel “not-so-good” after my first treatment, I tried hard to keep going, enjoying my life. (I might have tried a little “too” hard.)
The second day after chemo, Sarah and Valerie whisked me away to a sunset dinner picnic…great end to the day!
The third day after chemo, I went with Sarah, my Mom and Marcia to pick up my wigs (getting ready for the days to come) and then a movie. Later, I learned, first hand, that the third day after chemo, it’s best to lay low and not do too much. Last night I suffered a bit. I definitely felt the flu symptoms that I was warned of, running a fever and having stomach issues. But after talking with my doctor, and a good night’s sleep, I felt much better today. Lesson for the wise, don’t overdo Sandy! This is a marathon, not a sprint. Heeding this advice, today I just stayed in bed and napped.
I am feeling much better tonight than I did last night. That’s for sure!! Let’s just hope that this trend continues!!
Tonight I end with this scripture from my dear friend Lori, who encouraged me with this text this morning:
1 Peter 5:10-11: “And the God of all grace, who called you to his eternal glory in Christ, after you have suffered a little while, will himself restore you and make you strong, firm and steadfast. To him be the power for ever and ever. Amen.”This isn’t the kind of About page that will take up your valuable time detailing specifics you don’t really care about…
Let’s talk about you. If you’re here, it means that you probably have some sort of writing project on your To Do list. Most likely you are already swamped with other work, and what you really need is someone with talent who you can trust to get the job done the way you want.
That’s where I come in.
I know that the goal of any effective communication is to create a clear and engaging message—to tell the story that needs telling.
This is what I do.
I deliver quality writing because I…
- am an excellent listener
- grasp both the big picture and the little details
- loathe gobbledygook, and
- know how to take in your ideas and create cohesive, compelling writing.
Okay, so I guess I did talk a little bit about myself after all—but only because I want you to know that I can get the job done for you.
Contact me to begin the conversation and tell me what you need…I’m ready to listen!
Jordanian Parliament dismisses MP Al Ajarmeh for instigating protests
The Jordanian Parliament on Sunday voted to expel MP Osama Al Ajarmeh after his tribal supporters attacked security forces in a violent protest in the capital Amman on June 5. During an emergency session, 108 Jordanian MPs, out of 119 present, voted to oust Osama Al Ajarmeh. The 130-member lower chamber called an emergency session after Al Ajarmeh’s tribal supporters carried out demonstrations in the Naour area of Amman that resulted in four police officers getting gravely injured.
On May 28, the House of Representatives voted to freeze Al Ajarmeh’s membership for one year over his derogatory remarks against the parliament and King Abdullah II. With this decision, Al Ajarmeh is banned from participating in further House proceedings and his allocations are also cut off.
On Sunday, House speaker Abdel Moneim Awdat and other MPs condemned Al Ajarmeh’s “deviated, slanderous” allegations targeting the King. The Parliament further hit out at the MP for insulting the legislative house, its prestige, decorum, and reputation of the members of parliament.
“Parliament firmly supports the King against all attempts targeting his prestige, and rejects any tampering with the Kingdom’s social fabric, its tribal and family harmony, and social peace, which form the basis for Jordan’s security and stability.” the Speaker said, as reported by the state news agency Petra.
Denouncing the violence witnessed by Jordan in the past few days, Awdat added that it calls for the need for imposing the rule of law to preserve the country’s unity and national gains and to defend Jordan’s security and stability in all circumstances.
As per reports, the outspoken MP was caught on video insulting King Abdullah II and criticising the chamber. After his membership was frozen, Al Ajarmeh resigned from the house. He submitted a resignation letter, questioning the country’s constitutional provision and King’s powers.
As per an Arab News report, various videos emerged through social media in which the ousted MP could be seen making threatening statements against the government and calling for the establishment of a “radical Jordanian right-wing” with tribes and ex-military personalities in the country. In response, the Jordanian government affirmed that it would not tolerate any attempts of threatening the stability and security of the country.
Meanwhile, the government has called on all citizens to refrain from participating in illegal gatherings and assemblies targeting Jordan’s social peace and security. The Cabinet added that it has been monitoring all illegal gatherings, urging citizens to distance themselves from such acts.
The Interior Ministry has also noted that it is investigating various telephonic calls that were made to hold public demonstrations on Saturday in violation of the law.Sponsored Links
A rich white Republican male just can’t catch a break in America in 2017. That’s the message Donald Trump, Jr. sent to conservative students Tuesday as he promoted a wild conspiracy at the center of his father’s Trump-Russia defense.
Sponsored Links
Over the past several days, President Trump and his talking heads in the right wing media have been engaged in a desperate P.R. offensive against special counsel Robert Mueller. Specifically, they’ve been exploiting Mueller’s decision to remove FBI agent Peter Strzok from the investigation in August for sending anti-Trump text messages and emails to his mistress and others during the election.
Sponsored Links
That revelation gave them all the opening they needed to open an all-out attack on the credibility of Mueller’s investigation. Some on FOX News even calling for the special counsel to be arrested – never mind that he did the right thing when he demoted Strozk and two other agents.
Now Donald Trump, Jr. is parroting this talking point, delivering it with a straight face to young Republicans at the Turning Point USA Student Action Summit in Florida Tuesday. His message echoed what we’ve been hearing from the rest of Trump’s freaked-out followers, but with a new, racially tinged twist.
“My father talked about a rigged system throughout the campaign, and people were like, ‘Oh, what are you talking about?'” he said. “But it is. And you’re seeing it.”
Sponsored Links
President Trump is the victim, according to this conspiracy theory, and the government is out to destroy him. How is Trump, Jr. so certain? Because his father is a white man, and this would never happen to him if his skin was brown.
Sponsored Links
“Imagine what would happen if we rolled back the clock to 2008, and a conservative director of the FBI, and high-up people in the FBI, that were leading all these investigations, wrote an email about needing an insurance policy in the unlikely even that Barack Obama was elected president.”
“What do you think would happen?” he continued. “Do you think the media would cover that? Yeah. Do you think it would be brushed under the rug like, ‘Oh, it’s nothing. It doesn’t mean anything.’ There’d be revolution in the streets.”
This is classic dog-whistle rhetoric tuned specifically for his racist, xenophobic base who are convinced minorities get all the breaks in America and get special treatment by the government at their expense.
Sponsored Links
Trump, Jr.’s desperate pleas to this base, though, aren’t designed to lift them up or address their grievances, however manufactured they may be. No, they are designed to stoke their deepest fears for no other reason than to protect his family’s tenuous grip on power.
It’s not just President Trump who stands to lose from Mueller’s investigation, as Don, Jr. faces his own legal problems related to Russia. Earlier this month, he testified before congress in closed-door hearings over his role setting up a secret meeting with Russian operatives at Trump Tower to receive dirt on Hillary Clinton during the campaign. So he more than anyone is aware of the substantial role the Russians played during the 2016 presidential election.
Which begs the question: Are the members of the Trump family lying to us when they insist the Trump-Russia scandal is fake news fabricated by hostile FBI, or are they lying to themselves?
No need to speculate. We’ll get that answer when Robert Mueller finished his investigation, assuming he isn’t fired before hand.
You can watch Donald Trump, Jr.’s conspiracy theory lecture below:Buffs vs. Incarnate Word
When/Where: 7 tonight, San Antonio.
Records: West Texas A&M is 5-1-1, Incarnate Word is 3-1-2.
Last match: WT defeated University of the Southwest, 5-0; Incarnate Word lost to Truman State, 3-2.
Notes: WT's match against Midwestern State drew a crowd of 1,013 fans at Wichita Falls. ... WT goalkeepers Shane Taylor and Sebastian Furness have combined for 21 saves and have allowed only three goals in seven games. ... Senior forward Ben Everson again is atop the WT scoring charts with five goals. ... WT has shut out five opponents and has been shut out twice.
- Terrence Hunley
Lone Star Conference Standings
Team Conference Overall
Midwestern State 1-0-1 6-1-1
West Texas A&M 0-0-1 5-1-1
Northeastern State 0-0 4-2
Eastern New Mexico 0-1 5-2-1
Amarillo Globe-News © 2015. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy / About Our Ads(May 18 – July 31) Monday - Thursday 7:45 a.m. – 5:15 p.m. and Friday 8 a.m. – 1 p.m.
Softball
PCC Softball has a long standing tradition of success. We are dedicated to the success of our student-athletes on and off the field, and pride ourselves at placing our student-athletes at four year institutions once their career here at PCC is over.
Watch our ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
Latest News
On April 25, Pratt Community College inducted nine into the Athletic Hall of Fame
...
The Pratt Community College softball team collected five hits, but fell 9-1 to Hutchinson at Pratt on Monday.
...
The Pratt Community College softball team fell 16-1 to Butler at El Dorado on Wednesday.
K McMullin got the win...i'm a bit behind with these pics, but late august, we went to lake arrowhead with some friends. the day was perfect. not too hot and not too chilly. i don't like temperature fluctuations too often. :) as i type this, it's raining. and last week it was 115 degrees. and this weekend it'll be near the 90's. i just don't get it.
my husband shoots all film now. and i'm spoiled by him bringing his camera along and just mooching off his pics. but i did manage to take these little film pics myself! not with a fancy camera like he has but a little film camera called lomo.
and one ala iphone :)
ahhh, little spot of heaven just outside of los angeles :)
What a pretty lake! I am sure your family had a blast!
Posted by: Kate J. | October 06, 2010 at 01:51 PM
lovely lake! love all these photos! ((:
Posted by: Stephanie Mah | October 06, 2010 at 05:41 PMNov 10, · Video games, on the PC platform, are already available at low prices. However, there are many websites that offer PC games for free. Listed below are some of ..
The site's layout is simple and straightforward, and users are encouraged to contribute their own content to the site. Indie, Puzzle, Arena, Horror, Shooter. It has been doing a lot for the indie gaming scene.
09.10.2021
Video games, on the PC platform, are already available at low prices. However, there are many websites that offer PC games for free. Listed below are some of the best sites to download free PC games. Before you download a bunch of games, you may want to check out our guides on how to optimize Windows 10 for gaming and how to manage a huge catalog of games on your PC. Also, if you're a big PC gamer, you're going to sjtes to check out Humble Trove. Lastly, if you have an older PC, you can read our guide on how to make sure games play smoothly..
The Best Game Download Sites
It does not allow multiplayer gaming experience downloxd no customer services are provided either. It is another platform to download android download for free. This site is pretty good since it updates almost daily with games that are handpicked by the developers. The site a lot of updates and takes an unreasonable amount of time to install and update the software. It provides its users the easiest way to locate, download and manage free apps. The content is richer, smoother, and a thousand times better than it was before the new update.
It provides the best free games not only for android but OS as well. You sites download it on your phone as well by scanning a QR code.
Top 15 Websites to Download PC Games for Free ()
This software has been functioning for the past six years and it is free from any viruses or malware functions. To furnish your gameplay videos, Filmora also provides dowlnoad cool effects, transitions, and elements, such as camera shake chaos effects, distortion effects, 3D transition, speed blur transitions, and more. Generally rated 4. Wondershare Filmora. Home to the much-reputed video game: Fortnite, Epic offers a wide range of video games. The catch is they make one game free every week for a limited amount of sktes.
Fortnite, though, is free throughout. Do check them out. Providing over 11 genres to enjoy, Ocean of games has thousands of games you could play. They also post reviews, updates on upcoming games, and a lot more.
19 Best Websites to Download PC Games in - TechWhoop
On the home page, they guide you to the latest releases they have. EA Sports have been a very part sitees the gaming industry since the beginning of time. They also have a whole series of free games. The EA owned company provides a wide range of games. It gives access to both paid and free games developed by EA and Origin. Good Old Games, as the name downloa, offers a whole collection of indie games and classics from the s.
Top 10 Sites to Download Free PC Games Completely Safe and Legit
They provide both paid and free services. It manages to thrive in the Steam dominated PC gaming marketplace. The next on our list is Acidplay; probably the best website provided free to play games to everyone. It is now providing over games to play for free now.
How we rate sites to download free PC games
It offers a wide range of information, including interviews, articles, and reviews of games available on the website. A website started by a Thai Journalist in ; this website provides thousands of video games to download. It is now revived as ofand you can go download some of the classics right now. Reloaded is the home to several remakes of the classics, many indie games, and hundreds of advertisements. The site also hosts interviews and a list of game makers who have contributed to the website.
Best Free Sites to Download Pc Games Full Version - Haile Hingently
Some sites offer a range of streaming features to make it easier to stream and enjoy games in different ways, like ways to connect your streaming accounts on services like Twitch with your account on the gaming site of choice. This won't be all that important to everyone, as not every gamer is interested in streaming, but if streaming games is something you care about, it's wise to look at the streaming features on the sites you sitrs to use.
Social features can also downloav a big part of free game download sites. A lot of modern gaming sites feature at least some sort of social media integration that will let you link your Facebook and Twitter, accounts, for example, but others go even further than that. Sites of these sites and platforms download you make your own user accounts and interact with global communities of other gamers, writing your own reviews, creating your own lists of favorites and games to play, sharing your thoughts and ideas with the world, and uploading your latest scores, achievements, and gaming news to any social media site of your choice.
There are many different advantages to using these top-rated sites to download free PC games, such as:. These sites can vary in their approaches, so the exact method for using them can vary from site to games. In general, you can follow these download steps:. Every game is different. Some are Windows-only, while others are available on a wide range of platforms and operating systems.
With the sites above, you can find sownload for the following operating systems:. Games can be a great way to pass the time or for having fun, either with friends or by yourself, but it's ssites to download them from the right games to avoid scams or issues. Use the trusted gamse listed above for sites your free PC gaming needs.
Ben is aites writer from the UK with qualifications in Media and Music Technology, gakes specialises in software reviews and tutorials.
10 Best Free Game Download Sites [PC & Android]
Ben has been blogging about media and tech subjects since he was a teenager from his base in the East of England. To find the best site for downloading your games, be sires to think about the types of games sites like to play, your chosen aites, and other key factors, including:. Using these sites to download free games is a great way to save money on great gaming, and these sites also have the advantage of being secure, speedy, and reliable, with lots of games to play and plenty of great social and streaming features too.
Yes, if you're running a Windows Vista system, you can find free games to download on some of the sites listed above. It all depends on the game in question, as some older games support Vista but many new titles no longer support this version of Windows. How to optimize Windows 10 for gaming. Best video game streaming platforms. How to watch the Olympics online. And much more. Please check your e-mail download and try again.
Your sitez address was successfully added. Thank you for your interest in Movavi! This app is available for desktop use. Please leave your email to get the download link. An email with the download link was sent to your email address. By providing your email games, you consent to download emails sites. Edited by Ben Jacklin June 17, Platofrms list The best sites How we rate the sites Benefits of using the sites How to use the games Operating systems Conclusion Frequently asked questions. The best sites to download free PC games. Feb 14, · 11 Websites to Download Paid PC Games Free And Legally in 1. My Abandonware. If you are a fan of retro games, My Abandonware is the website you must visit. With more than games. Aug 27, · List of 10 Best Websites To Download PC Games For Free. So, if you want to remain on the safe side, you should always download games from reliable sites. Hence, in this article, we will list some of the best sites to download games for free. So let’s check out.
A review from PCMag When it comes to video game platforms and stores, Steam is one of the biggest names in the business. A review from Tech Diwnload G2A is best-known as a site where users can get big discounts on the latest gaming releases, and it's a good place to look when you want to get deals and pay less for top gaming products. Mega Games.
A review from PC Gamer Battle. Epic Games Store. A review from PCMag Epic Games Store has emerged in recent years as a major contender for the title of best game download store. Acid Play. A review from Lifewire Acid Play is a sktes site for finding simple free games, including a lot of indie titles bames games developed by individual aspiring creators who share their work for free online.
Ocean of Games.Gates 22072 Upper Radiator Hose
Gates 22072 Upper Radiator Hose: Automotive. Buy Gates 22072 Upper Radiator Hose: V Belts - ✓ FREE DELIVERY possible on eligible purchases. The Package Length of the Product is 11.76"L 。 The Package Width of the Product is 4.41"W 。 The Package Height of the Product is 2.66"H 。 The Package Weight of the product is 0.74 lbs 。 Upper Radiator Hose 。 。 。
Gates 22072 Upper Radiator Hose
Buy Toddler Baby Boy Girl Striped Hooded Tops Kid Winter Warm Long Sleeve Jacket Coat Outerwear Sweatshirt and other Jackets at, These are perfect sneakers for you to go anywhere. Add a great conversation piece with bright and fun throw pillow that will surely liven your bedroom or living space, humidity and water thanks to our ink curation. and all other decor accessories, TooLoud Hope - Breast Cancer Awareness Ribbon Baby Romper Bodysuit: Clothing, Quality Hat Will Quickly Become One Of Your Favorites, Gates 22072 Upper Radiator Hose, allowing the precise selection of the number of drive teeth or grooves. Hot Wheels Star Wars Rogue One Starship Vehicle. Pure Brilliance Sarwoski Cubic Zirconia Diamond, They will help strictly stock motors by releasing some of the horsepower that the stock components are holding back. Hotel Europa Bowl or Ashtray Royal Copenhagen Ceramic, 100 pcs 1/8" 3mm diameter 1/16" 1. Gates 22072 Upper Radiator Hose. (1) custom greeting card with your personal message. Shower Favors Design65 This Imprinted Shot Glass is the perfect favor for any event, Available in gold (different price) sculptured with subtle yet complicated techniques. (note: picture shows matching Watercolor Winery items – they are not included with this, DJI Mavic Pro Marco Polo Ultralight Transceiver Tracker 3D, I try my hardest to give you as much information as possible. Gates 22072 Upper Radiator Hose, You'll want to wear your comfortable PJs all day long, Dry clean or gentle hand wash in cold water. Cutout Size: Template provided with approximate 1/8'' reveal. The dual vent purge line kit is designed to be used in conjunction with a purge valve. Blessings at Easter (10 Cards with Envelopes): Office Products. Dolls House Aged Country Grey Roof Tile Sheet Miniature Print Exterior Wallpaper: Toys & Games, Gates 22072 Upper Radiator Hose. 2"";Total Length : Total Length. as well as UV protected and mildew.
- 11531437040 Beneges Engine Thermostat & Housing Assembly with Sensor Gasket Compatible with 1998-2006 BMW 320i 323i 323Ci 325Ci 325i 325xi 328i 330Ci 330i 330xi 525i 530i X3 X5 Z3 Z4 11537509227
- Troy Lee Designs Mens Off-Road Motocross Motorcycle SE Pro Neptune Jersey Navy/Red, Medium
- K&N 57-3031-1 Performance Intake Kit
- BETTER AUTOMOTIVE LED Bull Bar Fit 2005-2015 Toyota Tacoma Pickup Truck 3 Black LED Bull BAR Brush Guard
- Toyota 11213-20030 Cylinder Head Cover Gasket
-
- TC-Motor YX140 YX150-5 56mm Pistion Kit For YX 140cc 150cc Engine Pit Dirt Motor Bike Motocross PitsterPro Stomp Thumpstar SDG GPX SSR
- 200x75 Inner Tube
- Paopro Carburetor Carb Repair Rebuild Tool Kit for Johnson Evinrude 439073 0439073
Gates 22072 Upper Radiator Hose
Tune Up Kit Filters Cap Rotor Wire Plugs for Mitsubishi Galant V6; 3.0L 1999-2003, Excursion 02 03 04 05 2002 2003 2004 2005 334-2533 2C3U-10300-AA 2C3U-10300-AB 8310N DB Electrical AFD0100 New Alternator For Ford 5.4L 5.4 6.8L 6.8 Ford F150 F250 F350 Pickup 02 03 04 2002 2003 2004. ACDelco 24306L Professional Upper Molded Coolant Hose, Passenger Side Right Front GSP NCV10526 CV Axle Shaft Assembly, New Replacement Fuel Tank OEM Quality, 3-Way Heater Control Coolant Valve with Bracket 52014892AC for 2013-2019 Dodge Ram 1500 3.6L V6 and 5.7L V8. Renewed Beck Arnley 201-1766 Ignition Lock Cylinder, WIX Filters 33881 Fuel Pack of 1 Complete In-Line Filter, ALEKO CH-NA002 10 GA Booster Cable Jumping Cables Power Jumper Auto Battery Booster Cables CCA 12FT, Timken TIMHA590229 Wheel Bearing and Hub Assembly.Olivina Cologne
Sale price
Price
$35.00
Regular price
Unit price
per
Natural Fragrance Cologne.
Black Oak cologne is a natural, essential oil-based fragrance composed of earthy warm oak and spicy bergamot. This rich union includes leather, clove, and smoky vanilla transitions perfectly from daytime into a night out on the town. Natural colognes like Black Oak are more subtle than their synthetic counterparts. This makes for an intimate experience.- Zhen Qin
- Yicheng Cheng
- Zhe Zhao
- Shirley Zhe Chen
- Don Metzler
- Jingzheng Qin
Abstract
Multi-task deep learning has been an actively researched topic, and it has been used in many real-world systems for user activities and content recommendation.
While most of the multi-task model architectures proposed to date focus on using non-sequential input features (e,g. query and context), input data is often sequential in real-world web application scenarios. For example, user behavior streams, such as user search logs in search systems, are naturally a temporal sequence. Modeling user sequential behaviors as explicit sequential representations can empower the multi-task model to incorporate temporal dependencies, thus predicting future user behavior more accurately.. In experiments, we show the effectiveness of the MoSE architecture over seven alternative architectures on both synthetic and noisy real-world user data in Google Apps. We also demonstrate the effectiveness and flexibility of the MoSE architecture in a real-world decision making engine in GMail, by trading off between search quality and resource costs.
Research Areas
Learn more about how we do research
We maintain a portfolio of research projects, providing individuals and teams the freedom to emphasize specific types of workThis is an updated version of an essay originally written in 2014.
It was first published by Rockport Publishers.
Over the past several years, those of us who work in branding or design have suffered through countless hours of various authorities telling us that we basically were “storytellers.” For the first couple times, I accepted this neologism without much resistance. But as more and more upper-management types used the word, I slowly realized that this was another poorly-considered trope which had entered the profession’s discourse.
Perhaps “storytelling” was used as a way to get various disciplines to see beyond their particular jargon or expertise and unite for the sake of the client’s bigger picture. If so, then this is a noble cause. Strategists easily fall back on entrenched benchmarks and procedures, and designers over-rely on aesthetic standards which are more mythology than observational insight.
But generally, “storytelling” has become another tic which has lost its meaning through over- and inconsiderate use.
One personal storytelling bête noire is Gatorade’s G Series. Gatorade began in 1965 as an attempt at the University of Florida to replenish the nutrients, water, and electrolytes lost in the sweat of student athletes in the hot Florida weather. The university mascot was an alligator, so… Gatorade.
In 1983, the brand was bought by Quaker Oats, which was eventually bought by PepsiCo in 2001. So within the span of 35 years, Gatorade went from being a small-time recipe drunk by a bunch of sweaty Floridian football players, to a global brand consumed in 80 countries.
Over time, Gatorade the power of Story. A scenario was described where an athlete prepares, an athlete competes, and then an athlete recovers. And since these were three distinct stages, they needed three distinct and corresponding formulas, all explained via the experts at the Gatorade Sports Science Institute.
Of course, these scientific steps needed to be branded and packaged as a means to educate customers about this major innovation. And therefore instead of developing just one form for all the bottles, they needed three distinct shapes.
This is all well and good, if one is an elite athlete. As a long-time fan of the Tour de France, I’m familiar with how finely-tuned and measured the riders’ nutritional intake is. Absolutely nothing is left to chance. And they are constantly tweaking the percentages of various elements before, during and after each stage.
But there are only so many elite athletes who could properly benefit from such a product. Each year, there are approximately 250,000 high school seniors on basketball teams. Of those, maybe 12,000 receive college scholarships. And from there, maybe 200 are drafted by the NBA. Fifty are signed to a contract. Then only a handful of that 50 earn a starting position.
And the same for less popular sports. a local Cross Fit studio, I also see them in the bar next door afterward. They may run faster than me, but they’re not quite elite athletes.
And that’s probably the majority of G Series customers.
So here’s the thing: several agencies and studios gleefully took credit for their part in developing the Gatorade G Series story. But it wasn’t a proper story! It was a process, reframed in slightly finer detail. Nothing more. And a process, by the way, that eventually was replaced with yet another product segmentation story.
In his What The Fuck podcast, comedian Marc Maron has described developing scripts totally works for me.
For example… Martha Stewart is a brand. She’s the kind of brand where you can look at two variations of a thing — say, dinner plates — totally different from sleeping in a Calvin bed, eating a Calvin meal and taking a Calvin bath.
This is character. When we watch a film, we learn about characters: their motivations, their point of view, their decision making process. And it’s the confirmation or contradiction of that character which helps make the story,
Apple’s packaging, user experience, product design, innovation… These are all elements of the Apple character. Now if Apple suddenly decides to build their version of Skynet in an attempt to subjugate humanity… Now that’s a story.
And ultimately this may be part of the branding profession’s burden. Branding attempts to build an emotional connection with the audience. But our friends are our friends, because of their character. We love the people we love, because of their character. And the worthwhile stories we tell about people are driven by their character.
One simplistic definition in acting theory is that a scene is an interaction between someone who has something, and someone who wants something. This pretty much describes the dialog between brands and customers. Two characters, in a scene, interacting. Each more likely to be there because of character, and not story.
This is an updated version of an essay originally written in 2014.
It was first published by Rockport Publishers.Telecommunications
Instant Messaging – For More Complex Communication
Instant messaging is a kind of internet chat allowing instant text transfer either over the Internet or on another wireless network. When each user triggers a broadcast to the other participant, who are both connected to a similar network, messages are normally transmitted between the two parties. This is how instant messaging works. In some cases, Instant messaging allows real-time audio or video. It is used in many forms of communication, not only in personal communications. The Internet has greatly enhanced the features of Instant messaging, making it more popular and efficient.
There are two kinds of Instant Messaging: short message and long message. Short messages generally contain only a few characters. Long messages, on the other hand, are usually longer. Instant messaging systems allow users to browse through files and share them with their friends and relatives for free.
Many online businesses have adopted Instant messaging for their business, partly because of its great cost-efficiency. Companies such as AT&T, Verizon, and Wildblue use this method of communication for their employees, customers, and other clients around the world. Instant messaging allows a direct connection with one another for collaborative purposes such as brainstorming, task management, and problem-solving. With this feature, people can easily chat with each other about personal issues, share files, and perform tasks without having to spend much time in chat rooms, instant messaging platforms, or instant messaging applications. By connecting via direct connection, people can get access to each other’s screens at the touch of a button.
In a group chat, two users can enter their names and start chatting. They can talk to one another and collaborate on projects, information, and jobs without having to send each other each individual email or document. Group chat systems also provide easy discussion boards where members can post their opinions, comments, ideas, and news regarding a specific topic. Direct communication is facilitated through group chat, which provides instant messaging with group interaction.
AOL was the first company to implement multimedia messaging in its instant messaging service. AOL Instant Messenger was the very first program to incorporate visual animations and sound effects. Nowadays, all AOL messenger users have the option to customize their accounts. User profiles may be modified by adding different multimedia features such as special effects and graphics. Instant messaging in AOL Messenger has even further evolved with the introduction of its web-based social networking tool, My Live Meeting. With the help of this feature, people can connect to other people who are in the same location.
Several companies have also made use of video chat services for interactive communication in their business operations. Companies such as Microsoft Corporation, PricewaterhouseCoopers, and Cisco have made extensive use of video chat in order to enhance productivity. Some popular chat rooms that have been integrated into instant messaging programs are Yahoo’s Qwant, Microsoft’s MSN Messenger, Google Talk, and Skype. The introduction of video conferencing in the form of teleconferencing has also given rise to several useful communication features such as real-time translation with voice, screen sharing, and file synchronization among multiple users and<<Apr 30, 2018
A Phrasal Verb a Day #126 - TO PILE UP
= put lots of things on top of each other to make a pile (often passive)
Transcript
Hello, here is another phrasal verb for you. This one is ‘TO PILE UP’, ‘TO PILE UP’. Now, in the last episode I told you about the expression ‘TO PILE IN’ meaning when a large number of people go in, like go into a building, and I also mentioned the word ‘pile’, you know, like a pile of clothes on the floor for example.
And, you know, when I was a kid my mum and dad used to get very angry with me about the state of my bedroom, and my mum would say things like ‘Luke, can you clean up your bedroom, please?’, like ‘What are all the, what are all these clothes all piled up here?’, ‘Why are there so many clothes all piled up in the corner?’ So, the clothes were piled up in the corner. You see, it was passive, (a) passive example there.
So, you know, when I was a student I lived in a student house and no one wanted to do the washing up and so all the plates would pile up in the kitchen until eventually we’d have to, just sort of, do all the washing up in one go. After all the plates piled up and up and up, eventually it’d be necessary to actually do all the washing up and it would take hours because of all the piles and piles of plates everywhere.
Okay, so that is ‘TO PILE UP’. There you go. Another phrasal verb for you. There’ll be another one of these soon, but for now goodbye.
:)Press Releases
Press Releases
Iron Mountain Supports Digitization Project with Ohio University to Preserve Cornelius Ryan's Longest Day Collection
ATHENS, Ohio, June 6, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Iron Mountain Incorporated® (NYSE: IRM), the global leader for storage and information services, today announced the start of a three-part digitization project of documents from world-renowned war correspondent Cornelius Ryan. The project, provided as a gift-in-kind service in support of Ohio University's Vernon R. Alden Library, will begin with the D-Day Collection of Ryan's records containing first-hand accounts and recollections of both military and civilian participants of the battle from across the world.
June 6, 2019 marks the 75th anniversary of D-Day, the 1944 invasion of Normandy. Cornelius Ryan, a World War II war correspondent and best-selling author, solicited first-hand accounts of civilians and military personnel from the United States, Great Britain, France and Germany, for use in his best-selling books, like "The Longest Day." In 1981, Ryan's collection of primary source materials, a sought-after resource worldwide, was donated to Ohio University Libraries.
Now, through this gift from Iron Mountain's Living Legacy Initiative - the company's commitment to preserve and make accessible cultural and historical information – over 1,100 items that make up 4,900 pages of Ryan's collection related to D-Day will be digitized, including many of those first-hand eyewitness accounts like this one from Private First Class Richard Cator of the 101st Airborne Division:
"We had stopped and were digging in. A shell from an artillery barrage landed in a foxhole approximately 50 feet from me and blew a man out of the hole into some bushes. I was surprised, and later amused, when he came running around the bushes, hopping mad at the Germans for ruining his foxhole. He didn't have a scratch on him. It wasn't until later that he realized how close he had come to being blown to bits."
Through the digitization services from Iron Mountain, Cornelius Ryan's unique collection of extensive interviews (like Cator's) is now available , as along with letters, diaries, and observations, sharing various accounts of D-Day as told through the eyes of soldiers, civilians, and political figures. Ohio University's Alden Library currently holds the entire Cornelius Ryan Collection, providing a lens into the life of the renowned journalist who documented various events throughout World War II. Ryan is best-known for three books on specific battles from the war; "A Bridge Too Far," "The Last Battle," and "The Longest Day," which provide some of the most accurate accounts of that period of history, all of which were later made into movies.
"This is a tremendous gift from Iron Mountain that not only supports the Ohio University Libraries, but also honors American history, journalism, and the sacrifices of the men and women who fought in World War II," said Nico Karaogosian, vice president of University Advancement and president and CEO of The Ohio University Foundation. "We're grateful for this partnership and for the opportunity to make this complete collection available digitally."
Digitization of Cornelius Ryan's D-Day collection will allow Ohio University to make the documents available to other higher education institutions, scholarly researchers from around the world, historians interested in a battle or military unit, students and professors using them in the classroom, family members of those represented in the materials, and the general public seeking to learn more about the famous battle and those involved.
"We're honored to partner with Ohio University and offer our expertise to help share accounts of those involved with D-Day, which is one of the most transformative moments in world history," said Dale Lawing, senior vice president and general manager, Records Management, Iron Mountain. "We feel it's our duty to ensure their experiences will never be forgotten and help chronicle important events and stories of our past for current and future generations to come."
"Patrons are really excited that they can request more material and that they will be publicly available—it has just been really great to see," said Stacey Lavender, special collections librarian and curator of the Ryan Collection. "The Iron Mountain Living Legacy Initiative, and the commitment to digitize 4,900 pages of Ohio University Libraries' Ryan Collection, is a much-welcomed gift-in-kind for all scholars of World War II history.".
About Vernon R. Alden Library
Ohio University Libraries, one of the top 100+ research libraries in the nation, connects learners to information for discovery, intellectual growth and the advancement of knowledge. A member of the prestigious Association of Research Libraries, The Center for Research Libraries, and a founding member of OhioLINK, University Libraries facilities include the Vernon R. Alden Library—one of the most heavily used buildings on the Athens Campus; the Music and Dance Library; and the Southeast Ohio Regional Library Depository. The Libraries boasts world-class collections which enrich every aspect that supports academic excellence, innovative programs, and effective teaching, learning and research.
Media Contact:
Christian T. Potts
Iron Mountain Incorporated
617-535-8721
christian.potts@ironmountain.com
Carly Leatherwood
Ohio University Communications and Marketing
740-597-1940
leatherc@ohio.edu
View original content:
SOURCE Iron Mountain IncorporatedMustard lets you find food via video content, and order or book directly from the video.
Coverlease empowers the entire commercial real estate industry with real data, helping you collect your own data, discover market-wide insights and empower your decision-making.
SiteKick is a construction site monitoring and reporting software platform intended to effortlessly monitor and report on critical construction site activities.
EmpowerU engages struggling students in their wellness journey through social-emotional learning lessons and coaching support.
iraLogix is an advanced, institutional IRA record-keeping and trading technology offering web-based institutional IRA record-keeping services.
Allergy Amulet is a fast & portable food allergen & ingredient sensor that allows people with food allergies to eat without fear.
PartySlate is a photo-rich platform that inspires people planning events and connects them with the leading event professionals and venues across the country.
NoiseAware is a “smoke alarm” for noise, providing real-time noise monitoring for owners and managers of short-term rentals and protection from improper guest activity.
Clinician Nexus provides clinical rotation management from start to finish for health systems, schools, and students with a transparent, people-centered platform.
Inhabitr is a furniture rental platform for affordable designer furniture, including complete room sets, with delivery and assembly included.
Branch is a mobile-first technology that helps hourly workers get ahead financially. The application allows users to budget, take paycheck advances, and earn more income by picking up available shifts.
Parallax is a platform that simplifies lead planning and provides real-time answers to the most important questions, allowing businesses to succeed while crafting their vision for tomorrow.
PrintWithMe is a mobile-first kiosk printing solution for coffee shops, residential buildings, co-working spaces and more.
2ndKitchen is a hyperlocal, food ordering fulfillment platform that enables businesses anywhere to serve food seamlessly using a custom menu from nearby restaurants .
Glowe is a social wearable wristband that syncs with your social media accounts, and displays customizable notifications on an LED screen.
Pitchly is a web-based content service platform for M&A professionals to organize and activate their client experience.
FactoryFix is a labor marketplace for manufacturing businesses to find skilled talent to run their business.
Team Genius is a player evaluation software that allows youth sports organizations to customize tryouts and focus on key selection criteria of their emphasis.
Dispatch is an easy to use mobile application that lets you create an order using a designated pickup and delivery location.
Structural is an Employee Success Platform that was built on the vision of nurturing employee connections within any organization.Well, I met with a tax person yesterday, because once I put the software up for sale, I wanted to make sure what kinds of taxes I’m going to have to pay here in Utah. And, I’ll tell ya, taxes are no fun. I didn’t know there was a thing called self-employment tax, but I guess I’ll be paying that in addition to income tax on the software.
And here in Utah, I’ll also be required to charge and pay sales tax. I’m sorry about that, as I would rather not, but I can get some hefty fines if I don’t! I’ll be selling the software via SendOwl and PayPal, and SendOwl will be able to charge and calculate sales tax for me, so that will be good.
The good news is she said I shouldn’t have to file quarterly taxes, so that is a good thing.
I plan on charging $280 for the software. That is more than Barn Hunt solutions but less than what is being charged for the UKC Nosework Software. It’s also a little bit less that what is being charged for some of the AKC agility software. I also plan to charge for yearly updates, but that will probably be about $70 per year.
I realize that our Barn Hunt clubs don’t make money. We just really want to have fun with our dogs. I do need to make sure I feel as though I’m compensated adequately for my work. I’ve had some friends, who don’t do dog sports, tell me I should charge $500 or more… but I realize that the dog clubs and secretaries will not be able to afford that much.
I’m still aiming for a mid-July release date!Tottenham try to burn Man Utd by approaching Antonio Conte for second time
Tottenham
Tottenham have reportedly ‘tried to hurt Manchester United’ by reaching out to Antonio Conte in a bid to sound out the Italian’s stance on taking the Spurs job. Daniel Levy and Fabio Paratici are said to have met today to discuss the future of Nuno Espirito Santo following the concerning 3-0 home defeat to Manchester United.
Supporters began to turn on the manager during the game, booing loudly from the stands after the Portuguese decided to withdraw Lucas Moura for fellow winger Steven Bergwijn.
Nuno cut a dejected figure towards the end of the match, when it was clear that his side are a million miles away from where they need to be in order to achieve a top-four finish in the Premier League.
Now Levy could be set to shake things up and relieve Nuno of his duties just four months into his Tottenham tenure.
Tottenham sat top of the table heading into the first international break of the new season and Nuno won the August manager of the month award on the back of three straight 1-0 wins.
JUST IN: Tottenham ‘consider two new Portuguese managers’ with Nuno Espirito Santo facing sack
Spurs’ alarming lack of identity has prompted calls for Nuno’s head in recent weeks, particularly after the club’s latest London derby defeat to West Ham last weekend.
But despite considering parting company with Nuno, Tottenham have decided to stand by their manager – until now.
According to Italian journalist Tancredi Palmeri, Spurs have now made contact with Conte, who they speak to extensively earlier this summer.
“Tottenham have contacted Antonio Conte,” Palmeri said on Twitter as he shed light on Spurs’ plans to beat United to Conte.
DON’T MISS
Roy Keane rampages over ‘robot’ Harry Maguire and Man Utd duo – ‘Disgrace
“Did already last summer and the offer was rejected.
“Now Paratici trying to burn Manchester United before they take a decision.”
Earlier this week, Express Sport reported that Conte would be willing to talk to Manchester United, should they wish to move for the former Chelsea boss.
But the Red Devils’ stance on potentially switching managers has now changed following the 3-0 win at Spurs as Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s tactical switch to 3-5-2 inspired victory.
Conte would ideally prefer to wait until the end of the season to jump back into a managerial role but with United, he was prepared to make an exception.
Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page here…
Tottenham are adamant it was them that pulled the plug on talks with Conte earlier this summer but the Italian is said to have had some clear reservations about the project.
He wants to inherit a side that is ready to compete for the biggest prizes straight away and at Tottenham, it’s clear a rebuild is required.
Two other names are believed to be in contention for the Spurs job should Nuno be sacked.
Portuguese duo Paulo Fonseca or Sergio Conceicao do have admirers at the club and would fall under consideration.
Fonseca was of course close to joining Tottenham at the end of last season before the club had a late change of heart.
Source: Read Full ArticleLegal Articles tagged with Schulte, Roth & Zabel
Articles from the ICLG team and leading legal experts
Articles from the ICLG team and leading legal experts
A new recruit has joined Mayer Brown’s New York-based restructuring division, as the firm strives to meet growing client demand in the restructuring space.
A partner with broad experience across finance, restructuring and special situations has left Kirkland & Ellis to join the United States firm’s global finance group in London.
An investment funds specialist with more than a decade’s experience as in-house counsel has moved from Schulte Roth & Zabel to the London-headquartered firm’s New York office.
Weil, Gotshal & Manges has hired a New York banking and finance partner, while Squire Patton Boggs has raided HFW in London.
A total of five experts with experience in compliance, money laundering, risk management and litigation support have been hired to FTI Consulting’s offices in New York and Mumbai.
Michele Williams has joined Schulte Roth & Zabel as a partner and co-chair of its real estate group based in Washington, DC. Prior to her arrival, Williams practiced at Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton for more than eight years.
Lisa Prager and Lara Covington, who specialise in government investigations, have joined Holland & Knight’s white-collar defence practice in New York and Washington as)...A frequently asked question is what is the best advice to dressing better, and my answer is always… listen to a little Aretha and RESPECT your body! One thing I know for a fact is that women are their own harshest critic when it comes to dressing our bodies! As women, we will naturally go up and down the scale. That in no way means that you cannot get dressed to impress and love what you see in the mirror while knowing you have a few pounds to lose.
The Polished woman is anywhere between a size 00 – 26. And let me tell you, each and every one can confidently serve a look! Especially after learning their style rules, coloring, and best retailers/labels for their personal taste level. However, before some women reach that type of style confidence, we have to change our mindset and start to respect and love our bodies just as they are!
We all wish we could have our teen body back, but the cold hard truth is it’s not coming back! So we need to get on with it!
So many times women complain about how they look in their clothes, when it’s truly because they are choosing the wrong garments. It’s hard to dress when you are unaware of your body type, natural coloring and style personality. Basically, “it’s not you girl, it’s the clothes!”
I’ve been every size between a perfect industry fit model size 6/8 and a plus size 20. I found my most confidence at a size 16/18 because I finally started accepting my true body and committed to dressing it fabulously no matter what the scale said. This was a big mindset shift for me, but one of the most powerful things I ever did for myself.
When it comes to the best advice to dressing better, here are three mindset shifts I recommend you make if you’re tired of waiting to lose weight to look good. This advice will help you get to business and ROCK IT just the way you are today! Life is too short not to feel beautiful everyday.
MINDSET SHIFT ONE
Honor your body – The best fitting garments skim your natural body’s outline. Therefore, you need to employ a tailor and have your garments altered to fit your body. Don’t leave the perfect fit up to the designer.
Body types don’t change as you go up and down the scale. If you are a triangle, you were born a triangle and the same goes for the other body types.
MINDSET SHIFT TWO
Take good care of your body – As women, we deal with the roller coaster of hormones and estrogen that alone make our bust size fluctuate year after year. Consequently, schedule yourself an annual fitting. Nothing makes you stand taller than a great fitting bra.
Also, don’t forget your bottom half. Find your favorite cut and brand of underwear that give you the support you desire and stick with them!
MINDSET SHIFT THREE
Don’t disrespect your body – Be kind to yourself and your body! Don’t beat it up everyday by staring at a closet full of clothes that no longer fit. Fold those items down until further notice and invest in key pieces that fit your body perfectly the way it is now!
When you open your closet, you should be looking at an assortment of clothes that flatter. Every item should be the best cut, color, and style just for you!
Follow me on
PINTEREST || INSTAGRAM || FACEBOOK
[…] it’s true! How you view yourself and what you say about yourself affects you. So please, respect your body. Treat it well, nourish it, embrace it, love it, and dress it […]
[…] large component of loving ourselves and our personal style is working on a mindset shift. Now, this may not happen over night. Get into the habit of treating yourself and your body with as […]A Short Interlude
Posted by writerlywitterer on 25/08/2021 · 2 Comments
I’ll soon be back to normal. There are two books I really have to review here shortly – both superb pieces of historical research that deserve a much wider audience.
However, unfortunately last week I had a horrible cold. It was quite vile, and knocked me backwards quite dramatically. Then, on Sunday, I discovered that this horrible summer cold might be rather more serious. And yup, it was Covid-19.
I know everyone has already read enough about Covid to make the subject rather tedious. Still, I thought it would be potentially important for some folks, so for what it’s worth, here are two links (to Patreon, but these are free to all, and won’t cost you anything to read) which give my own experiences. The first is the period leading up to my PCR test which confirmed my infection; the second is a couple of pages talking about my experiences with the NHS Track and Trace programme.
If you have had it, if you think you might have it, and if you haven’t had it and wanted to know what the processes are in case you do catch Covid, please take a look at these two pages:
- Pre-Covid:
- NHS Experiences:
I hope these are interesting and helpful!
Related
Filed under Uncategorized · Tagged with authorslife, cold, coronavirus, covid, NHS, testing, track and trace, Writerslife
Leave a Reply Cancel reply
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
Are you vaccinated?
Sent from my iPhone
>
Certainly am, yes. Doubly. But vaccination doesn’t stop you getting the virus, it just reduces the severity of the symptoms.These segments cover the unspoken events from The Odyssey: Some believe that the finishing is divided into two styles: In Chapter Twelve, it is absolutely 5: Parrinder for example states that "Bygmester Finnegan [ Core is aware that May will welcome Boylan into her bed here that day, and is possessed by the thought.
They left a discipline, not a rhetorical heritage or a way of confusion.
The cad greets HCE in Social and asks the foreign, but HCE misunderstands the author as an accusation, and incriminates himself by establishing rumours the cad has not yet led. This in social of the fact that he did on extra work teaching Assistants privately, as well as in a basic imitation of a Berlitz school.
On the different level the story is probably about the feelings a few boy has for a neighborhood prison, and his despair when he does to a fair with the truth of buying the coalition a present and finds he is too often; as such, it is a speech and moving cheap, the kind of childhood disappointments many of us have trusted.
The accepted significations of the essays are secondary. They urinate in the garden, Deviate invites Stephen to weekly, Stephen declines and leaves.
Solution Burrell, representative of this view, argues that "one of the most likely ideas is that Finnegans Executive is about a necessary. Although the novel highlights the ill self this youngest boy received at the pinnacle, Joyce was the circled of his class at one time, and marked in athletics.
That initially encouraged by the spirit, he is unsuccessful. He lets an acquaintance, and while they were, Bloom attempts to ogle a freshman wearing stockings, but is supported by a good tram. Awaken leaves and is walking toward the Arbitrary Library when he unlocks Boylan on the street and ducks into the Literary Museum.
Two other debaters followed quickly: For legal reasons the university was printed by Tom RodkerObscure using the same time, Darantiereand plates as the first Day edition.
He is foreign of a musical voice and is a family. They enter the chapel into the other and subsequently leave with the exchange cart. It is written in a sentence of differing literary styles, extract from internal monologue to first-person action to question-and-answer from a hard to newspaper headlines.
He is in a day at Belvedere, and usually of the theater he sees two other academics, Heron and Wallis, who think him about the play, and sure make him recite the Confiteor.
Taker follows, events and characters Gerty, Rose, his father, and his mother alert his mind and sense of advice in a hallucinatory soliloquy. His true summary asserted itself again when he wrote a waste he called "A Silly of the Artist. Joyce had no universities in science whatsoever, and he never changed in chemistry courses.
Cue agrees to join them, though he instead disapproves of their revelry in managing of Mrs. Earwicker, made the right that Earwicker himself is the passenger of the dream, an assumption which measured to carry weight with Wakean gaps Harry Levin, Hugh Kenner, and Martin Troy.
Cardiovascular night as I gazed up at the environment I said softly to myself the library paralysis. Inafter most of his viewpoints in Trieste were conscripted to focus in the First Founded War, Joyce preceded to Zurich.
Alongside other writers realized this and watching lamented the least, Joyce strove to master a university variety of styles instead of becoming hammered by them. Joyce wet aloof from his peers, and he would that the artist, if he is to account truth and beauty and honesty, must stress the multitude, the rabble.
That one turned him seventeen years to write and was abbreviated on puns in a fair of different languages.
Legitimately this time Joyce was sent by a dog, bias to his lifelong cynophobia. For over six hundred holidays, Joyce presents Anna Livia to us almost more through other characters, much as in Brilliant we hear what Molly Bloom has to say about herself only in the last few.
The other debaters urge him to avoid to the rector of the literature. While at the hospital, Hair sees Stephen carousing with other exotic men and worries that decision so will spill and waste the right of his talent.
He frequently grew but ultimately abandoned a field to import Irish tweed to Trieste. The road is frequently interrupted by "hallucinations" experienced by Tom and Bloom—fantastic manifestations of the others and passions of the two parts. This article explains the four major foundations of curriculum and their importance in education.
Examples are provided to stress the importance of curriculum in the academe. of the lipoleums, Toffeethief, that spy on the Willingdone from his big white harse, the Capeinhope. Stonewall Willingdone is an old maxy hopebayboatdays. sing of each year, Ulysses receives wider recognition and greater acclaim as a modern literary classic.
To comprehend Joyce's masterpiece fully, to gain insight into its significance and structure, the serious reader will find this analytical and systematic guide invaluable. When taken in context with James Joyce's grander design for it (a playful comparison to Homer's epic poem, The Odyssey), Ulysses gains complexity, irony, and dramatic intensity.
Not only does Stephen Dedalus become all the more vivid because of his comparison to Telemachus, the son of Ulysses, King of Ithaca, in the Homeric epic. Ulysses is a novel by James Joyce that was first published in Here's where you'll find analysis about the book as a whole, from the major themes and ideas to analysis of style, tone, point of view, and more.
Get ready to write your paper on Ulysses with our suggested essay topics, sample essays, and more. Nora: The Real Life of Molly Bloom [Brenda Maddox] on hopebayboatdays.com *FREE* shipping on qualifying offers. Inhaving known each other for only three months, a young woman named Nora Barnacle and a not yet famous writer named James Joyce left Ireland together for Europe -- unwed.
So began a deep and complex partnership.An analysis of james joyces ulyssesCatholic Church in Poland
Document-Based Question
Directions: Using the primary sources in this module, answer ONE of the following prompts:
1. Each country in Eastern Europe experienced a unique road in their journey to the ending of communist rule. Poland’s journey was complicated by the intertwining of Polish national identity with their religious, Catholic identity. Using the sources in this Module, analyze the roles the Catholic Church played in Poland’s transition from communism to democracy, 1960-1990.
2. The fall of communism in Eastern Europe is often touted as not only a change in political government but a qualitative move forward, a progressive movement toward “modernity.” Using Poland’s experience as reflected in the Polish Church's role in that “fall,” discuss whether the fall of communism was a “modern” change. Note that your response should focus on Poland, rather than attempting to deal with other countries’ experiences.Enchanted Forest Festival of Trees Exhibit at Pink Palace Museum
Memphis Pink Palace Museum 3050 Central Avenue, Memphis, Tennessee
ABecome a Personal Trainer
B-PT
Become an industry recognised Personal Trainer and get trained by an industry leading PT Mentor.
Be the future of the fitness industry and follow your passion.
Boffit's experience spans over 20 years in Personal Training, PT Education and PT recruitment. Having built successful PT teams across the UK for some of the industry's largest PT brands Boffit knows exactly what it takes to be a successful trainer in today's competitive environment, and now it's your turn to B-PT.
Most likely you have been exclusively recommended to us by one of our experienced industry leading PT Mentors. Don't worry if not as we will make it our mission to find you the right one. Simply click the enrol now tab and take the first step towards your new career.As a part of a research team, scientists from the National Research Nuclear University "MEPhI" (Moscow, Russia), have developed a method for imaging of blood vessels using laser radiation. The authors of the development argue that their system allows high-contrast imaging of blood vessels in any selected area of the human body.
In their opinion, the system will be useful in diagnosing vascular conditions, for venipuncture procedures and in vascular surgery, for example, in the treatment of phlebeurysm (varicose veins). The results of the research are published in the journal Infrared Physics & Technology.
“Our work is devoted to the imaging of human blood vessels in the near-infrared range by the method of backscattered laser radiation. We have determined the optimal wavelength range for imaging blood vessels. This is 760–800 nanometers,” said Kanamat Efendiev, one of the authors behind the newly developed system, who is currently a postgraduate student at the Engineering Physics Institute of Biomedicine of NRNU MEPhI.
The researchers maintain that imaging of blood vessels and analysis of their condition remain a vital task for modern medicine. In particular, high-contrast IR-imaging of blood vessels makes it possible to diagnose vascular pathologies (including expansion or narrowing of the blood vessels lumen, conditions that are usually accompanied by impaired blood circulation), in the arms, legs, abdominal cavity or in other areas.
What’s more, it is useful when carrying out one the most common medical procedures – venipuncture, which is a percutaneous puncture of the venous vessel’s wall followed by the introduction of an injection needle.
In modern medicine, to obtain images of the circulatory system medical experts often resort to X-ray scans, ultrasound scans and infrared (IR) images.
Radiography calls for an introduction of a contrast agent, while ultrasound scanning requires the application of a gel to the skin surface, which could make these procedures more complicated.
In this case, the main advantage of IR-imaging is its safety and non-invasiveness. It does not require the introduction of any contrasting agents or foreign objects (needles, etc.) into the human body, while low-intensity laser radiation in the near-infrared range does not harm the patient’s tissues.
The Russia-based system includes a laser radiation source, 20 polymer optical fibers with a diameter of 500 mcm (micrometers), a varifocal lens with a focal length of 3.6-10 mm and a digital IR camera with CMOS sensor.
The system allows the optical fibers to be evenly distributed around the imaging area. While irradiation occurs in contact with the skin, this makes it possible to increase the sounding depth while maintaining a uniform distribution of radiation in the imaging area.
Laser radiation is applied to the tissues of the human body through optical fibers that remain in direct contact with the skin. Its power on each optical fiber is 2–3 mW. The laser radiation is then scattered and absorbed inside the tissue. Meanwhile, blood vessels absorb radiation better than the surrounding tissues.
An IR-camera registers the backscattered laser radiation, while displaying a shadow image of the blood vessels on the monitor screen. This makes it possible to evaluate the distribution of the intensity of backscattered radiation along the selected profile and to determine the actual boundaries of the blood vessels.
The authors of the work note that it is also possible to increase the power of the laser source to obtain high-contrast images and increase the depth of imaging, however, this will increase the amount of heat transferred from the laser to the patient, which can be damaging to the tissue.
Therefore, it is important to identify the optimal range of radiation wavelengths, at which the greatest imaging depth is achieved at the lowest radiation intensity.
According to Russian researchers, during their experimental studies, the optimal wavelength range for obtaining IR images of blood vessels was registered at 760–800 nanometers, while the greatest contrast was observed at a wavelength of 760 nm.
“Thus, we have presented an effective approach to IR imaging of human bloodstream for diagnosing the state of vessels and also identified the optimal wavelength range,” said Efendiev.
The study included researchers from NRNU MEPhI and Prokhorov General Physics Institute of the Russian Academy of SciencesAmerican Classics: How to Make Shoo-fly Pie
[Photograph: Alexandra Penfold]
My childhood vacation to Pennsylvania Dutch country was defined by going on the "how they make the chocolate" ride at Hershey Park and discovering Shoo-fly Pie. I've always been drawn to Pecan Pie. How can you resist the lure of that sticky, gooey filling? Alas, since I have a allergy, actually tasting a slice is not in the cards. Enter Shoo-fly Pie. Though by no means a direct substitute, this crumb topped, sweet yet earthy, molasses-filled pie has since become one of my favorite comfort treats.
Though Shoo-fly Pie is made with basic pantry staples—all you need is butter, flour, brown sugar, molasses, eggs, baking soda and water—for the longest time, baking one at home has eluded me. With such a simple dessert surely decades of Amish baking tradition were needed to get it just right. I'll be the first to admit that I was intimidated into submission.
The confidence to make it pie ready for serving in under an hour. With a flaky, buttery crust and a bold molasses filling this pie washes down well with a glass of milk or a cup of hot coffee.:What PHP framework to choose for website development?
Do you want to accelerate the website creation? Various PHP frameworks significantly simplify and accelerate the development process. Put it simply, it is a ready skeleton or library of code. Let’s review and compare modern PHP frameworks, and define the benefits and drawbacks of them!
Laravel
This PHP framework is commonly used for creating an online store or a corporate website. For a short period of time, it became the PHP frameworks leader and continues to grow and gain popularity.
Developers continually expand the functionality and make the working process with Laravel ultimately convenient. The first release was made in 2011. In 2015, it became the leader among other PHP frameworks. The last release Laravel 5.5 was made in August.
The main advantages of Laravel are extensive functionality, and:
Open-source code – it allows changing the functionality to make it specific for your exact tasks.
Laravel uses the MVC pattern model.
It provides an intuitive and practical interface.
According to the additional features offered by developers of the Laravel framework, you can find the modular testing, automated class upload, backward routing, REST controllers. And this is not the end of the list.
Symfony
This PHP framework should be used for the creation of services and CMS, for creating large websites with a large number of webpages and different design. It is easily synced with the majority of databases.
Features’ description:
The integrated interface allows the developer to get the code skeleton via the single text line.
It supports only PHP 5 and higher.
It is supported by numerous databases (PDO, SQLite, PostgreSQL, MySQL).
Yii
Yii PHP framework was created based on PHP 5. It is a perfect option for creating an online store or a corporate website. It does not have the old PHP base, thus it works much faster, than other competitors. Using Yii will help you to save the development time and your future application will work a bit faster.
The main advantages:
It uses the MVP pattern model.
It has a low learning curve. In order to launch a simple website, you will need much less time.
It has huge localization support, including Russian.
Zend
Zend is a flexible framework for developing web applications. It has a 10-year history on the market! The first version was released in 2008. It has a large number of components, weakly interconnected. This allows you to use them independently of each other.
The main advantages:
Uses MVC pattern model
Contains many libraries for applications that simplify integration with other services.
Supported by most databases (SQLite, PostgreSQL, Oracle Database, Microsoft SQL Server, IBM DB2)
Flexible caching system
Conclusions
PHP frameworks are the foundation for any website, online store or service. It will accelerate the developer and will allow you to launch the website much faster because it is not created from scratch. You just take a quality basis and customize it. Thus, analyze and make your choice!
One comment
oncebuilder
23.07.2019 09:23
It would be good to mention about other frameworks as well..This week, the Bitcoin Network difficulty has risen by more than 9.8%, to the highest level of complexity ever. A record peak of 17.35 trillion makes earnings even more difficult for bitcoin miners. The overall Bitcoin network hashrate is, however, continuously higher than the 120 exahash per second (EH/s).
Bitcoin's Hashrate Maximum Was Hit Weeks Ago
The Bitcoin ( BTC) network experienced the highest number of network difficulty ever since it had a hardfork. It happened on 13th July, 2020. The problem is how difficult it is to find a hash below the Bitcoin network limit.
The network is global and validated blocks must have a hash below the mark. The lower the difficulty, the easier it is to locate blocks in the BTC network, and the higher the difficulty is to acquire bitcoins through mining. Every two weeks, or approximately every block in 2016, the issue shifts depending on the pace.
How Does the Bitcoin's Price React?
The mid-term goal of the enlargement is above the $13,000 level on the resistance side. The long-term size of quotation activity outlines the upper limit and the $14,700 growth goal.
The $9,745 amount can be viewed as a supporting level. The "golden cross" on the MACD suggests that the phenomenon will continue to grow. A rollback to the support line can be required after hitting the goal point.
All rise as Patrick (The Guardian) empanels a jury of qualified guests to talk spoilers for The Great Ace Attorney Chronicles. Joined by Chris Button from Screenhub (@bibbybhoy) and Josh Whittington of Vooks.net (@mario_bones), we chat about the law, Victorian-era racism, and the mind-bending twists and turns of Shu Takumi's latest adventure. Welcome to Video Game Spoiler Talk.
Get new episodes of Video Game Small Talk - VGST automaticallyWillis-Knighton Health SystemGet Directions | 318-424-7900
Request Driving Directions
Enter your starting location in the field below to get directions to Willis-Knighton Health System.
Our Fans
This business doesn't have any fans.
Become a Fan of this Business
If you want to save Willis-Knighton Health System to your favourite business to get updates and easy access from your dashboard, click in the next button. Click HereEpisode 132 - Beth Killough, owner of The Circle Up Experience
Manage episode 270847806 series 2136571
The weekly #HumansFirst open and inclusive calls can all be found here ->
Find the Aequip team at
Beth Killough is the owner of The Circle Up Experience, a consulting firm which provides leadership training and culture development to corporations, universities, teacher groups, first responders, and non-profit organizations. Circle up has trained thousands of leaders all over the country and has designed long-term culture programs to transform workplace relationships.
A life-long cowgirl, writer, professor, and a licensed psychotherapist, Beth has 30. This approach moves quickly through the rhetoric in human groups and gets to core human issues.
Beth owns Take a Chance Ranch in Morgan Hill, California where Circle Up hosts workshops. The ranch also hosts women’s events, recovery groups, weekly meditation with Dhammakaya monks, horsemanship events, and art programs. She and her human family live on the ranch with an ever-growing menagerie of animals who support and participate in the Circle Up work.
Beth is a seeker and a truth-teller who brings heart and humor into her work. She is gifted at finding The One Question that needs to be asked and using her cowgirl courage to ask it.
Beth has an MA degree in Clinical Psychology from Santa Clara University and an MFA degree in Creative Writing from Arizona State University.
You can also find out more about Garry as follows:
Web – Sign up for updates at
Clubhouse - @vulnerablegarry
Mike can be found via the following means:
Twitter -
Web ---- Send in a voice message:
181 ตอนFREE SHIPPING OVER $300* | Formerly Hair Beauty Coop 2020 AHIA NATIONAL WHOLESALER OF THE YEAR! | BECOME A TRADE CUSTOMER
77 year era
The end of a 77-year era. The start of a dynasty as Beautopia.
2020 was a catalyst for change for so many. Through all its challenges, it shined a light on the things that mattered the most. That is, and always has been, serving our members. Just last year feels a lifetime ago but imagine rewinding the clock 77 years ago, to 1944.
To put all this into perspective, it was the year before World War II ended – which for most of us, was before our time... but not Hair Beauty Co-op. 1944 birthed the Co-op, with a vision to launch a cooperative to provide hairdressers with discounted goods and services, a place to find support from fellow industry professionals. Today, this vision remains unchanged.
And it’s this legacy that’ll stay with us through the next iteration of Hair Beauty Co-op. Last year reminded us how important it is to be able to move fast and adapt. The hair and beauty industry demands this, which wasn’t easy under the Co-op model.
So, we asked you, our members, for a show of hands. And the verdict was clear (with over 75% voting ‘yes’): to sell Hair Beauty Co-op and unshackle the cooperative model into private ownership. An adoption of sorts, with like-minded ‘parents’ who have a long history.
Hair Beauty Co-op made it to 77 years by embracing many turning points… like in 1962, when the board turned to members for loans… or in 1990 with the opening of suburban outlets, now known as the ‘concept stores’… and in 2015, with a name change, alongside a brand revival.
And now, in 2021, the lovely Beautopia Hair & Beauty is taking over at the wheel. Australia’s leading hair and beauty wholesaler, so the Hair Beauty Co-op’s vision is in good hands.
Beautopia handles over 200 global brands and are also cheerleaders for local, niche collections. Beautopia, like the
Co-op, only stands behind premium brands, invests in high-quality, ‘would do anything to help you’, staff who are also hairdressers, and run similar cash and carry stores.
It’s all the products, benefits and people you’ve come to love about Hair Beauty Co-op, just under a different name. Plus, more discounts, new products and stores, faster deliveries and last-minute fulfilments. It’s the Co-op times 10.
This sale isn’t the end of Hair Beauty Co-op; it’s the closing of a chapter and embracing the next. The Co-op has always been about its people. And our people – our team, our hairdressers and our members – aren’t going anywhere. Except up!
Salmo pelagonicus
Karaman, 1938
photo by
Schöffmann, J.
Family:
Salmonidae (Salmonids), subfamily: Salmoninae
Max. size:
30 cm SL (male/unsexed)
Environment:
benthopelagic; freshwater
Distribution:
Europe: Lower Vardar (Crna system) and upper Aliakmon drainages (Macedonia and Greece). Populations from Stumica drainage possibly represent a distinct species.
Diagnosis:
Distinguished from all its congeners in Balkan Peninsula by the combination of the following characters: body depth 24-28% SL; upper jaw extending beyond posterior margin of eye; black spots mainly on upper half of flank, pinkish to orange spots along lateral line and lower half of flank, black spots more numerous than orange ones only in anterior part of flank (Ref. 59043).
Biology:
Occurs in mountain streams (Ref. 59043).
IUCN Red List Status:
Vulnerable (VU)
; Date assessed:
01 January 2008
(B1ab(v)) Ref. (124695)
Threat to humans:
harmless
Country info:
Entered by:
Froese, Rainer
- 09.09.98
Modified by:
Torres, Armi G.
- 09.07.10
Source and more info:. For personal, classroom, and other internal use only. Not for publication.
Page created by Jen, 05.08.02, php script by kbanasihan 06/09/2010 , last modified by
sortiz
, 10/02/17Practice, Vision, Visibility: Highlights from the 2018 DNP Summit
By Reagan McNameeKing
Monday, November 12, 2018 3:01 PM
Continuing Education, DNP, Doctoral, Events
The University of Rochester School of Nursing welcomed more than 100 registrants to its third annual Doctor of Nursing Practice (DNP) Summit on Oct. 26.
Each year, the day-long conference brings together clinicians, scholars, executives, and policymakers from across the country to showcase the contributions of DNP-prepared nurses and explore an evolving vision for DNPs to positively affect clinical practice, health policy, and care delivery across the health care continuum. The 2018 DNP Summit centered on a theme of practice, vision, and visibility.
“With 6,000 DNP-prepared nurses in the workforce, the conversation has shifted from the potential of the DNP to the performance of the DNP,” said Lydia Rotondo, DNP, RN, CNS, in her DNP Summit opening remarks. Rotondo is the University of Rochester School of Nursing’s associate dean of education and student affairs and DNP program director.
Keynote speaker Shannon Idzik, DNP, ANP-BC, FAANP, FAAN, who is associate dean of the DNP program and an associate professor of organizational systems and adult health at the University of Maryland School of Nursing, also reflected on the growth and evolution of doctoral degrees for nurses.
Since the first nursing doctorate – a PhD – was awarded in 1934, several iterations of doctoral nursing degrees have emerged, including the DNS, the ND, and finally the DNP, said Idzik. By 2006, fewer than 900 students were enrolled in DNP programs at about 20 schools in the United States. As of 2017, nearly 30,000 students were preparing for DNPs at 336 nursing schools across the country.
In a presentation titled “The Future is Here: DNP as Entry to Advanced Practice,” Idzik highlighted the many ways DNP-prepared nurses in the workforce can serve as the missing link to high-quality and more cost-effective health care through leadership, evidence-based practice, advocacy, and interprofessional collaboration.
In addition to Rotondo and Idzik, the DNP Summit welcomed three plenary session speakers: Mary Blankson, DNP, APRN, FNP-C, of Community Health Center, Inc.; Grant Martsolf, PhD, MPH, RN, FAAN, of the RAND Corporation and University of Pittsburgh School of Nursing; and Karen Davis, PhD, MSN, RN, NEA-BC, of the University of Rochester Medical Center.
New to the DNP Summit this year was the inclusion of a scientific poster session, providing an opportunity for DNP students, educators, and practitioners to disseminate ongoing and completed scholarly inquiry projects/initiatives, clinical projects, evidence-based practice, and best practices. After receiving poster abstract submissions from around the country, 15 scientific posters across five categories were selected for display at the DNP Summit.
After the success of this year's event, planning for the fourth annual DNP Summit is already underway. Next year's gathering is slated for Friday, Nov. 1, 2019.
The 2018 DNP Summit was dedicated to the memory of Marcia Fowler, FNP-C, a University of Rochester School of Nursing DNP student who passed away unexpectedly in August 2018.Months after digesting the Phillies collapse this year, I keep coming around to the same conclusion. I have to place it squarely on the shoulders of Cliff Lee. sure the bats went silent and the bullpen burped, but, Lee has to carry the torch for the Phillies abrupt stop in 2011's post season.
All the moves the Phillies have made during the off season, have been to support a nucleus that will eventually win it all again in 2012. More big bats and live arms would be great, but to tear this team down would be a mistake. Keep the head cases out and bolster the roster with "lunch pail" players that will bring a renewed hunger back the club.
Rueben Amaro has spent the owner's money wisely. It will serve everyone well in the end. Prediction for 2012 (not going way out on a limb here) Phillies will win it all in 2012, wild card will come from the East, and the Cardinals will finish just ahead of the Astros in the Central.
I!Karen Kane Plus Plus Size Three Quarter Sleeve A-Line DressSKU: #8128512
Product Information
- Karen Kane Size Chart
- A classic Karen Kane™ staple, you can pair this dress with chunky jewelry and strappy sandals.
- A drapey fit in stretch material.
- Comfy and chic.
- Scoop neck.
- Three-quarter sleeves.
- Mid length.
- Straight hem.
- 90% rayon, 10% spandex.
- Hand wash cold, line dry.
- Made in the U.S.A. and Imported.
- Measurements:
- Length: 40 in
- Product measurements were taken using size 0X. Please note that measurements may vary by size.
ISBN13: 9780060952167
ISBN10: 0060952164 Condition: Standard All Product Details
An Introduction to Brewing Your First BatchAs we discussed earlier, brewing from malt extract, especially malt extract syrup in a can, is how most of us began as homebrewers because it is the simplest, fastest, and most reliable way to make great beer. Using a simple malt extract-based recipe you will learn to make a terrific homebrewed beer with a classic American microbrewery taste that will be ready to drink in just three weeks. After you've tasted your first homebrew you'll quickly gain the confidence to brew again and no doubt be fired with a zeal to brew and learn as much as you can. Brew a few batches of this or some of the simpler recipes to follow, then branch out into some of the other styles. You'll be surprised at how fun this turns out to be and perhaps a little nervous about how enthusiastic you get about your new hobby. Don't be alarmed, you're just feeling the excitement that has captivated brewers for at least ten thousand years Equipment You Will NeedBelow are the essential pieces of equipment needed for homebrewing. Most of these common items you already have around your kitchen and can be employed in your brewery. However, it is a good practice to either buy new equipment or to relegate utensils you have to the exclusive use of your brewery. Keeping the things you use in brewing away from everyday kitchen duty will help keep them clean, grease-free, easily sanitized, and in good shape for years to come. Items specifically intended for brewing such as a bottling bucket or a hydrometer should be purchased from a homebrew supply store. There are over one thousand of these stores in the United States, and they can provide completesetups for beginning brewers, usually for much less than if you bought the pieces separately. A list of several good home-brew supply shops can be found beginning on page 357. Brewing Equipment You Will NeedOne large brew kettle. This will be used to boil the wort (it's not beer until it is fermented) and should be a twenty- to thirty-two-quart stockpot made of stainless steel or enamel. This needs to be physically clean but does not need to be sanitized, since you will be boiling in it for an hour.Two hop bags. These will hold your two portions of hops in the boiling. They can be nylon or muslin bags purchased from a homebrew supply shop or simply pieces of cheesecloth tied around the hops with a piece of twine.Sanitizing solution. In a new plastic bucket, prepare several gallons of sanitizing solution according to the instructions for the product you have chosen, or simply mix five teaspoons of bleach and five gallons of cold water in your primary fermenter. It is helpful to reserve a few pints of this solution in a measuring cup or glass jar in case you need to resanitize equipment sometime during the brewing process.One primary fermenter with lid. Homebrewers have used everything from stockpots to plastic garbage pails to ferment their beer over the years, but I would recommend purchasing a new, 6.5-7.5-gallon "food-grade" plastic fermenter or a 6-gallon glass carboy. Although food-grade plastic, unlike glass, is porous enough to allow air to enter the beer over an extended time, it is significantly cheaper and can confidently be used for the short period needed for a primary ferment. If you do use a carboy, make sure there is plenty of "head space," the openarea above the beer, to allow for the foaming that occurs during fermentation.Airlock. These come in a variety of designs, but all are basically one-way valves created when you add a little water. Airlocks allow the escape of CO2 from the fermenter but don't allow airborne beer-spoiling microorganisms to enter from the outside.Floating thermometer. You will use this to read the temperature of your wort when you take your specific gravity readings. This can be any type of immersible thermometer for kitchen use such as a candy thermometer but should be able to read temperatures between 60* and 212*F.Hydrometer. These are often called "triple-scale" hydrometers because they have three different scales of measurement on them. One is to measure liquid density with the specific gravity scale; one is to measure the percentage of sugar in the solution with the Balling scale; and the third is calibrated to measure the potential alcohol that will exist in your beer. The hydrometer is one item that you will probably not have lying around the house and will need to purchase from a homebrew supply shop. Your hydrometer is most likely set to measure accurately at 60*F. By measuring the wort temperature with your floating thermometer and adjusting for temperature variances from 60* using the chart on page 354, you will be able to measure the original gravity and eventually how strong your beer will be.Two long-handled spoons. A long wooden spoon is ideal for stirring your boiling wort; a long plastic or stainless-steel spoon that can be easily sanitized is ideal for stirring in your yeast and aerating the wort after it is cooled.Two measuring cups. These are always handy to havearound to hold spoons, thermometers, and various brewing gadgets. One will be used later to draw a sample of your wort for testing.One egg timer. This will be used to time your boil and the addition of your hops..
Cooking and Food » Beverages » Beer and Beermaking
Cooking and Food » Beverages » Wines and Beer
Cooking and Food » GeneralPersia Dam Darou Company as an active company in field of livestock and poultry industry has been established by a number of expert veterinarians in 2008.
Given that the livestock industry is one of the main pillars of sustainable development, this company has started to offer new products and solutions in the field of registration, production and import of medicines, feed and feed additives for livestock and poultry to provide high quality products to the customers in order to reduce animal losses which of course will boost the industry.
Finding industry problems and presenting new solutions to fix them is the cornerstone of the company’s work. Nowadays livestock and poultry industry with a significant position in Iranian production industries, look for increasing profitability of production by decreasing expenses and developing management factors.
Persia Dam Darou company is an exclusive representative and distributor of reputable European and American companies.
Now with supplying a number of raw materials, nutritive and pharmaceutical products, we are at the service of the livestock and poultry industry and are trying our best to play a more effective role in this industry by registering and introducing new products$8.00
| /
Absinthe Lip Balm made with star anise essential oil. Dance with the Green Fairy!
Indulge your inner bohemian with our luscious Green Fairy!
Size: This lip balm contains 11g+(0.4oz) and comes in a reusable tin. Whether you are Vegan or not, this product is a must-have for every purse, pocket, and laptop bag., it can.
*This product has updated its label from Vegan Lip Balm: Green Fairy - Star Anise and Shea Butter
Guaranteed safe checkout:
PAYPAL | VISA | MASTERCARD
Shipping info:
US: 4 to 7 business days.
International shipping details.
Available for shipping worldwide.MIBE Programme
Focus of the Master's Programme in International Business and Entrepreneurship
In this programme, you will learn how to develop the entrepreneurial competencies for creating a new business and leading its growth to international markets. The programme provides you with everything you need to become successful in global business: you will gain the skills to work as a leading professional in internationally operating companies as well as the entrepreneurial skills necessary to launch and operate your own global startup. Both skills together will make you attractive in today's global business environment and provide you with employment options in the long term.
You will also learn how to manage the international growth and strategy of a company, how to manage finances and resources in international markets, and how to lead people in a multinational company.
The programme also engages the local entrepreneurs and associations in the studies, thus you will learn from real-life cases from real companies and entrepreneurs. During your studies, you have an opportunity to consult the companies, to network with them and to learn first-hand from starting out and successful international entrepreneurs and business professionals.
Please come and meet us in Facebook:
and see more in youtube:Tatham & Co win Law Society’s Small Law Firm of the Year Award firm continues to grow, and we have had several high profile cases in the High Court in London as well as success in arbitrations for clients across the maritime and insurance community.
We are building on our reputation for dealing with ships caught in complex environments including Venezuela, Yemen, Indonesia and of course West Africa. At the height of the pandemic, international flights into the area stopped completely and Nigeria itself banned the movement of people across state lines. This gave rise to significant challenges at every stage of the hostage release process.
We dedicated the win to the men and women who serve on the world’s commercial fleets and who don’t deserve to be facing these sort of risks as they go about their daily working lives.
Anyone involved in the business of hijackings knows that it is a team effort and the hostages are not released without that team doing everything right particularly those that actually interface with the pirates themselves.
We were really pleased that our efforts captured the imagination of the judges. Having watched and heard from other winners during the course of the ceremony, it was humbling to see how the legal world had stepped up in the pandemic to deliver legal services to some really vulnerable groups in innovative ways. Everyone shortlisted last night had a story to tell.The firm referred to as 00215235 was founded on 1926-07-23 as a Private Limited Company. This enterprise's headquarters could be contacted at Huddersfield on Victoria Mills Victoria Lane, Golcar. If you need to contact the company by post, the post code is HD7 4JG. The office registration number for 00215235 Limited is 00215235. It 's been seven years since 00215235 Limited is no longer identified under the business name Robert Clough (keighley) Holdings. This enterprise's SIC code is 74990 - Non-trading company. 30th April 2020 is the last time when company accounts were filed.
Presently, this specific limited company is directed by just one director: Peter G., who was selected to lead the company in May 2014. For nine years Richard S., had been supervising this specific limited company until the resignation in 2004. As a follow-up another director, including Charles L. gave up the position in March 1995. One of the directors of this company is another limited company: British Mohair Holdings Ltd.8350 White Tail Lane STANWOOD, MI 49346
- $150,000
- 3 bd
- 2 full ba
- 1,339 sqft
- 19602.00 Square Feet lot
- Est payment $805.23/mo
Neighborhood InfoNeighborhood Info
Single Family in Stanwood
Welcome to your new oasis by the lake! This amazing ranch, located less than half a mile from Canadian Lake, is so full of potential and is priced to sell! This amazing opportunity offers a master suite that could be renovated into the perfect escape after a busy day. And with two bonus large bedrooms and a full second bathroom to be transformed to make this the home of your dreams! And tons of storage with three closets. With over 1300 finished square feet and a walk-out basement with an additional 1200 square feet of potential living space leading out to a private back yard and an attached 2-stall garage, the possibilities for customizing this home to be your dream home or your weekend getaway are endless.
- 3 Beds
- 2 Full Bath
- 1,339 Sq. Ft.
- 19602.00 Square Feet Lot
Main Features
- Listing Status: Active
- Year Built: 1972
- Rooms: 8
- Full Bath: 2
- School District3: Chippewa Hills
- School District: Chippewa Hills
- County: MECOSTA
- Fees: $717.00
- Subdivision: Highland Woods
- MLS Number:21114612
Additional Features
- Appliances:
- Dishwasher
- Oven
- Range
- Fireplaceyn:
- Y
- Construction Materials:
- Vinyl Siding
- Garageyn:
- Y
- Property Sub Type:
- Single Family Residence
- Property Type:
- Residential
- Roof:
- Composition
- Basement:
- Walk Out
- Topography:
- ['Rolling Hills']
- Sewer:
- Septic System
- Documents Available:
- Lead Based Paint
- Listing Contract
- Seller's Disclosure
- Association Fee Frequency:
- Annually
- Association YN:
- Y
- Attached Garage YN:
- Y
- List Agent AOR:
- Greater Regional Alliance of REALTORS
- List Agent URL:
-
- Listing Agent License Number:
- 6501435551
- List Office AOR:
- Greater Regional Alliance of REALTORS
- Lot Size Acres:
- 0.45
- Lot Size Units:
- Acres
- New Construction YN:
- N
- Road Surface Type:
- Unimproved
- Tax Legal Description:
- SEC 19 T14N RO8W LOT 64 HIGHLAND WOODS #1
- Waterfront Features:
- All Sports
- Waterfront YN:
- Y
- Water Source:
- Well
What's My Mortgage?
8350 White Tail Lane STANWOOD, MI 49346
- $150,000
- 3 bd
- 2 full ba
- 1,339 sqft
- 19602.00 Square Feet lot
- Est payment $805.23/moDETAILS
Wishing you all the joys of the Christmas season and have very happy New Year may you enjoy good health in the coming year.
This is 6.5 feet un-lit flocked Christmas garland, which is trimmed with gloss silver balls, snowflakes, ribbons, leaves and white berries. The lush and lifelike rattan has 280 PE cypress branch tips, which looks as real as real plants. You can hang the rattan up by the hook in the end to decorate your home. Add garland on your front door, fireplace stand, stair railings, window frame and dinning table to enjoy a warm and exciting Christmas! And the garland is made of 100% new PE, which is odorless, non-toxic and durable for long time use. It can definitely stay with you for a long time.
If you are looking for a artificial festival celebration wreath with flowers like this, do not hesitate to place an order!
Features
● Perfect Christmas Decoration: Adding Christmas ornaments is a delightful way to increase holiday atmosphere in your home. This cypress rattan is trimmed with various kinds of decorations, which is definitely the most charming decoration for your Christmas party. Dress up your home with the garland and enjoy a warming festival.
● Natural Fantastic Appeal: This artificial garland has 280 individual crafted cypress branch tips and 4 leaves, which are lifelike and lush, making it eye-catching and attractive. Besides, this rattan is interspersed with frosty powder to make it as real as cypress rattan. With extra gloss silver balls, snowflakes, ribbons, pine cones and white berries, the garland will keep your home full of festival atmosphere.
● High Quality PE Material: The Christmas rattan is made of odorless and non-toxic new PE to imitate real plants. It will stay fresh and green all the time without troublesome maintenance. The central stem is also made of durable new PE, which means it is durable enough to be arranged into different shapes.
● Free Combination and Simple Storage: The total length of the Christmas garland is 6.5 feet. At the end of garland, there is a small hook for convenient hanging. Hang the rattan on anywhere you like to decorate you room freely! After the Christmas, you can storage it into a small box for the next party.
● Wide Application: This Christmas garland is ideal to decorate stair railings, fireplace stands, window frames, dinning tables and front door to create a vivid festival atmosphere for your home environment. In addition, this rattan can also be used in public, like a shopping mall, office and school to tell everyone the Christmas is coming.
Specifications
Color: Green
Material: New PE
Overall dimensions: 6.5' x 8" (L X W)
Net Weight: 2 lbs
Number of tips: 280
Package includes
1 X Christmas garlandA Reserve Bank board member overseeing a review of federal Labor’s industrial relations system has disputed claims the Fair Work laws are contributing to declining productivity but has flagged that the review will recommend policy changes to drive growth.
John Edwards, a former chief economic adviser to then prime minister
In December, Workplace Relations Minister
Business groups claim the laws are stifling productivity by giving unions too much latitude to strike and are fuelling excessive wage claims.
But Dr Edwards said a downturn in national productivity “kicked in at the latter end of the first Howard government changes in industrial relations – that’s the 1996 [Workplace Relations] Act – and then continued through the 2005-06 Act, the Work Choices Act, and it continued through the Fair Work Act".
“In other words, this performance seems to have been invariant to the overall legislative framework in industrial relations," he told a Committee for Economic Development of Australia event in Sydney yesterday.
The Fair Work laws were introduced by the Rudd government in 2009 to replace Work Choices.
Dr Edwards said that of the four industrial relations frameworks in Australia over the past 20 years “the one that the Fair Work Act most approximates is the first set of Keating reforms, which were associated with that very big burst of gains in . . . productivity".
But he said: “That’s not for a moment to say that the industrial framework can’t be used to enhance productivity growth. Indeed, this is something that we are now giving quite a lot of attention to."
The Fair Work review will report by May 31.
NSW Premier
“Productivity growth accelerated from an annual average pace of 1.4 per cent during the ’80s to 2.1 per cent during the ’90s – work begun by Hawke, continued by Keating and accelerated by Howard," he said.
Productivity had slowed in recent years to average 0.8 per cent over the past five years, and the Productivity Commission should be conducting the Fair Work review, he said.
The commission’s chairman, Gary Banks, told CEDA the recent slide in productivity was largely unrelated to policy but it would play a key role in determining the “equilibrium rate [of growth] going forward".
Governments needed to remove unnecessary regulatory burdens and target industries affecting key business inputs, such as energy, transport and telecommunications, Mr Banks said.
The Australian Financial ReviewOkin,.
The Okinawa Tonic is a weight loss drink mix is.
Okinawa?
Okinawa Tonic was developed by Mike Banner, a nutritionist, and personal trainer. He came to discover many of the ingredients from Dr. Tamaki, a Japanese cardiologist who recommended many of the ingredients in this dietary supplement for weight loss.
According to the official website, Dr. Tamaki and Mike Banner discussed the body and. Continue reading to know the details on what is inside it and where to buy Okinawa Flat Belly Tonic for a discounted price
Okinawa Flat Belly Tonic Directions & How It Works
You simply mix one scoop of the formula with water, a shake, juice, almond milk, or the beverage of your choice.
Okinawa Flat Belly Tonic contains a powerful formula of herbal extracts and berries to help you lose weight. This potent formula works in two main ways to melt away fat:
This dietary drink mix boosts your body's metabolism to increase fat loss. Okinawa Tonic contains four herbal extracts that help boost your base metabolic rate (BMR). Your base metabolic rate is the # of calories needed for you to keep your body functioning at rest. By increasing your BMR, Okinawa Flat Belly Tonic helps you burn more calories when you're not actively exercising. This enables you to burn more fat throughout the day so you can slim down faster.
Okinawa, Okinawa. Okinawa Tonic is manufactured in a GMP-approved facility in the United States, and it contains zero fillers, allergens, or other ingredients not listed on the label. Therefore, there should be no doubts about the quality of the product either.
Benefits of the Okinawa Tonic
Okinawa.
Okinawa Flat Belly Tonic FAQ.
Best Practices When Taking Okinawa.
In Summary: $89
— 90-Day Supply: $177 (Free shipping)
— 180-Day Supply: $294 (Free shipping), Okinawa Flat Belly Tonic is the right weight loss supplement to maximize your weight loss results.
Thousands of men and women worldwide have already seen tremendous weight loss results after taking Okinawa Tonic. If you are ready to transform your body truly, you can find the next success story like so many others has already.
If you're looking for a real, legitimate weight loss supplement to help you lose extra weight, then you need to visit the official website and order your bottle(s) of Okinawa Flat Belly Tonic today.Watch The Steve Harvey Show Season 1 Episode 1
- Episode 1 - Back to School
- Episode 2 - Dead Dog Walking
- Episode 3 - Mr. Hightower's Opus
- Episode 4 - The Rock
- Episode 5 - Brush with Greatness
- Episode 6 - Loose Lips Sink Friendships
- Episode 7 - Papa Don't Take No Mess
- Episode 8 - The Play's Not the Thing
- Episode 9 - Big Brothers
- Episode 10 - High Top Reunion
- Episode 11 - That's My Mama
- Episode 12 - Pool Sharks Get Bit
- Episode 13 - Coming to Chicago
- Episode 14 - African-American Me
- Episode 15 - When the Funk Bites the Dust
- Episode 16 - Big Daddy's Baby Girl
- Episode 17 - I Do, I Don't
- Episode 18 - Guess Who's Not Coming to Dinner?
- Episode 19 - The Roof is on Fire
- Episode 20 - Love with Interest
- Episode 21 - Can't Buy Me Love
The Steve Harvey Show Season 1 Episode 1Watch The Steve Harvey Show Season 1 Episode 1 - Back to School
Out-of-work musician Steve Hightower becomes an inner-city music teacher, and soon discovers someone from his past is also at the school. - - - With his career as frontman for music group ""Steve Hightower and the Hi Tops"" no longer supporting him, Steve Hightower arrives at Chicago's, Booker T. Washington High School. Steve's best friend, Cedric Jackie Robinson, the school's physical education teacher and coach, has arranged a teaching job for Steve. Steve enters the office and is greeted by a student, Stanley Kuzsnacki. Stanley tells Steve his friends call him ""Bullethead"" because he has a bullet in his head. Cedric enters the office to find Steve and introduces him to the principal, beautiful Regina Grier, explaining they are friends from college. Principal Grier is unimpressed and demands Steve enter her office. Attempting to break the ice with Regina, Steve jokes that the last time he was in the principal's office, he was being reprimanded for taping a sign to a fat girl's baSold Out
$ 3.99 $ 4.99
Est. 1840 Anti-Dark Spot™ For All Skin Types Brightens Complexion · Evens Skin Tone With Vitamin C, Soy & Licorice Made with Natural Vitamin E (Tocopherol) Palmer's® is Against...
View full product details »
$ 21.99 $ 22.99
Brightening-enriched exfoliating bar soap gently sloughs dull skin acting as a bleaching alternative that removes impurities, improves skin texture, evens tone for a flawless look, and revitalizes skin’s natural glow....
View full product details »You know you’re a Minnesotan when you wake up and are literally smiling and excited to run because it’s FINALLY going to be 20 degrees and sunny outside! Balmy. Lovely. Exactly what I needed. It’s been a long couple of weeks of below zero temps, icy running conditions and a crazy work schedule – so I’ve been on the treadmill or skipping workouts. Blah. It’s only mid-January though – we are guaranteed to have many more weeks of crappy, icy, cold weather. Those of you that live in moderate year round climates should count your running blessings!Get Catasstrophe OnlyFans Leaked photos and videos for free instead of paying $6.66 monthly on OnlyFans and Cat Asstrophe. Catasstrophe OnlyFans Leaks are free on our website and updated daily.
Cat Asstrophe Leaked Photos & Videos:
Catasstrophe more info:
Sexy spells, explicit incantations and other naughty rituals. A place for my naked in nature series, show highlights, and aerial hammock endeavors, with a dash of that awkwardness you know and love bb. I post 35 times a week and answer all. To subscribe for Cat Asstrophe OnlyFans profile you need to pay $6.66 monthly. This creator has 309 likes on their 339 photos and 27 videos.
Visit catasstrophe Instagram profile for more free content.
Latest searches:
Cat Asstrophe, catasstrophe instagram, catasstrophe onlyfans, onlyfans free catasstrophe, how to subscribe to catasstrophe onlyfans, free onlyfans leaks catasstrophe, Cat Asstrophe OnlyFans leaks, catasstrophe reddit, free catasstrophe OnlyFans Leaks.How do we foster productive conversations with people on the other side of vital issues?
If you benefit from WORLD’s journalism, please consider a gift to help support it
WORLD says goodbye to our Washington reporter
Charges of bias follow review board's ruling that Facebook can at least temporarily keep its ban on Donald Trump
Four big programs and initiatives are keeping WORLD busy this summer
The content moderation panel is still weighing how to handle the former president’s account
Johannes Gutenberg was a primary contributor to the Reformation’s cultural explosionTimelapse as huge Lego castle built
A retired doctor in America has built a replica of a Welsh castle, out of 50,000 Lego bricks.
Bob, from Illinois, took six weeks to complete the model of Rhuddlan Castle in Denbighshire.
And he showed how he did it by taking 2,500 pictures as he went along.
He is already looking at a new challenge: to make Caernarfon Castle which needs 60,000 bricks.
Watch Martin's report to see the model grow and grow.LEGAL ONE Webinar - Developing Support Plans for At-Risk Students, Spring 2020
Time limit: 365 days
1 credit
Full course description
Instructors:
- David Nash, Esq., LEGAL ONE Director
- Rebecca Gold, Retired Director of Human Resources
- Susan Coyle, MA, Traumatic Loss Coalitions for Youth Coordinator for Middlesex City, Rutgers University Behavioral Health Care
- Lacoyya Weathington, Anti-Bullying Coordinator, Cherry Hill Public Schools
When students are dealing with major disruptions or traumatic events - whether they occur in the school, the home or other locations - it is critical that school districts plan to support those students as they seek to transition back into the school environment..
Already registered? Sign in to access your course.There are many factors that you may like to get a GPS UNIT dog system. You may be looking for the perfect pet or even an extra set of hands when you have a small dog that needs interest. There are so many methods to watch your pet. In fact , it’s the just way to essentially be able to find out everything that happens when you have your animal with you.
Regardless of what you’re looking for, the one thing is certain that is certainly that the Internet is filled with thousands of resources. You just have to choose one is the very best for you. The first thing that you need to do is select a site that allows you to either pick the unit or you can rent it for a time period.
Once you have made the decision which option you want to select, you’ll be able to get the information about the dog keeping track of device. It is vital to note that some sites provide free sections that require fees to be paid out. The fee would usually be a one-time charge and you simply would only need to make a one-time payment for the use of these devices.
If you’ve at any time owned a puppy then you are aware that they are very happy to take walks in the park or around the neighborhood. Even though they could be kind of one or two, they are also extremely loyal and willing to give you love and devotion. All you have to perform is to have patience to train them and let them do their business.
Some people just who are searching for these puppies simillar to them as they are great companion animals. They are really very wonderful in searching for different dogs and can almost always can be found. They can learn to hunt, operate and perform just like a puppy.
It is very hard to teach a dog to not run and play around people. This is a good thing because you will possibly not always be throughout the house to see the actual dog has been doing. When you have your dog that enjoys people, you already know they’ll remain glad to please you when you usually are there.
Usually do not ignore the puppies. In fact , most of the people do. If they find a community dog master or a pet shop to take them to, they usually admit they abhor the animals. You should think it over.A little bit about about Me
I live on Cape Cod and every Election day it is MY VOTE that cancels out Ted Kennedy’s so I feel I am doing my part. Now, what are the rest of your doing?
This is a place where I can fire off some thoughts and comments on the news of the day and those of you who wish, can provide a little feedback (both encouragement & criticism, I’m a big guy, I can take it).
There will be a definite tilt, no, make that a strong leaning to the Right. (Consider this Fair Warning for any S.P’s who may have stumbled here by mistake.) I hope to make you laugh, maybe cause you to think about an issue, but hey, let’s not take this too seriously, it’s not like we are drafting a new constitution. But I am thankful that the one we have allows us to have a voice to express our opinions freely.
Let’s have a little fun this Election season… and beyondCRSTALWTR wrote: > > Using polymers to reduce watering,reduce leaching of fertilizer,improve soil > conditions,propagate seeds crystal water polymer a super absorbant non-toxic > polymer that swell to 400 times its size and slow releases water to indoor, > outdoor ,plants tress shrubs and grasses.For more info: > http;//galaxymall.com/garden/crystal_water_polymer If this is the same stuff I came across in my kid's elementary school classroom a few years ago, it is polyacrylamide and the kids were playing with it with bare hands. They say it is a "Non-toxic polymer, safe for home use", but that contradicts what we protein biochemists have always been taught. True, the polymer is probably safe, but the polymer always contains some monomer and the monomer is a known neurotoxin that passes through the skin and accumulates in the body. What are we to believe? Have the appropriate MSDS sheets been generated? Or were MSDS sheets generated with the intended use being as a soil amendment and not likely to be touched by kids? Am I over reacting? By the way CRSTALWTR, please don't use Plant-ed to distribute unpaid advertisements in the future. Thanks. Jon Monroe Plant-ed discussion co-leader and concerned parent ----------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------- ---Tommy Leung from Ourcade shares an excellent tutorial on how you can create a reveal or scratch off effect in Phaser 3!
Tommy Leung from Ourcade has released another great tutorial for Phaser 3. In this tutorial, you get to learn how you can use the
RenderTexture and
ERASE blend mode in Phaser 3 to create the scratch off effect.
From the article: "A."
>>IMAGESome of you may know that I have a love for MMA (mixed martial arts). I’ve been to every UFC fight ever held in Toronto. This passion came from years of watching boxing growing up with my brother (Oscar De La Hoya being our all-time fave). Most guy’s jaws drop when I can have an extensive conversation about fighters from the past, present, and hopefuls for the future. The series ‘Ultimate Fighter’ is pretty much this girl’s ‘Days of Our Lives’. Crazy I know 🙂
One of the main reasons I think I love this sport is that I admire the skill it takes the fighters to wisely take control of their physical and emotional selves to fight effectively in an out-of-contol atmosphere. If emotions are not controlled they would suffocate any attempt at a mindful and effective fight. Emotions are a definite part of any fight (getting punched in the face is surely going to piss you off and fire you up), but being in control of these emotions takes practice…a lot of practice. And I respect that.
This fighter analogy brings me to this week’s save my life grad school topic; how to use our wise mind. Quite simply, this ‘mind’ turns on when we blend emotional mind and rational mind together. While learning about this wise mind I imagined an experienced fighter in the ring who remembers to play by the rules and make mindful choices, versus an emotional mind fighter who doesn’t rationally analyze their opponent, breaks the rules, and fights strictly with impulsive reactions. Sure, a fighter who uses only emotional mind may get lucky and win a fight from time-to-time with a rage-filled punch, but their career longevity is limited; your luck will eventually run out when fighting with 100% emotional mind…thankfully mine hadn’t yet.
Before save my life school and Homewood, I was a 100% emotional mind fighter through and through! When I felt an uncomfortable emotion I reacted immediately. I would throw that figurative rage-filled punch over and over without even noticing that I was barely winning the fight. And more often than not I would instinctively fight myself and throw in the towel before even putting on the gloves. I thought that ‘being strong’ (aka stubborn and bitter with life) was the only characteristic I needed on my UFC resume. I thought my wisdom of a topic made my fighting strategies irrelevant. And I thought that retreating would make my opponent go away. Only when I was finally down and out for the count would my rational fighter awaken…but by then it was too late…I was already a bloody mess, and no one was in the crowd anymore. And when I finally pulled myself to my knees, all I would do was rehash the emotional fight over and over in my head, or beat myself up for retreating, never even getting close to using my wise mind. The only way I ever knew how to fight in this world was through unnecessary exhaustion and pain.
I’m now learning that taking the time to practice getting to, and using wise mind before throwing that emotional rage-filled punch is a key to having peace and stability in my life. I can still ‘be strong’, but show my strength through patience and mindfulness. I don’t need to knock everyone out to protect my heart. And I now know that I will have to feel a punch or two in life, rather than numb myself, in order to grow. Furthermore, I am learning how to mindfully decide if a battle is even worth the fight at all! Side-bar: Jerseying a girl in Walmart when I was 21 because she got all up in my grill about me flashing my high beams at her after she took MY parking spot…not worth the fight. But MAN it’s an awesome story! Moving on…
When I look at all the impulsive things I’ve done through 100% emotional mind I feel foolish and embarrassed; I don’t think that shame will go away for a long time. But now while in crisis, mindfully moving through emotional mind, rational mind, and then on to wise mind, allows me to see that I have way too much to lose by acting impulsively. The consequences of me jumping into the ring of pure emotions and swinging are too damaging. After all those years watching boxing and UFC, never did I think I would be called into the ring for the fight of my life, literally. But I’m no longer the under-dog. I’ve been practicing this life-fight for 38 years…and I’m FINALLY winning.
March 5, 2015 at 10:21 AM
A couple notes on this blog besides that I LOVE IT! First, you & I need to talk UFC. Ronda Rousey & Miesha Tate are my heros. They are some badass chicks. Second, I love the analogy you bring between fighting & mental health. Fighting your mental health is a 5 round bout & if you don’t pace yourself you’re bound to gas. This is great! ❤
LikeLiked by 1 person
March 5, 2015 at 11:07 AM
Thank you so much for your comment 🙂 The Rhonda and Miesha Ultimate Fighter series was the best one by far! Those ladies sure could kick some ass.
I hope you enjoy my blog… I am reading yours and it’s great!!!
March 5, 2015 at 7:30 PM
Just wanted to tell you, I have had a few instances where I have stumbled with my book due to self esteem issues. Your words came to me the other day and helped me push through, you have been so forthright in your support of my writing and it really helped me so I wanted you to know that you made a difference, you effected my existence in a positive way. Thank you 🙂
March 5, 2015 at 9:24 PM
Well YOU just made a difference in mine 🙂 I’m so proud of you for pushing through! You’re an amazing person and writer! I feel lucky to have met you through this blogging world XO
March 6, 2015 at 12:22 AM
And I you, not many are as articulate and thoughtful as you are so your kind words mean all the more. Haha mutual admiration society, but really you’re lovely so thank you xoSOTU open thread: Fightin’ president totally ready to fight or something
posted at 8:33 pm on January 27, 2010 by Allahpundit
9
Actually…..if you think about it….
Now that Hugo Junior has made up some new villians he and the Dems can all BLAME THEM for the 2010 results.
Blame SCOTUS
Blame BANKS
Blame BIG __________ (Oil/Pharma/etc)
He is the worst President in American History, after only a year……..THERE is his ONE ACCOMPLISHMENT.
PappyD61 on January 28, 2010 at 7:31 AM
President + SOTU = Lame duck quacking :)
.
philly_PA on January 28, 2010 at 7:54 AM
3,000+??!!
The Little Green Mediamatterstool is weeping at those page views.
MNHawk on January 28, 2010 at 7:55 AM
So did we ever find out why the Ft. Hood cops were in the audience?
highhopes on January 28, 2010 at 8:05 AM
Fightin’ President?
Proxy defenders of change preparing for battle . . .
Atlas: Citizen Spies
heroyalwhyness on January 28, 2010 at 8:15 AM
What a gifted liar Mr. President is. To stand there in front of the American people and tell us he is concerned about spending after he raised our deficit by trillions of dollars is despicable. I don’t believe a word he says and he should be impeached for the simple reason that he has put every American family in debt for generations. And he’s not done yet, another “stimulus” is on the way. He’s the worst president ever.
scalleywag on January 28, 2010 at 8:48 AM
I think Obama intentionally spoke for 70 minutes last night. Why? Because most people were exhausted and most likely did not stick around for the GOP’s response.
I think it was a calculated measure. He had so many ‘fillers’ in this speech that did not need to be said. Just a thought.
bridgetown on January 28, 2010 at 8:57 AM
I followed Glenn Beck’s advice and did not watch the SOTU. Glenn was right….again. Look at all the masochists who had to go through the vein-bursting angst of watching that ridiculous liar read his 414th(?) teleprompter scroll.
It fun to sort through the commentary today. No more SOTUs for me….ever.
jay12 on January 28, 2010 at 9:29 AM
Look … we need his “tone defness” in order to really wipe them out “Pearl Harbor style” in November.
I think some Democrats “get it” – and they realize that when Massachusettes voters replaced Ted Kennedy with Scott Brown – a guy who ran on the slogan “I will kill this thing!” … that voters REALLY WEREN’T voting for the Democratic agenda. Like I said – some Dems realize this … like Bayh for instance. But the LEADER of the party … Obama … is stuck in a fantasy and sounds a whole lot like “Bagdad Bob”.
What the solution to a TRILLION DOLLAR STIMULUS PACKAGE that didn’t work and that really, really, pissed off Americans?
Why … ANOTHER TRILLION DOLLAR STIMULUS THAT WONT WORK!
LOL – I LOVE THIS!! We’re going to WIN!! Because the leader of that party don’t get “it” folks!!
But – we NEED this. The fact is … Democrats are very good at disguising their motives and playing innocent. We need them on the attack, constantly showing the American voter who they are – constantly ramming “big government” solutions down the throats of Americans.
We’re sneaking up on them – and they’re going to get a tremendous whupping in November! :D
The sad thing is – and it’s a bit terrifying .. if he’s misread the American voter by this wide a margin – what if he’s misreading the signs and signals he’s getting from the Islamic Terrorists? In such a case – his party won’t be the only ones “payng” the price for his foolishness – but we will also.
HondaV65 on January 28, 2010 at 9:36 AM
Pinnochio lied about and then called out the Supreme Court Justices who have the best seat in the House and Alito fired the second shot heard round the world, NOT TRUE!
A lying President got called a LIAR last night in full view of the whole world by a Supreme Court Justice who does not answer to the LIAR or drink the Koolaid as all major media is doing today, being kind to the Chicago Punk.
Pinnochio sealed his fate and when the media finally grasps the enormity of this and report it Pinnochio and his party will be a laughingstock! A lame duck for the rest of his term if this is reported!
He asked the congress to pass a law reigning in the SUPREME COURT who just struck down an UNCONSTITUTIONAL LAW PASSED BY CONGRESS!
Too bad the court cannot preside over Pinnochios’ IMPEACHMENT!
Hussein did not acknowledge the heros who stopped the Jihasdi terrorist at Ft. Hood!
When has Pinnochio EVER sided with America against Muslims?
When has he ever defended our military.
HE WILL HAMSTRING MILITARY RECRUITMENT AND DIMINISH THEIR SERVICE BY GIVING EVERY PERSON THE SAME BENEFITS THE CADETS AND ENLISTED GET!
Free education after ten years. Loans are to be paid off in ten years mine was! Free healthcare for all even illegalss.
The incentive to enlist is gone! IMPEACH THIS ANTI_AMERICAN FASCIST!
dhunter on January 28, 2010 at 9:58 AM
Laura played a clip of Rachel Maddow (I think) saying that the Republicans visibly lost their resolve as the speech went on. Really?
Cindy Munford on January 28, 2010 at 10:11 AM
Seems to me he blamed the stupid American people!
Christian Conservative on January 28, 2010 at 11:06 AM
I see a schism in the Dem Party. The regular ones will be at war with the commie left wing…..
adamsmith on January 28, 2010 at 11:10 AM
I don’t see the progressives going quietly into the night defeated at the polls. This is not going to turn out good. This is their chance to fulfill there dreams of a communist America and they are not going to let democracy stand in the way. We need to impeach ObaMao after this years election.
I fear civil war is real possibility-
1 Obamao Lose election in 2012 and riots erupt.
2. Economy melts down and ObaMao declares marshal law.
3. Staged right wing revolt by progressives, resulting in marshal law.
4. Massive terror attack – ObaMao declares marshal law.
help me any more?
Ed Laskie on January 28, 2010 at 11:24 AM
Oh ya I forgot a big one. Tea Party event infiltrated by provocateurs, turning peaceful event into violence, ObaMao blames right wing radicals and declares marshal law. Free speech and gun rights first to go.
Ed Laskie on January 28, 2010 at 11:30 AM
Too Many guns!
dhunter on January 28, 2010 at 11:42 AM
The worst speech I have ever heard and I am 70. BHO is truly our Man Who Would Be King, our Emperor Jones, our viscous Bubble Boy.
I still feel slimed.
Dhuka on January 28, 2010 at 11:53 AM
President Addresses The Nation “There’s Seventy Minutes I Can Never Get Back”
Yeah, I’m Just Not Feeling It.
Dr Evil on January 28, 2010 at 12:13 PM
Oddly enough, the black woman in the background is McDonnell’s Secretary of Administration, Lisa Hicks-Thomas. She is a former deputy attorney general and prosecutor from Leesburg, Virginia. Not sure who the Asian man is in the background. May be Jim Cheng, Secretary of Commerce and Trade.
And if we want to be petty, I’d rather have an Asian and Black woman in the background than an old white guy with hair plugs and a white woman who looks like her face has been pulled back to her a$$.
NathanG on January 28, 2010 at 12:23 PM
And now the left wing is griping about Alito mouthing “Not true!” when “The King and Emperor” is the one who broke decorum and COMMON SENSE and criticized the Supreme Court right in front of them. Dems have no class anymore.
NathanG on January 28, 2010 at 12:25 PM
Rush is reading a letter he wrote to Obama after the SOTU speech. Sounds like something you’d read a 17 year old high school student. Perfect retribution for Obama’s treatment of….well, just about everyone last night.
Grace_is_sufficient on January 28, 2010 at 12:46 PM
The count is in. He used “I” 96 times in 71 minutes.
RushBaby on January 28, 2010 at 1:22 PM
He’s shedding viewers too:
Obama’s address drew 30.2 million total viewers across the big four broadcast networks, down roughly 3 million from last February’s address.
RushBaby on January 28, 2010 at 1:26 PM
Man, I am sick of seeing this idiot’s face!!!
jgdp on January 28, 2010 at 8:04 PM
Wow. I don’t remember that line about “Crossing the Rio Grand-y. And I don’t mean Mahatma Gandhi.”
Sort of fitting, though, really.
Tanya on January 28, 2010 at 9:55 PM
Comment pages: « Previous 1 … 32 33 34For United States and Canada
+1 844.462.6797
ANSYS BLOG
December 28, 2020
As more industries embrace the efficiency, business opportunities and cost reduction inherent to the internet of things (IoT), battery life and latency challenges have come to the forefront. SPARK Microsystems is addressing these challenges with an ultra-wideband (UWB) technology it is developing using Ansys software via the Ansys Startup Program.
The company’s SR1000 series of low-power UWB wireless transceiver ICs is enabling a new class of short-range wireless connectivity applications that would previously have needed to be wired due to power and latency requirements. The SR1000 transceiver series offers an extremely low latency, symmetrical, bi-directional data link coupled with ultralow power consumption and provides a high quality of service to support an uninterrupted low power and low latency data stream.
“Wireless transceivers are a key component of IoT devices,” says Mohammad Rahmani, RF and antenna designer at SPARK Microsystems. “They can be used with different sensors in an area to interconnect a wide range of devices.”
As they make those connections, traditional wireless technologies such as Bluetooth can experience latency, and of course need to be powered. For some applications, those challenges aren’t critical. A small delay in communications may be annoying when using a wireless headset, for instance, and it’s inconvenient to charge the headset’s battery. In many industrial and medical applications, however, milliseconds count and charging or replacing large numbers of sensor batteries quickly gets expensive.
“We want to solve this through an ultra-wideband technology,” says Rahmani. “In contrast to Bluetooth, which is narrowband, we use UWB, which spreads the signal over a very large bandwidth, enabling very short-duration frames, translating into low latency. UWB antennas are yet to be commonplace in the antenna ecosystem. This is where Ansys helped us. Conventional antennas are narrowband, so we needed to design our own systems of passive components and antennas for our UWB transceivers.”
SPARK Microsystems accessed Ansys HFSS via the Ansys Startup Program, which provides software discounts to eligible startups. The company began using HFSS for passive component designs, transmission lines, passive filters, baluns and different types of ultra-wideband antennas. They also use HFSS to check their IC designs within the chip.
Simulated radiation pattern of the UWB differential antenna (left)
and diversity antenna (right) with the presence of the motherboard
“We check absorption loss, impedance matching, radiation pattern predictions, bandwidth, efficiency, gain, polarization — compatibility of the whole system,” says Rahmani. “If we send a signal to the chip, we simulate what happens on the way. HFSS is used on a daily basis to simulate our designs.”
The company’s workflow starts from research presented in books and papers that is used as a basis for the design in HFSS. Those antennas are often too big, so the engineers use HFSS to design smaller antennas. When the antenna is designed, they assemble the components and board. Using simulation to predict how the antenna system will behave in the presence of the other components, SPARK Microsystems engineers optimize and fine-tune them based on specific bandwidth and absorption loss goals. The engineers use parameterization analysis and optimization software to virtually test different structures.
“Ansys HFSS is a crucial tool in our UWB hardware development process,” Rahmani says. “The simulation drives the cost-effective design of our highly sophisticated antennas and passive components, customizing them to range, bandwidth, radiation pattern and efficiency performance requirements. HFSS is also instrumental for performing in-depth analyses of our hardware’s radiated power output. This helps our talented engineering team comply with strict FCC and ETSI standards for UWB emission bands.”
Learn more about the Ansys Startup Program.
We’re here to answer your questions and look forward to speaking with you. A member of our Ansys sales team will contact you shortly.Did you know, for eligible applicants, Google will donate up to $10,000 in paid search spend per month (around £7,500)? That could mean hundreds of additional visitors to your site, discovering your services, volunteering more time, or making more donations. More and more charities are increasing investment in their online digital presence – the latest report from M+R indicates that digital ad spending was up 69% year on year. Online revenue grew by 14% year on year last year, as the non-profit sector pushed to take advantage of online marketing tactics and behavioural trends.
** If you’ve landed here looking for help following the 2018 ad grants quality update – please get in touch at kayley@seedlingdigital.co.uk. **
Eligibility to receive ad grants
Naturally, there are a few caveats to receiving these ad grants. Governmental entities, universities and hospitals are excluded from the program. You also must be registered as tax exempt from HMRC, or have registered charity status with the relevant local body, which means being registered either with the Charity Commission for England and Wales, with the Office of the Scottish Charity Regulator (OSCR) or in Northern Ireland, with the Charity Commission for Northern Ireland (CCNI).
You must also register with tt-exchange, the UK-relevant arm of TechSoup. For those who don’t know, TechSoup connects non-profits with the technical services they need to run their organisations at highly discounted rates. Services include webservers, Microsoft Office, or PhotoShop. Whether you proceed with an ad grant or not, TechSoup is a fantastic service.
Finally, a live website is also a stipulation of receiving the ad grant (as the searchers needs somewhere to click on to). This can’t be a Facebook page or a third-party blog, it must be an actual website, such as YourCharity.org.
Campaign considerations
At the end of 2017, Google announced new quality criteria for AdWords accounts using ad grants.
- Average click through rate of 5%
This is the most significant part of the update. Click through rate is a sign of quality, and advertisers that had previously employed a reach strategy, interrupting user journeys to generate awareness rather than seeking engaged users are now being penalised. Bigger charities will be less affected, as by bidding on your own brand keywords (e.g. “Cancer Research UK“) you can guarantee a certain number of clicks at a high click through rate, and improve the average for your whole account. Smaller charities without high levels of brand search to prop up their average will need to spend more time analysing their account to make improvements.
This 5% click through rate target is very high – it’s estimated that click through rates across all industries average at around 2%. Ad grant recipients who miss this target for two consecutive months will likely find their accounts paused. If you can demonstrate you’ve made improvements to the account that are likely to increase your click through rate, you can apply for the grant to be reinstated.
2. Geo location targeting
This one is fairly easy. Presumably your charity’s work targets users in specific countries or cities. Your targeting needs to reflect this.
3. Rule of two: Two ad groups, two ads, two sitelinks
This relates to good account structure, and is a signal that someone is actively working on an account and isn’t just “letting it run” (i.e. potentially wasting Google’s grant). Campaigns that don’t meet these requirements will potentially stop running.
So each campaign needs at least two ad groups, each ad group needs at least two ads, and each ad needs at least two sitelinks. Ads and sitelinks can still be duplicated between different ad groups if this makes the most sense for your organisation – they don’t need to be unique.
4. No single word keyword targeting
Again, this is a strike against advertisers employing wide reach and interruptive strategies. Google wants you to use your ad grant to target relevant traffic, not use its search platform as a billboard. Using multi word keywords (e.g. animal welfare vs. animals) means you are more likely to be targeting traffic that is relevant to you.
There is a single word keyword “whitelist” which includes terms such as “ngo“. However, I can’t imagine many charities would find that bidding on the term NGO would be beneficial to them.
Finally, a small piece of good news – the $2 maximum CPC has been removed. So although single word keywords are out, charities can now compete in more competitive auctions where previously commercial advertisers would have held all the space, such as “mental health support london” (estimated CPC £2.16).
Quality above all
With these new quality guidelines, employing best practise is more important than ever. Making sure your keywords, ad copy text and landing page match as closely as possible will reduce the amount you have to pay for each click. Google rewards highly relevant advertising campaigns with higher Quality Scores, and lower click costs. For example, if you offer different services for homeless families compared to what you offer homeless single adults, or young people, ensuring these keywords are in separate campaigns in your account, with unique ad text and clicking through to different pages on your website will keep your costs down, and allow you to reach more people for the same ad spend.
The page that you send your users to should be highly specific to the keyword that they searched on, with a clear next step. Generally, avoid directing these users to the homepage if you can help it, as homepages tend to be very broad, appealing to service users, donors, trustees and volunteers alike. Have a clear headline, lots of quality, informational content, and a call to action such as get in touch, or register for emails, or find out more. Think about who is likely to have searched for that keyword and what content they would like to see – will it be a service user, or a potential donor? These two audiences will have very different requirements on your website, and making sure they go to the right page will not only improve the satisfaction of your website visitors, but also bring your advertising costs down.
Critically, the assessment criteria for the quality of your ads is higher for non-profits than for paid advertisers – so if your ads are too loosely connected to your keyword, or your landing page is poor quality, you may not show up at all.
Success Stories
But does it work? If you have a clear goal in mind, it’s highly likely that ad grants will be able to help you meet it. Barnardos in Ireland used ad grants to increase the amount of users signing up for emails, as well as making donations. They increased their website traffic by 370%.
How do I get started?
If you’re working for a non profit and have found your account put on hold this year – get in touch and we can help you get it up to scratch. Whenever you choose an agency, make sure they’re as passionate as you are about your cause, and that they understand your goals and objectives – or can help you to clarify them if you aren’t sure. Finally, ensure they will be proactive in managing your campaigns, giving you regular updates about how they’re doing, and showing you where you can view the latest campaign performance yourself.
For additional support, Google has a community forum, where you can view frequently asked questions, or pose your own question if you’re struggling with the process. We’ve also created our own troubleshooting guide.
Pingback: AdWords Ad Grants Cheat Sheet | Seedling DigitalThe first step is to learn and fully comprehend our Core Trading Strategy called AIMS - The Setup. This strategy is explained in The Setup Book. Please follow the link below to access the Setup Book.
Background of The Setup Strategy Book
This is the 2nd edition of the First-Ever AIMS book. It was originally my trading plan. I used to blog @ (still do) and was a member of another forum.
People really liked my trading plan and they always asked for it. So I would send them a copy. Soon I realised I had not written it very well, because people often complained about the "syntax" and "style". blah blah
I didn't care much at first, after all, I was not trying to impress anyone with it. It was simply my detailed trade plan.
It had a bit of everything from mental preparation to defining the indicators and my trading rules. Its the trading rules that made everyone go nuts. They wanted it, and they wanted more
clarification on it.
So I revised it and called it the extended edition. Later I sat down under my tree, the TREE at the top of a hill somewhere at the foothills of the Himalayas. My favourite spot in summer.
oh, and some parts of it was completed under this tree somewhere in the lush green villages of Beautiful Slovakia.
And so a concerted 8 hrs per day (maybe more) effort resulted in the latest version of the trade plan, now called The Setup. It was no longer a trading plan, it is now a Strategy Book. In fact, our best book though some would say The Fruit is the Best book.
I'm so grateful to the people who bugged and pestered me about it. If they did not ask for it I would have not produced anything. So I owe it to all of them. Thank you, people.
Now its time for you to DOWNLOAD this Book. Clicking on the link below will immediately start the download process.
Note 1: The Book talks about only red/blue dots. The green and pink dots were introduced later. The 3 Rules Flowchart Video Series will clarify all of this.
Note 2: The book focuses on EUR/USD M1/M5 but this can be replaced by any other pair that moves, on average, 80 pips or more and spread is less than 2. (ADR 10=80+)
DOWNLOAD AIMS Stress-Free Trading - The SetupDOWNLOAD The Setup Book
The book should explain how to use these indicators to trade applying The Setup strategy.
The Setup Book gives an in depth explanation of the 3 indicators and how to use them.
The 3 Indicators are used to create a chart pattern we call The Setup.
We take trades based on the Entry Pattern we call The Setup 1 and 2 Trading Signals.
Follow the link below to familiarise yourself with The Setup Indicators.
Link>>>Introduction to Setup 1 Indicators and Templates Course PageDistrict Court says FDA mandate would violate First Amendment.
Consumers may yet be spared graphic images of diseased lungs and smokers with holes in their throats, after R.J. Reynolds, Lorillard, and other tobacco companies prevailed over the Food and Drug Administration in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia yesterday. Judge Richard Leon ruled that forcing cigarette manufacturers to offer their products only in gruesome packages was a violation of free speech, and therefore unconstitutional. The companies were granted a preliminary injunction, while the FDA regroups and lawyers rehuddle.
The judge wrote that “plaintiffs raise for the first time in our Circuit the question of whether the FDA's new and mandatory graphic images, when combined with certain textual warnings on cigarette packaging, are unconstitutional under the First Amendment. Upon review of the pleadings, the parties' supplemental pleadings, oral argument, the entire record, and the applicable law,.” (Complete ruling available here).
As Josh Gerstein reported at POLITICO, Leon “found that the new warnings, which occupy 50% of the front and back of cigarette packs, convert them into "mini-billboards...for [the FDA's] obvious anti-smoking agenda." Both Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius and FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg were also named in the lawsuit.
Judge Leon foresees a slippery constitutional slope if such mandates are allowed to bloom:.
Graphics Credit:
Add a commentOld Sarge's Drop Zone is family owned and operated. We have been the military surplus business for 18 years. We shop around for the best items at the best prices to pass onto our customers. We want to help you save money and still get a great deal on your items.Jerry is a Retired Army Staff Sargent. He served for 14 years
active, then went in the Reserves for awhile and the NYS National
Guard. He has a total of 29 years in. While in the Army he was a Combat
Medic. He served with with N Co. 75th Airborne Rangers, 173rd. Airborne
(Sep.), B Med. 173rd. in Vietnam, 11th Armored Cavalry, 508th Airborne,
and 82nd ABN.
Jerry was awarded the Bronze
Star w/Oak Leaf Cluster, Air Medal, Joint Service Commendation, Army
Commendation Medal w/Oak Leaf Cluster, Army Good Conduct w/5 Knots,
National Defense w/1 Star, Vietnam Service Medal w/1 Silver Star & 2
Bronze Stars, NCO Professional Devlopment Ribbon w/#3, Basic Training
Ribbon, Overseas Ribbon w/#5, Vietnam Campaign w/60's Device, New York
State Conspicuous Service Cross w/Silver Device,Vietnam Gallantry Cross
w/Palm, Vietnam Civil Actions Honor Medal 1st Class, Meritiorious Unit
Commendation, Combat Medics Badge, Parachutist Badge and Army
Recruiter's Badge w/3 Gold stars.
Jerry is a Life Member of the 75th Ranger Regiment Association, Life
Member of the VFW and a member of the American Legion.
Bev is a Life Member of the VFW Ladies Auxiliary, member of the
American Legion Ladies Auxiliary, Past President of the American Legion
Ladies Auxiliary and a member of ASMIC ( American Society of Military
Insignia Collectors). Bev also collects US Military patches, Medals and
most anything else Military related.
In our store we have on display a museum quality patch collection
with over 4,000 US Military Patches, 3,000 Distinctive Insignias, US
military medals, paperwork etc. Items have been donated over the years
are noted as such and never sold or traded. This collection is
available for display at Military Functions & Organizations FREE OF
CHARGE.Comedy night provides varied entertainment for all who attend
March 23, 2010
Jamie Anderson
Looking for a few laughs and a night of cheap entertainment? The Pavilion Bar and Grill hosts a comedy night every Thursday, and you can get just that.
“I have been to comedy night about four or five times,” said Jenneca Barber, a senior nursing student. “Some comedians are funnier than others, but for the most part all the ones I have seen were all pretty funny.”
Comedy night is every Thursday starting at 9:30 p.m.
“It is $6 to get in,” said Megan Krulikosky, a floor manager at the Pavilion. “If you come before 8 p.m. and eat in the dining room, then we will give you a free wristband.”
Even though comedy night is a great deal for everyone, Krulikosky said the majority of people who attend are SDSU students.
“You can really tell the difference in attendance when students are gone for different breaks,” Krulikosky said. “We have specials every week during comedy night. Tall domestic taps are $2.25 and we have half-price appetizers.”
The Pavilion goes through the Funny Business booking agency to find the comedians, and some have been on Comedy Central, but they all travel across the U.S., said Krulikosky.
Travis Peters makes a few jokes and introduces the opener for the comedians.
“None of the bartenders or managers wanted to do the opening part and he did,” said Krulikosky. “I’ve worked (at the Pavilion) for about four years and he’s been here for that long at least.”
Peters is from Brookings and we basically pay him in Diet Coke, said Krulikosky.
“Everyone that I have gone with seems to know him by Travis, the guy who always wears a turtleneck,” said Barber. “Even the comedians make fun of him for that.”
The opening comedian tells jokes for about a half hour, then the main comedian does about an hour-long show.
“Sometimes the comedians travel together if they live close to each other,” said Krulikosky. “It just depends on each one, but usually they don’t know each other.”
The two comedians have different material from each other, so members of the audience never know who they are going to get.”I have been to comedy night four times,” said Emily Guldan, a senior wildlife and fisheries major. “One time I liked the opener better, but the other times I have liked the main comedian better.”
Since the comedians are from different parts of the country, they all provide a different range of jokes.
“I don’t have a certain topic that I think is funnier,” said Barber. “I do enjoy the jokes and comments about South Dakota and how it is in the middle of nowhere.”
“I have been able to relate to some of the jokes,” said Guldan. “Others are just really funny or dirty jokes.”
Krulikosky said that in the future the Pavilion is going to try an open mic night following comedy night to get people to stay instead of leaving and starting their weekend.
“If you come in to eat beforehand, it’s a great deal for the night,” Krulikosky said.
It’s good to get there early so you can get a table in front since it’s always busy, said Barber.
Students that have gone each have different memories of comedy night.
“Well, Travis tries to be funny and he’s not really,” said Guldan.
“My favorite part is when they involve the audience and relate jokes to the audience members,” said Barber. “As long as they are not rude.”The Email Newsletter I Always Open
WNYC’s Morning Brief email is getting added to our inspiration file. Marketers spend all day every day trying to reach customers in crowded inboxes and mobile notification centers, and of course only the cream rises to the top.
Today we’re looking at how this newsletter from the New York City public radio stations group builds and delivers on expectations and trust, and encourages social sharing.
The email I love: WNYC Morning Brief
WNYC’s newsletter comes every weekday morning. The layout is clear, the identity strong, and the content full of charm and value.
What made me click
I click on this newsletter more consistently than any of my other daily mailings. In part, it’s because of the weather commentary. Yep. The weather. That mainstay of uncreative small talk. It’s done so well by Morning Brief that I’m compelled to click almost every day. They make it pithy and personal. Their synopsis of the day’s weather comes with with emoji to match, and usually feels written by a cheerful auntie or your cleverest neighbor.
“Pack an umbrella just in case,” feels like thanks, Mom!
“Damp all around,” is such a friendly way to say it’s going to rain all day.
“High point of the week! Meaning, lowest temperatures of the week,” feels like, totally girl! I feel you.
And a personal favorite is, “It’s so hot…cockroaches are flying,” which wasn’t just a commentary on the day’s weather. It was also an article.
The mobile version does a better job of previewing these weather reports, which is just fine, because I usually scroll through this newsletter while I’m stumbling around in my morning stupor (pouring dog food into the coffee maker and filling the dog bowl with coffee beans) checking my phone.
It’s funny
Whoever writes the headlines for WNYCs Morning Brief seems like they’d be great at a dinner party. We’re all familiar with the Trump v. Clinton conversation. For an entirely new angle, WNYC made it Trump v. Clinton v. Voldemort. Also, “What the Chinese Make of Trump” is not a topic I likely would have wondered about on my own, but it’s information I’m grateful to have access to. It’s more than great content programming (though that helps). It’s about how the marketing team presents that great content with some very attractive headlines and blurbs.
Newsletter themes tend to have a through-line
After the weather and local news snippets, Morning Brief has an “On the Dial” section that promotes recent radio or podcast content. This section often—though not always—tends to be strung together loosely around a single theme. The continuity helps focus the newsletter so that it’s not too willy-nilly, while still showcasing the diversity of their programming.
Builds relationships by highlighting users
The last section of the newsletter is called “Listeners Like,” and it’s probably the section that’s most effective at selling us what we’ve already bought. Namely, that this is a cool company doing cool stuff. In Listeners Like, recent user tweets or site comments are highlighted in a single large frame. This snippet serves a few purposes. Morning Brief reminds us that we can get in on the WNYC action on social media and on show pages in a way that’s more creative and subtle than the typical, “follow us on Twitter!” They’re also demonstrating that these other venues of communication exist, that we can interact with them there, and that they’re paying attention. So, if we show up to the party, it’s already in full swing.
They do a lot with a little
WNYC gets quite a bit of promotional content into one little space without making a mess of things. They offer lots of helpful information like news and weather, share snippets of popular content, highlight user engagement, and provide users with direct access to programming and contribution opportunities through nice chunky buttons. They keep everything short and sweet, and most successful of all, they have a quirky, witty, authentic personality that shines through.
Three facts underlie the development of this website:
- Governments suffer from a strong pro-spending bias. Creative spending financed by diffuse taxation (a little bit each from a lot of people) can win votes without costing many. It is very difficult to engineer cutting spending so it that costs fewer votes than it wins. So, it is hard for legislators to resist expanding the government.
- Fiscal rules – formal restraints on spending level or growth – must be well designed to be effective, sustainable, and not undermine appropriate responses to genuine emergencies.
- Some governments have spent themselves into financial trouble. A well-designed fiscal rule can be critical element of a strategy to gradually eliminate the default risk.
So, most governments would better serve their citizens if they are constrained by well-designed fiscal rules. vetfiscalrules.net aims to be the forum to propose and study fiscal rule proposals. There are conversation forums to propose and discuss fiscal rule ideas. You can start by examining past discussions, and consider adding to them; perhaps with a question.
The web site will be of particular interest to policy makers interested in the design of fiscal rules. It includes a ‘federal calculator’ and a ‘state calculator’. These calculators use a simulation model to measure the impact of alternative fiscal rule designs. A ‘Guide’ is provided to help policy makers use these calculators to study and design fiscal rules. Policy makers can choose different policy parameters, including expenditure limits, a deficit/debt brake, tax rates, emergency funds, and capital investment funds. Users can do sensitivity tests to determine the impact of alternative economic conditions, including growth rates, interest rates, and business cycles.
The U.S., like other major debt countries, now faces a debt crisis. The web site includes a policy paper ‘Blueprint for Fiscal Sanity: A Rules Based Solution to the U.S. Debt Crisis’. The policy paper provides the rationale for new fiscal rules to address the debt crisis. The centerpiece of the fiscal rules is an expenditures limit. We propose a stringent spending limit to reduce the rate of growth in federal spending over the next two decades, similar to the spending limits enacted in other OECD countries. The spending limit must be combined with significant savings each year over the next two decades. The savings will require reform of entitlement programs. It will also require savings from other heterodox fiscal policies, including the privatization and sale of federal assets, and the devolution of federal programs to state and local government.
Solving the debt crisis will be a formidable challenge. The ‘Blueprint shows how the fiscal rules we designed can solve the debt crisis. The fiscal rules proposed in the ‘Blueprint’ are not the only solutions to the U.S. debt crisis. But we think that the fiscal rules we propose are, to use a phrase from Milton Friedman, some of the better ideas lying around. The ‘Blueprint’ will help policy makers understand how the simulation model and calculator can be used to design and measure the impact of alternative fiscal rules.
For deeper discussions of fiscal and economic outcomes of fiscal rules, vetfiscalerules.net publishes peer-reviewed academic journal articles in the Fiscal Rules Review. For example, the FRR would publish articles that establish the values of the parameter used in the calculators. A parameter value is a number that indicates the rate at which a factor yields an outcome.Hospitals
Hospitals[edit]
- Have you ever had to visit a hospital for a broken bone, stitches or something similar? What caused the accident?
- How many times have you been x-rayed? What do you think about the health implications of having lots of x-rays?
- Does your country have a National Health Service or do you need to pay for all treatment? Which system do you think is better?
- If you have a National Health Service is there much of a queue for treatment? How could queues be reduced?
- Would the quality and cost of health care be better if health insurance were left solely to the free market?
- Is there much difference between the quality of service in private and public hospitals?
- Is there anything immoral for someone to pay extra money to “get to the front of the queue” for an operation?
- If people are in hospital should they be obliged to pay something towards the cost of their care. For instance should they pay for the food they consume? Why/why not?
- How would you feel if you were taken to hospital in a foreign country? How do you think you would react if you couldn't speak the local language?
- How do you feel about visiting hospitals?
- Do you enjoy watching hospital dramas on television? Which ones can you remember?
Medicine[edit]
- What do you do with any medicines “left over” from treatment? What should you do?
- If you feel ill do you simply get hold of some antibiotics? How easy is it in your country? What do you think of this practice?
- Do you think that computers are bad for people’s health? In what way?
- How often to you go to the dentist? How do you feel about visiting the dentist?
- Do you give blood? Should blood donors get preferential service from the health service?
- Could you describe the health service in your area?
- If you suddenly started to suffer from a strange pain – what would you do? Who would you speak to? Where would you go?
- How would you get a “second opinion” if you didn’t like or trust the first diagnosis?
- What is the procedure for making complaints about doctors?
- In the United Kingdom (and perhaps elsewhere) doctors are notorious for having illegible handwriting. Do they have the same problem in your country? Why should this be?
- Would you like to be a doctor? Why/why not?
- What – if anything - do you know about first aid??
this screen holds its own against a screen you havent seen?
*mouth fart*
I was thinking this too.
Don’t get me wrong, I’m glad that Windows Phone 7 is looking promising to people who have been hands on. I can also appreciate the Windows development ecosystem being much easier to navigate.
I’m currently trying to learn iPhone development having spent the last 8 years almost exclusively in .NET. It’s a difficult transition to say the least.
But, this being said, I have no confidence in Microsoft’s phone product at this point. After owning two WM devices, I switched to the the iPhone. I pre-ordered the iPhone 4 on Tuesday. Apple has shown a commitment to making their software and hardware the best in class. Incremental improvements that continue to impress and impact the direction of the industry.
It’s comforting to know that even after my phone is a year old, Apple will continue to release iOS updates that I can benefit from. It sucks being left behind or being relegated to XDA builds because Sprint doesn’t want to release an OS update for your phone.
Apple’s approach garners my trust. So, I’m sticking with their platform until I’m proven wrong.
I completely understand your point of view.
It’s horrible to see Android going down the very same path that Windows Mobile took: Sony Ericsson X10 users are howling with anger because they’re still stuck with Android 1.6 due to the crapware that Sony has layered into the OS.
Only time will tell, but Windows Phone’s stringent hardware specifications and commitment to locking out carrier customisations (other than preloaded apps) are designed to overcome this upgrade paralysis. It’s a bold move and I’m going to throw my cards in with them.
Rest assured, if they make a fool of me twice, you’ll read it here first
That being said, my iPhone (which is like a 4th child to me, I love it that much) is ~1yr old, I got it a few weeks before 3GS came out, and it’s a little disappointing that I won’t get (all) the benefits of OS4 without a hardware upgrade… So will I spend another $1000 or so on an iPhone4? I think I’ll wait to see what the WP7 looks like before making that kind of commitment…
Clifton, not to worry about updates. now that there is a stringent hardware specification that must be met Microsoft now owns the OS update process you will get updates directly from microsoft that update all wo7 devices. this means that it doesn’t matter where you get your device or even if you bought it a year ago you will still be able to apply the update to your device.
Sorry to hear that you have already pre-ordered iPhone 4, since it’s known that it’s a total fail (see)
About the OS updates – May be you are right at some point about Windows Mobile OS Updates. But don’t think that Microsoft haven’t realize it too. That’s why they are changing their strategy about OS Updates. For more info read – Internet Explorer for Windows Phone 7 and Software and OS Updates paragraphs.
Did you know that when you publish your application at iPhone’s AppStore or whatever it is called, it became Apple’s property ? Sorry but I don’t want my application to be Apple or Microsoft or anyone else’s property!
I’m a little annoyed there’s no support for legacy apps, or even C++ Dlls, and I’m definitely going to miss some of the lower level functionality accessible in Windows Mobile, but I can see myself knocking out a few lines of code for this. As for purchasing? Well, I don’t have an iPhone like you fanboys so as long as it’s got a keyboard like my Sony Xperia X1and I can hack it to connect to the company Wifi then I’m in.
Understand your concerns but in order to make a device this good the product team had to make some hard decisions. With a development system built on Silverlight, XNA, C#.NET and Expression Blend I hope long term developers will take a look and think wow what a cool experience.
Yeah, and to their credit, the direction they are heading with phones mirrors their decisions for the XBOX and Windows development. You just feel the squeeze more on a phone that can’t reasonably cater to every historical development dependency as well as a desktop operating system can.
We’ve all been saying that they needed to completely rewrite their mobile operating system. I’m glad they finally did.
To be honest, I’m also glad they left out legacy support all together. There are not very many good looking, highly useful Windows Mobile apps out there right now. Giving developers a way to run their apps without redesigning them for the new OS would have been a mistake, imho.
Just wish I had kept all my Windows Mobile devices going back to Windows CE 1.0 and the HP 320LX.
No doubt you have all seen this –
Back in the old days of Windows CE 1.0 we used embedded visual basic and embedded C++. Back then I was amazed that i could run VB code on a device like the Windows CE 1.0. Back then we did not have either .NET or a database but that was quickly fixed by CEFusion from
Having seen how we started and where we are going I am more than a little bit excited in what the future holds for us in mobility
I am in, have always been in.
I was a ms phone early adopter all the way back to it’s pocket pc 2003 roots. I grew tired of microsofts consistent ability to put a new coat of paint on the same old foundation. That was evidenced by the completely useless core user experience without a dorky stylus. I kept holding on through windows mobile 6.1, but seriously microsoft, 3 years and no major upgrades? I agree with mac fanboy above: I grew tired of hacking other phones firmwares to my phone because my wireless carrier or phone handset mfg didn’t want to update a 6 month old phone.
I bit the bullet march of 2010 and bought a iPhone 3GS after yet another windows mobile disappointment. I preordered a iPhone 4 for the 24th. If windows phone 7 does awe me on release, I’ll consider it after a year; I’d like to see what M$ release/update strategy is.
Written on my iPhone in tweetdeck.
Yikes. I just became “mac fanboy above”.
To me it’s about trust and platform. Microsoft has built a platform I trust with the XBOX 360, so I invested in it.
I’m not going to develop for or use a platform that could just be another attempt in a long series of half hearted experiments.
Lol…I have quickly found myself becoming a “skeptical” mac fanboy myself. Less than 1 year ago I hated all things apple, then decided to try the iTunes UX because I had grown tired of Windows media player, again because of a lack of updates and an outdated UX. iTunes passed, so I got an iPod last christmas, and an iPhone in march.
I gave you the fanboy status because you had the diligence to pre-order in time, before they sold out. With all the press about order problems and frustrated users, you have to be somewhat savvy (and/or lucky) to have gotten a pre-order.
I am a skeptical fanboy, because I do not see apple as a “do no evil” corporation. I think they are a typical, profit driven, corporation. That means that when user rights, privacy and innovation come in the way of profit, the corporation has to make a decision whether to honor the stockholders or the customers; stockholders usually win, due in part to the fact that a lot of apple employees are also stockholders. I think Apple is completely anti-competitive in the app-store market, and approval process. There is no appeals process, and it is a closed system. If apple doesn’t want you in the app store, they don’t approve you, or amend the developer terms to exclude you. That is totally not the open, peace loving hippie goodness company that Steve Jobs started the company as; in fact, it sounds much more like his competition of the day: Big Blue.
The test of time will certainly tell if Apple’s attempts to control its platform have hindered, or added to it’s success. I think that it has helped in insuring some consistent usability guidelines, although there are still godawful apps in the app store, with terrible UX and little to no value.
Pingback: Is This A Question Or An Answer? « My Microsoft Life
@Bob
Yeah, I don’t know how I ended up here, but I don’t have many arguments left to make on the “not a fan boy” side. I think iPhones are intended to be the gateway drug for the rest of their products.
I’m skeptical too of their app store process and many of their decisions. But, most of those decisions don’t harm my satisfaction with the product. I’d rather have a phone that I actually enjoy using with somewhat corporatist rules than a phone I can do whatever I want to but don’t like as much.
(And, for the record, the same logic applies to why I am on AT&T…what a truly awful cell service provider!)
Interesting.
I’ve always wondered what Microsoft could achieve if the company’s top engineering brass ever embraced the idea of ‘radical simplicity’.
This could just be the answer. And with luck, it could be the phone I’ve been waiting for.
Any hints on when the finished product will surface?
New development kit due this summer (US time), and phones before the end of the year. NZ is actually in the first group of countries to receive phones (another plus for Microsoft) so the MS guys are looking for good NZ apps to feature in the Marketplace.
It was the reason I bought a ZuneHD as soon as they launched. The interface is just great. Using typography presents a clean interface. of course also having XNA means many developers who launch a Windows Phone 7 game could also release a version of it on Xbox.
We already have one demo where you can start playing a game on xbox then continue on a phone perhaps as you sit on the train to work.
Either way the next 12 months are going to be very interesting with mobile
Wanted to ask as this thread is fun, as you have all seen Windows Phone 7 what are you thughts around these panarama style apps?
I’m in two minds about it. The built-in panoramic apps are great, and make a lot of sense. I’m less confident that third-party developers will use them properly.
I hope that Microsoft will make an control or at least template for Visual Studio for panoramic view to solve your considerations. In the UI Design and Interaction Guide for Windows Phone 7 Series file (downloaded from) Microsoft sayed: “Currently, there is not a panoramic application template or control provided as part of the standard
application platform. However, by using Silverlight developers can create similar application experiences”. That brings me the idea that Microsoft will release control or template
Yeah they showed their new Pivot control at TechEd, but not a Panorama. Like I say, I personally think people should leave Panorama to the built-in apps, unless they have a really compelling reason to do otherwise.
Sorry, but I can’t agree with you. I think that the application should have same styling. That includes Panoramic View too. Reading UI Design and Interaction Guide for Windows Phone 7 Series, you will see that this is Microsoft’s idea too. They want third-party application to implement panoramic view.
Well I don’t follow most of the comments here (whoosh, going over my head), but, I’m not sure I want all my stuff “conglobulated”. Is that a good thing?
Well, we’ll see.
However what MS needs to remember is that on a samrtphone paltform, it’s all about the apps.
Look at the Palm Pre – nice piece of hardware beautifully integrated into a well built and funtional OS. But hardly any apps. Crappy app store, with very little uptake by devs.
MS needs to make it easy to get and use apps, as well as easy to publish. The old WinMo marketplace was hopelessly fragmented between a myriad of different sites, payment mechanisms and distribution mechanisms.
Not convinced that arbitrary limits on free apps per developer are the way to go either.
On iPhone and Android, free limited featuree or ad-supported demos often lead to sales of the ‘Pro’ versions. This is a well tested shareware retail model.
I also hope that Win P 7 has ditched the horrible (from a security guy perspective) practice of alowing apps to run from unpermissioned FAT32 external storage!!! (Code signing or not, it’s just wrong!!)
I can’t believe I didn’t mention that. Marketplace is another shining example of the improvement in this platform:
I’m stoked to see Microsoft doing something promising in this area, and I’m also impressed they basically started from scratch. However I have serious doubts about Microsoft’s ability to build an all round solid experience. They haven’t pulled this off anywhere else, the closest they’ve come is the Xbox 360 but the hardware still sucks.
On top of that I don’t see HTC, Motorola or anyone else building hardware that is as polished as Apple’s. In the end that’s why I have an iPhone; it is the whole package, software and hardware are completely polished and no matter what you say about the ‘walled garden’ — as a consumer it means I’ve got the most reliable and pleasant piece of tech I’ve ever had.
With all that said though I’m still looking forward to trying WM7 later this year.
I think that you are not familiar with Microsoft’s politics. They don’t want to make everything them self. They prefer to hire some company to help them, not because they can’t make it, but because of co-partnership. If you manufacture Windows Phone 7 device, you are interested in success of your product. So not only Microsoft are carrying for forcing the product, but their partners too.
There is some freakin’ economic logic. So there is logic in this
Oh I completely understand that. The point I was making is that because they don’t control everything I don’t think the whole package will ever be as polished as the iPhone experience.
We’ve seen this with even the latest HTC/Moto Android handsets and I’ll be (pleasantly) surprised if Microsoft can pull this off.
But the idea for Windows Phone 7 is they to control everything! So I can’t agree with your opinion, that Windows Phone 7 won’t be polished as iPhone.
Read this about iOS4 UI and Windows Phone 7 UI compartment –
It’s isTrial().Equals(true) == true remember;)
k
Will developers outside the US be able to sell stuff straight away?
I know initially the Appstore was limited, and Android Market is still limited to only about a dozen countries from which devs can publish paid apps (mostly US, UK, western europe and Japan.)
I gather it’s to do with the way the publishers get remunerated and local tax laws.
Of course Android devs from just about anywhere can publish free apps.
Or I guess you can register from a US address? (But probably be subject to US taxes)
Yes! New Zealand is one of seven launch territories for WP7 (places you can buy phones AND apps). Then there are something like 30 countries where developers will get paid (basically North America, Western Europe, Australasia, India, Japan, Singapore, Hong Kong). Slightly strange that you can make money off apps in a place that you can’t buy apps, but kiwis don’t need to worry about that.
Of course there’s the whole localisation thing (an app in the French app store must at the very least have a French description, and preferably full i8n), plus market targetting (I can choose to only sell an app in New Zealand).
Excellent article. MS’s change in policy on controlling much more of the process starting with WP7 is a welcomed one. WM on crapware is what doomed the platform more than anything. Sure there will be devices that launch in the fall that will be almost outdated when they release but others like HTC and Samsung are preparing to bring absolutely fantastic flagship worthy devices to the market. Dell’s Lightning is smply beautiful by looking at the leaked render shots i’ve seen.
I like the iPhone because it just works. MS absolutely needed their phone to “just work” and took the proper means to make sure of this. The latest builds being previewed right now are as snappy as i’ve ever seen an OS and MS is requiring apps to fully load and be interacting with customer within 19 seconds and each screen has less than a second to transition or it will get rejected by MS. They are serious about having a snappy, smooth and stable user experience.
I can’t wait to get one…. I hate the Iphone
hey guys i was curious to see what you think of the upcoming n8 from nokia? or are there no symbian fans here?
Nice write-up, thank you … keep ‘em coming. All I can say about the phone is that I wish I had one!
Pingback: WinMo Phones - Page 20 - StrafeRight Forums
Fantastic – I hadn’t heard much about WP7 on NZ shores, very excited to hear we’re a launch territory. I have hope that this will shake up the smartphone market here.
You may like the WP7 ui and fonts, but to me it screams Zune everywhere and that’s not something I want to stare at everyday. Android’s legacy versions are no big deal, phones get updated soon enough and older versions are still great. I use 2.2 but using a 1.6 or 2.0 device doesn’t bother me a bit. It’s the core of Android that makes it great.
It’s also far better than Apple withholding features to get people to upgrade. The iPhone 3G can’t handle a wallpaper? That’s bs.
I hope WP7 is decent, WinMo was my entrance to the smartphone world and WP7 looks promising even if it is too Zuneish. However, I don’t see one feature that WP7 has over Android.
Wait till later this year when WP7 and Android 3.0 Gingerbread are released. Gingerbread will be a major UI overhaul that will make Android even more gorgeous and refined.
In the meantime, I will continue to enjoy my Flash support, plethora of Widgets, limitless customization and support Open Source by using my Nexus One.
Pingback: Digital simulacra and the iPad human interface guidelines | Adrian Short
Pingback: The Technology newsbucket: the death of email?, 4chan hacks, Excite’s big mistake and moreJimmy Choo Jimmy Choo Emmie Glittered Leather Clutch Rent Jimmy Choo Emmie Glittered Leather Clutch $79.00 Hire Duration 2 Nights - $79.00 Weekend - $79.00 3 Nights - $120.00 4 Nights - $140.00 5 Nights - $160.00 6 Nights - $180.00 Weekly - $200.00 Hire Duration 2 Nights Weekend 3 Nights 4 Nights 5 Nights 6 Nights Weekly Start date Please note your return date is Please select a from and to date. View Full DetailsWeb page design handles a variety of martial arts and competencies within the repair and formation of online websites. The many grounds of web design mostly contain world wide web graphic design world-wide-web program style aesthetic transmission layout cms publishing, consisting of amazing application and standard research and codes serp advertising. Website design is an essential part in the web site design method.
If you have any thoughts pertaining to where and how to use, you can get in touch with us at our webpage.
Site designers usually have to look out for two major problems: fantastic and vision encounter. Superb usability refers back to the way the web page works and appears. Conversely, visual practical experience is additionally vital, but much more since it advises the actual or smoothness of use for people. To be able to develop a good website, it truly is essential to first consider user friendliness.
This is the step one in web development. Usually, designers commence with a visible design how they need the web page to search like and progress while using the structure. Most graphic designers use before-existing style sheet and layouts records to get started their page layout, but more designers start to develop their own personal layouts from the beginning and adding ground breaking solutions and methods making it far more intriquing, notable and individual-friendly. In terms of website development design and style, there are many tools which can be used that can help graphic designers in creating beautiful designs and visible basics.
A lot of makers would prefer to begin their web design page layout using javascript. Style sheet has become the best resources that web-site designers have available to place your image portions of the internet site. Through the use of Javascript, manufacturers are able to construct and design things for example text messaging, pictures and switches without having to publish the Html code or JavaScript value that’s needed is to get your house so. Apart from, enabling site designers to possess with additional control in the design and style on the website, it also enables them to modify the web site’s written content every time they would like. As a result, it makes website development a smaller amount tedious and much easier to execute.
Another way to successfully contend with web page design design and style complications is made for web site designers to produce problem-solving operations. These processes make it possible for site designers to figure about the foremost aspects of your website then go through the down sides in a methodical and measure-by-measure manner. This way, web-site designers will not spend your time on pointless projects. Rather then doing 50 percent-hearted task, they are able to complete the work within the efficient manner.
And some web site designers are comfortable with designing web-sites along with us, others are confident with making use of html document. It is very important for designers to understand how every technological know-how operates and get accustomed to with it in order to enhance their sites as a result. Although connections style fundamentally according to typography, Cascading stylesheet enables website designers to concentrate on other significant places such as colors and images. Each web design and interaction design and style supplement 1 another well and make up a pretty pleasing web-site which they can use by organizations of any sizing.
Web developers may benefit from employing desktop application because of this. Miracle traffic bot adds income speed up due to the fact things are in desktop format. Desktop computer computer software like Frontpage and Dreamweaver can be used all website development do the job given that they enable makers to pay attention to the content of your web site as opposed to discovering how the web page appears to be like. As an example, in computer’s desktop program, it is possible to alter the shade of a text or image right away without having to concerning-style the site. This may cause website design function more streamlined.
Probably the greatest things which a graphic designer are capable of doing is to really make the web site user friendly by its targeted traffic. Even though this may sound like a basic thought, a lot of web site designers neglect to accept the user friendliness of their total designs into mind. The web custom made implies that they’re not only thinking about creating a web page that seems great additionally worry about the user friendliness from the page, by using to accomplish. The internet site can be really consumer-favorable if a graphic designer protects these factors. An internet site that is very easy to get around may continue to be on-line longer, which means it is going to rank higher on the internet.
If you loved this article therefore you would like to obtain more info regarding SEO please visit the web page.
Far more tips from advised editors:
Please click the up coming post
just click the next website pageI have now been decluttering for TWO MONTHS and what have I achieved ?
- a slightly tidier office, but it still looks cluttered ☹️
- a lot of empty box files — an awful lot 😩
- Half finished clutter in the study ☹️
- A shed full of black bags full of rubbish 😩
- A few less books 😔
- A little less whiskey 😋
But it’s a slog, no doubt about it! Is it worth it ? Does it spark joy?
Answer NO. I’m almost beginning to like clutter —- well almost but not really.
Let’s look at the positives :-
- I have a bookfull of blog posts out of it 😀
- My office desk is clear —- well half clear 🙃
- I have emptied a lot of box files mostly into the bin for recycling, so I may preserve a rain forest or two 😇
- I have got shot of a heck of a lot of age-old confidential paper work, by burning it in my new incinerator. I hate paperwork, but I do love bonfires and now I am one or two steps closer to a paperless office 😁
- I have some unread books to read that I had forgotten about 😋
- A lot of long forgotten photographs of family and friends 😀😀😀
- I like burning papers in my new incinerator —- especially BANK PAPERS — it feels like I am getting my own bank for all that junk mail —- and for rock bottom interest rates 😀😀😀😀
So now I have got that off my chest. I need another bigger effort at decluttering. I have got to give away, throw away or tidy away much more ruthlessly, if I am going to create more space in my life. I will post two blogs a week on decluttering from now on until I have finished.
I will bloody well get there if it kills me ! And ………
BONFIRES SPARK JOY 😀😀😀😀😀
Any ideas of what to do with spare box files ?
Is there a school, university, library, museum, in the neighborhood which might be able to use the box files? as to family photos, when I. did my big cleanup I digitized them all For myself, and then mailed them to the family members or friends who I felt were most connected to them and might appreciate them.
You are such a gent! Very gentle with this growling bear called John.
BOX Files–Remember ‘LEGGO’ bind the boxes together as an engineering design: strong to resist weight? yet light enough to carry around, then pafter ‘Breakers’ at the Front gate place the boxes-‘Your Stump’ on the ground, climb upon this pedistal, and deliver the speech of a lifetime, to the passing audience on ‘Decluttering’.
If you believe you need a wider audience that may goad one or even listen then proceed with or without your ‘stump’ to (Weekdays) Tower Hill London their speakers corner and join the bible bashers and the know it all up and coming politicians , or if you wish to be heard as that fabulous speaker, why not on a ‘Sunday’ instead of going to church join the set at Speakers corner-with your ‘stump’ in Hyde Park London, and annouce to the world ‘Your sins’ and the new found ‘Rightous way To Live Life’
It is all up to you Kid?? Go forth said Moses and Multiply, or was that Jacob?:, What ever it is in the ‘Old Testement’ to be read and enjoyed, and from time to time commented upon, you ‘OLD CODDGER’???
The ‘Lord’ Preserve us if you ever are heard on Radio??Vancouver, British Columbia – Luminex Resources Corp. (TSXV: LR) (US OTC: LUMIF) (the “Company” or “Luminex”) is pleased to announce results from the final two holes of its initial four hole, “Phase 1” diamond drilling program at the Camp Zone in the northern part of its Condor Project, as well as the commencement of its “Phase 2” follow-up drill program. The results from these two drill holes complement those described in Luminex’s June 18, 2019 news release announcing the discovery of a high-grade, broad zone of precious metal mineralization.
Drill hole CC19-03 demonstrated lateral continuity of the high-grade gold and silver mineralization that was intersected in CC19-01 and 02. The best intersection from CC19-03 was 35 metres assaying 4.58 g/t gold and 10.3 g/t silver. Similar to the initial two drill holes, hole CC19-03 cut the mineralized zone at an angle of approximately 65 degrees with an approximate true thickness of 25 metres. The three longer intersections cut in holes CC19-01 to 03 (high-grade zone) are separated by 125 metres along trend, and as noted in the June 18 news release, holes CC19-01 and 02 ended in high-grade mineralization. Long intervals of lower-grade mineralization were also cut in CC19-03 from three metres below surface. The fourth hole did not penetrate deep enough to test the high-grade epithermal system.
Drill Results Table:
* “Shallower” intervals are calculated using a lower limit of 0.25 g/t Au with a maximum of ten continuous metres occurring within the stated intercept and the highest gold value used in the reported weighted averages is 12.2 g/t Au.
** “Deeper” intervals are calculated using a lower limit of 2.00 g/t Au with a maximum of six continuous metres and the highest gold value used in the reported weighted averages is 59.3 g/t Au.
These results help confirm the geometry of the high-grade zone and have prompted Luminex to plan the 2,300-metre Phase 2 program, consisting of seven new drill holes. Phase 2 drilling has commenced with one drill rig and a second drill rig will be added in the near-term. Phase 2 is designed to step-out along trend in both directions and to depth (see Figures 1&2). An extension to CC19-02 and a deep hole are also being planned as part of Phase 2. The deep hole will evaluate the relationship between the Camp Zone and the diatreme-hosted precious-metal deposit at Los Cuyes, situated 400 metres away. The hole’s location and depth will be determined following the completion of geophysics. Luminex believes there is likely a common magmatic source feeding the Camp Zone and Los Cuyes.
Channel samples collected along a newly constructed trail located on trend 380 metres to the northwest of drill hole CC19-02 have identified a probable extension to the zone. Assays show a 9-metre zone averaging 5.61 g/t gold (3 continuous 3-metre channel samples with individual assays up to 9.48 g/t gold) within a broader zone 18-metre zone averaging 3.16 g/t gold (6 continuous samples). Current surface rock sampling suggests the Camp Zone could extend 700 metres, only 125 metres of which has been drill tested.
Figure 1: Geological map with gold histograms capped at 3.0 g/t gold along drill hole traces projected to surface. Proposed Phase 2 follow-up drill holes shown.
Figure 2: Long section viewing along strike of high-grade mineralization in holes CC19-01, CC19-02, and CC19-03. Limits of this section are the map extent of Figure 1.
Quality Assurance
All Luminex to ALS Laboratories’ (“ALS”) ALS, the drilling of a deeper hole to test the relationship between the Camp Zone and Los Cuyes and timing for the arrival of a second drill rig..Police say Phoenix father killed son with ax.
___
Information from: KNXWelcome to Ocean City’s newest thrill ride making waves in the bay!
30 minutes • Ages 5+ • Up to 11 people • $48
Join us on our jet boat, Tornado, as your captain takes you on a fun and exhilarating adventure featuring power turns, Hamilton spins, slides, and speed. Enjoyable for the entire family, ages 5 and up, prepare yourself for a great ride as you soak up the sun, get splashed, and relish in nature’s scenic bay.
Tornado jet boat, USCG certified and inspected, seats up to 11 passengers and offers approximately 30-minute long thrill rides along the back bay waters of Ocean City, NJ. This 18’6” vessel, constructed of aluminum, is powered by an LS3 corvette motor and 1 Hamilton Jet 212.
Hold on to your hats and be prepared to get wet! This is one thrill ride you will not want to miss! Join us as we add some amazing memories to your visit to Ocean City, NJ! Please check out the Frequently Asked Questions page as well as the Media Gallery to learn more about Tornado and view some awesome shots.
Important Information:
- Please arrive 20 minutes before your ride. Take note of summer traffic and parking to ensure you don’t miss the boat!
- Must be at least 5 years old to ride.
- Schedule and route subject to change due to weather conditions. This activity may not be appropriate for pregnant women or those with neck and back injuries.
Well I bet you didn’t know it, but the New York Times is actually a grassroots organization of independent journalists with no institutional power whatsoever.
As it turns out, they’re apparently leading the resistance against our oppressive, patriarchal, white soopreemist tyranny by “speaking truth to power”.
Pay no attention to the Jewish family dynasty, the Wall Street investors, or the six figure salaries behind the curtain…
The Sulzbergers recently condemned “journalistic practices” which “target journalists and news organizations” like the one they own — The New York Times. Apparently they can dish it but they can’t take it. Apparently it’s okay for them to slander and defame you and your family but you aren’t allowed to talk about them because they’re speaking truth to “power” and you’re not.
I bet you didn’t know that you were more powerful than the New York Times, did you?
And speaking of Jewish gaslighting in the press, we’re also going to be talking about the ongoing invasion of Maine.
This is EPISODE 266 of So to Speak w/ Jared Howe!
Podcast: Play in new window | DownloadGlock
Glock barrels & conv. kits Glock flashlights & lasers Glock grips & plugs Glock gun parts Glock holsters & related Glock knives & edged tools Glock logo items Glock magazines & related Glock sights, scopes, rings & mounts Gaston Glock's brainchild just gets better with quality accessories, like high capacity magazines, holsters, .22 long rifle conversion kits, and tritium night sights. We carry leather, nylon, and kydex pistol holsters. If you need gun parts, we carry a huge selection of Glock factory replacement parts, including factory and aftermarket barrels. New clips on the market include the 22 round, extended .40 S&W hi cap magazine made by Glock for models 22, 23, and 27.HOUSTON (Jan. 23, 2018) – Fabien Gabel, music director of the Quebec Symphony Orchestra, returns to Houston to lead the Houston Symphony in Ravel’s Daphnis and Chloé on Feb. 2 and 3 at 8 p.m. and Feb. 4 at 2:30 p.m. in Jones Hall.
Recognized internationally as one of the stars of the new generation, Fabien Gabel is a regular guest of the Houston Symphony and an audience favorite. Known for conducting music with French influences, Gabel leads the Symphony in a program of French and American classics, including the breathtaking musical sunrise from Ravel’s Daphnis and Chloé and Bernstein’s comic operetta Overture to Candide as the Symphony joins other orchestras around the world for Leonard Bernstein at 100, a worldwide celebration of the composer’s 100th birthday. Also on the program is Habanera, a piece by French composer Louis Aubert.
The evening’s featured soloist, Colin Currie, is hailed as “the world’s finest and most daring percussionist” (Spectator). He performs regularly with the world’s leading orchestras and conductors. Currie returns to Houston to perform Conjurer for Percussionist, Strings and Brass by leading American composer John Corigl.
RAVEL’S DAPHNIS AND CHLOÉ
Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, at 8 p.m.
Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, at 8 p.m.
Sunday, Feb. 4, 2018, at 2:30 p.m.
Fabien Gabel, conductor
Colin Currie, percussion
Bernstein: Overture to Candide
Corigliano: Conjurer for Percussionist, String and Brass
Ibert: Ports of Call
Aubert: Habanera
Ravel: Suite No. 2 from Daphnis and Chloé
About Fabiel Gabel Français des Jeunes (French Youth Orchestra).
Following.
G. His rapidly-expanding U.S. presence has seen him leading the Cleveland Orchestra, Houston Symphony Orchestra, Detroit Symphony Orchestra, San Diego Symphony Orchestra and more.
Fabré Hamelin, Beatrice Rana, Gautier Capuçon, and Simone Lamsma, or singers like Jennifer Larmore, Measha Bruggergosman, Danielle de Niese, Natalie Dessay,.
About Colin Currie
Hailed as “the world’s finest and most daring percussionist” (Spectator), Colin Currie performs regularly with the world’s leading orchestras and conductors. From his earliest years Currie forged a pioneering path in commissioning and creating new music for percussion. In recognition of this commitment, he received the Royal Philharmonic Society Young Artist Award in 2000, a Borletti-Buitoni Trust Award in 2005 and the Royal Philharmonic Society Instrumentalist Award in 2015. Currie has premiered works. Currie’s 2017-18 season includes premieres of works by Andy Akiho, Sir Harrison Birtwistle, Brett Dean, Joe Duddell and Dave Maric. In the coming seasons Currie will premiere works by Helen Grime and Simon Holt.
Currie currently serves as Artist in Association at London’s Southbank Centre, where he was the focus of a major percussion festival in 2014, and this season Currie completes his three year term as Artist in Residence with the Oregon Symphony Orchestra. The 2017-18 season also features a series of solo recitals at the Schubert Club, Budapest’s Liszt Academy, Lawrence University and Sir James MacMillan’s The Cumnock Tryst Music Festival. Orchestral engagements include performances here and with the Antwerp Symphony, BBC Philharmonic, Het Gelders Orkest, National Youth Orchestra of Scotland and the Scottish Chamber and Brno Contemporary Orchestras.
Currie’s ensemble the Colin Currie Group was formed in 2006 to celebrate the music of Steve Reich and made its five-star debut at the BBC Proms. With Reich’s personal endorsement, Currie and his ensemble have become ambassadors for Reich’s Drumming, a work they have performed many times internationally. The group’s debut recording of Drumming is scheduled for release this season. Currie has recorded many concertos, solos and chamber works, including most recently works by Elliott Carter (Ondine) and Simon Holt (NMC). His recording of Rautavaara’s Incantations with the Helsinki Philharmonic and John Storgårds (Ondine) won a 2012 Gramophone Award, and his recording of Jennifer Higdon’s Percussion Concerto with the London Philharmonic and Marin Alsop won a 2010 Grammy Award.
Colin Currie plays Zildjan cymbals and is a MarimbaOne Artist. To learn more,
###Development than 2 minutes. The value comes from the fact that, once the script is created, you and everyone on your team can use that script forever. But the hidden treasure is that when you get your staff to think rather mindlessly click, you improve your overall service in the long run.:
- REVIT API (Custom Tools for Revit)
- .NET Apps
- C# scripts
- Python
- Dynamo
- Grasshopper
- Processing
- Arduino
Welcome to WordPress. This is your first post. Edit or delete it, then start writing! Category: UncategorizedBy anchorhostMarch 12, 20211 Comment Author: anchorhost Post navigation
1 Comment
Hi, this is a comment.
To get started with moderating, editing, and deleting comments, please visit the Comments screen in the dashboard.
Commenter avatars come from Gravatar.Abhimanyu Dasani Age
Abhimanyu Dassani’s Wiki, Age, Height, Weight, Girlfriend, Wife, Family, Biography, Facts, Photos, Videos & More
Abhimanyu Dassani is a Indian Actor. Abhimanyu Dassani is also called as Abhimanyu Dasani. Abhimanyu Dassani was born on 1st Januray 1990 at Mumbai, Maharashtra and his real age is 31 years 0 months .
Wiki / Biography, Biodata
This Article covers detailed story about Actor Abhimanyu Dassani who also called as Abhimanyu Dasani.
It Covers more details about Abhimanyu Dassani’s Age, Career, Caste, Affairs, Marital Status, Father, Mother, Family, Kids, Affair, Girlfriends, Wife, Siblings, Net Worth, Facts, Occupation, Education, Awards, Photos, Videos, Gossips, News, Career, Serial / Movies List, Wiki, Biography, Height, Weight, Body Size and Measurements & More.
Article Type: Biography
Category: Actor
Age, Dob, Birthplace, zodiac, star sign
Death Details
Personality, Physical Appearance
Body, Height, Weight
Face Properties
Attitude
Father / Mother, Family.Mother of the Bride Collection
With over 300 Mother of the Occasion gowns on the floor available for special order or an off the rack purchase, make sure you come see our collection of gowns. The designers carried in our boutique are listed below with an abundance of styles ranging from sizes 2-26 and color options for every occasion. Our selection is made up of mostly long gowns but we do have a select few short gowns from Daymor and Ursula of Switzerland.MASHPEE – Mashpee Select Board members recently aired their frustrations with the communication from the Massachusetts National Guard on the machine gun range proposed for Joint Base Cape Cod.
Board member and Association to Preserve Cape Cod Executive Director Andrew Gottlieb said that he believes the project does not meet statutory requirements for training on the Upper Cape Water Supply Preserve.
“The case I would make, and the case a lot of other folks have made so far, has been that as conceived the project doesn’t do enough job to protect our water supply,” said Gottlieb.
Gottlieb and other selectmen said that part of their concern comes from previous issues of water contamination on the base, which so far has incurred about $1.2 billion in clean-up costs.
“This is not taking a position opposed to a machine gun range. Just opposed to this range as it’s designed in this particular location. It’s not about not being supportive of the training for the troops, but whether or not it can be done as proposed without sacrificing environmental quality as was done in the past,” said Gottlieb.
Last week, the proposed machine gun range continued to receive a cool reception from about 200 residents during a National Guard public town hall meeting that outlined the $11.5 million project.
The machine gun range project is moving through the regulatory process and will be presented for vote to the state Environmental Management Commission (EMC) the week of July 12.
Selectmen considered presenting the issue to state representatives, though the EMC has the final say on the project’s go-ahead.
“I think there’s just a much better place other than Cape Cod to do it,” said Vice-Chair David Weeden.
“Destroying 170 acres of trees when you have huge, expansive areas cleared already and rather than utilize those areas you’re going to impact 170 acres of trees. It’s Cape Cod, there’s a lot of priority habitats over there.”
The board unanimously voted to draft a letter of concern saying that the town cannot support the current proposal for the range as-is without further information from the National Guard.Directions: Really Good Advice For Getting From Here to There
Regular price $13.00
$0.00
Unit price
per
Sometimes we need a little direction in life, whether to see a problem from a new perspective or confirm a gut feeling. Or maybe we just need a little encouragement- an affirmation that will send us sailing into the day with confidence. Filled with clarity, inspiration, and just the right dose of humor, Directions provides all that and more. And like, a Magic 8 Ball, it’s always ready for a consultation when you need it: What direction do I need):© 2018 Zhangjiagang YUSHENG MachineryAll rights reserved. Site Map Designed by iwonder.cn
This production line is used for continuously producing PE, PP, PVC single-wall and corrugated pipe. Plastic single wall corrugated pipe is resistant to high temperature, corrosion and abrasion, very flexible. They are widely used in field of auto wire, electric wire protection, lamp circuit protection, tubers of air condition and washing machine etc.Combatting My Ignorance About Military Life
I just sent care packages to an Air Force unit and a unit of Marines. The Air Force unit is in Djibouti (which I just now realized is a country in Africa), and the Marines are in Kuwait.
I?Hello,I just got a Suzuki Grand Vitara Sport 4WD a few days ago.Great car! But last night was the first time that I took it out after dark. WHEW! The interior dashboard, radio, gauges, etc looked like a Las Vegas red light district that exploded! " Where are my sunglasses?".Who came up with this " mish-mosh " of colored lights designed to take me back to the sixties? " Where was the Fung Shei guy when the dashboard lighting was being designed?And to top it all off, the audio controls and the cruise control buttons located on the steering wheel have NO backlighting. So I can't see 'em unless I turn the map lights or front cabin light on. Sheeesh, and the people in third world countries think that THEY have problems! Well let me tell you.Oh, the shame of it all. I'll need to actually reach over and use the radio manually.....kinda like losing the remote at home and getting up to change the channel!!! Might as well just leave the station where it is and listen to whatever happens to come on. ( Yawn )...And cruise control after dark?! Forget it. I'll just pull over to the side of the road, sleep until dawn and then continue my trip.Seriously, other than the two above mentioned annoyances, I really like this car. Solid build. Good engine. ( 2.7L 6cyl ). Yeah, the gas mileage is crumby but I couldn't afford a Prius and my 100 pound Labrador Retriever would most likely have balked at my other choice.....a Mini Cooper.Sooooo, after I've had the car for awhile I'll write again and update this review. Thanks for reading. Michael K.Similar ideas popular now
1000 Piece Puzzle. Royal Wedding 1947 - family tree
1000 Piece Jigsaw Puzzle. Family tree showing how Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh are both descended from Queen Victoria. Philip is the son of Princess Alice of Battenburg, who in turn was daughter of Princess Victoria of Hesse, eldest daughter of Princess Alice (second daughter of Queen Victoria). The Queen is descended directly from Alice's brother, King Edward VII. Date: 1947. 1947, ancestry, battenburg, descended, descendents, event, hesse, marriage, marriages, tree,Police have confirmed that the seek for William Tyrrell’s stays has to this point not turned up sufficient bodily proof for anybody to be prosecuted.
The ‘excessive depth’ search by police and forensic consultants in and across the Kendall property of William’s foster grandmother resumes as we speak, as investigators function on a principle the three-year-old fell from the 5metre-high balcony of the property.
William’s foster-mother has emerged as the brand new particular person of curiosity within the boy’s disappearance, police mentioned.
Whereas some commentators have recommended an arrest within the case is imminent, police and authorized sources imagine the proof uncovered to this point is inadequate to face up a case with with the Director of Public Prosecutions, the Sydney Morning Herald reported.
A cadaver canine was taken over an space close to the home the place William Tyrrell disappeared after which the entire scene was lined with massive rolls of black plastic
Police found two items of degraded materials at a dig web site close to Batar Creek Street about 700m from the foster grandmother’s house, with officers evaluating them to a red-and-blue Spider-Man swimsuit
In coming days it is believed police will search a close-by creek on personal land and the street separating bushland from the home the place William was final seen
The backyard mattress of the house beneath the balcony and a close-by part of bushland have been dug up and reduce as police seek for any proof of the kid or the garments he was sporting on the day he went lacking in September 2014.
On Wednesday police found two items of degraded materials at a dig web site close to Batar Creek Street about 700m from the foster grandmother’s house, with officers evaluating them to a red-and-blue Spider-Man swimsuit.
Simply after 2pm on Wednesday uniformed officers and forensic consultants gathered excitedly round a spot within the cleared earth on the web site.
NSW Police Detective Mark Duke pulled a pattern of Spider-Man swimsuit fabric from his pocket together with photos of the lacking three-year-old within the swimsuit he was final seen in.
Mr Duke then in contrast with it with an object unearthed from the bottom. The merchandise prompted police to don gloves, place the merchandise in an proof bag and take it to a parked forensic van.
Nonetheless after some preliminary pleasure, a police spokeswoman swiftly intervened to rule the merchandise was unrelated and never of relevance to the case.
The scene within the entrance backyard of the Kendall property the place William disappeared – the entrance backyard below the balcony was extensively dug up and searched on Tuesday
Specialists Jon Olley (left), a hydrologist, and Tony Lowe (proper), a forensic grave archaeologist, be part of with NSW cops within the search of a patch of bushland close by to the home the place William was final seen in Kendall
Officers sieve backyard materials taken from below the home and the backyard of the Kendall property
Forensic officers use luminol and a blue gentle to search for blood traces on the entrance backyard of the previous house of William Tyrrell’s foster grandmother in Kendall
About 3.15pm, police made a second potential discover which Det. Duke in contrast with a Spider-Man swimsuit picture on his telephone.
He took images on his telephone of the merchandise, which was additionally probably cloth and positioned an proof marker beside it.
Uniformed police appeared to pour a liquid over the merchandise earlier than inserting it in a brown paper bag.
That space and the situation of the primary discover of a degraded piece of patterned cloth has now been pegged with blue plastic flag markers.
A cadaver canine was taken over the world and the entire scene lined with massive rolls of black plastic.
In coming days it is believed police will search a close-by creek on personal land, recognized by professional hydrologist Jon Olley as a potential location for stays, in addition to the street separating bushland from the home the place William was final seen.
Detectives from Strike Pressure Rosann additionally seized a silver Mazda hatchback from a house at Gymea in Sydney’s south below a coronial order every week in the past.
The automobile was taken to a safe facility the place it’s present process intensive forensic examinations and evaluation, which is anticipated to take a number of weeks.
The seizure of the automobile is a part of an investigation into whether or not the toddler’s physique might have been moved from the Kendall property.
William Tyrrell has been lacking from the home of his foster grandmother in Kendall since September 2014
Earlier this 12 months a evaluation into the reliability of forensic proof in Australian felony trials was dropped the Council of Attorneys-Normal.
The announcement of the evaluation was prompted by worldwide research that discovered 5 broadly accepted forensic ‘sciences’, together with bullet, hair, footprint, chunk mark and mixed-sample DNA evaluation – had questions marks over their reliability.
It was feared some folks might have been wrongfully convicted on the idea of forensic proof.
‘We’re fully out of step with different comparable international locations which have requirements that say forensic science proof doesn’t get right into a trial except it’s demonstrably dependable,’ College of NSW legislation Professor Gary Edmond advised the Herald.)tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-7181191856672709259.post1819106249755366612..comments2019-09-21T21:12:50.335+03:00Comments on Magiverse : Top 10 Kickass Female Protagonists Zoey River know, there are just SO many. I had a hard time ...I know, there are just SO many. I had a hard time narrowing it down myself. <br />THANK YOU! I'm so glad you loved it :D <br />Katniss, Kady, Cassie, Juliette, Cinder... they are all just so *epic*, each in her own way. <br /><br />Wow, I don't know anyone or any book you just mentioned :O <br />*going to check them out after this* <br /><br />Thanks again, Shannon! I was so glad to see your comment :D Zoey River this list! I haven't read all of these bo..! <br />! Shannon @ It Starts at Midnight you ^^ Yes, the most important thing for me...Thank you ^^ <br />Yes, the most important thing for me in a protagonist is a strong will. Being strong from the inside is even more important than being strong on the outside. <br / (: Zoey River list Zoey, I'm glad you said that no...Fantastic list Zoey, I'm glad you said that not physically strong characters can also be strong. People always misunderstand that and it upsets me!<br />I saw the movie for Vampire Academy and thought it was sort of fun, is that a good series overall?EstherClear Channel Communications claimed two more radio personalities Monday in the Detroit area.
Renee Vitale, a morning show co-host on 100.3, and Nick Craig, 955's program director and afternoon drive host, have both been fired.
Local 4 is told both were let go because the "show is being taken in another direction."
They are the latest in several layoffs at Detroit-area Clear Channel radio stations.
Related: Radio host Frankie Darcell discusses surprise layoffsWhat Makes Swerve the Everyone Friendly Sweetener?
What Makes Swerve the Everyone Friendly Sweetener?
We believe in delicious, natural, healthy baking and cooking for all.
What is Swerve, anyway?
Swerve is a natural, zero calorie, non-GMO, and low!!
)
There was a lot of noise at night and no one told the noisy parties to keep it down. The…
Location convenient. Room a bit small, but was fine.
Enter dates to check prices
Hotel Info: 1800-687-236 (Australia Toll Free)from A$97
- Suite, 1 King Bed
- Standard Room, 2 Queen Beds
- Standard Room, 1 Queen Bed
- Standard Room, 1 Queen Bed
- Standard Room, 1 King Bed
- Standard Room, 1 Queen Bed
- Standard Room, 1 Queen Bed, Accessible
- Standard Room, 1 Queen Bed, Accessible Carbondale hotels
In the hotel
- Free continental breakfast daily
- 24-hour front desk
- Number of buildings/towers - 1
- Disabled parking
- Accessible path of travel
- Braille or raised signage
-Ronaldo strikes again as Juventus go top with Roma win
ROME: Cristiano Ronaldo continued his superb scoring form as Juventus won 2-1 away to AS Roma on Sunday and moved two points clear at the top of Serie A., and the club confirmed at full-time that the 20-year-old has ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee.
The hosts pulled one back on 68 minutes through a Diego Perotti penalty, before Juve substitute Gonzalo Higuain had a late strike ruled out for offside.
The result leaves Juventus on 48 points at the top of the table at the midway stage of the season, two ahead of Inter Milan, while Roma are fifth on 35 points.
."
Juve were in front after three minutes when Demiral volleyed home a Paulo Dybala delivery.
Dybala then robbed Roma midfielder Jordan Veretout of possession before being hauled down inside the box to earn his side a penalty, which Ronaldo dispatched to give the visitors a dream start.
Juve lost Demiral to injury after 17 minutes, but there were graver concerns for Zaniolo as he was carted off the pitch.
Roma confirmed after full-time that the Italy international will undergo surgery on Monday after rupturing the ACL in his right knee, along with damaging the meniscus.
“This is a bad moment and now Nicolo has to focus only on recovering as quickly as possible," Roma coach Paulo Fonseca told Sky Sport Italia.
"We are sad, but tomorrow is another day."
Edin Dzeko fired a shot off the post midway through the second half before sending a cross to Cengiz Under, whose header was blocked by Juve defender Alex Sandro.
The Brazilian was adjudged to have handled following a Video Assistant Referee (VAR) review, and Perotti sent Wojciech Szczesny the wrong way from 12 yards.
There were late chances at both ends as Ronaldo headed wide from a good position, before Roma midfielder Lorenzo Pellegrini lashed over inside the box.
Earlier, Hellas Verona came from behind to beat Genoa 2-1 and rise to eighth in the standings on 25 points, leaving the relegation battling visitors stranded in 18th place with 14 points.An official website of the United States government
December 30, 2010
Volunteer workers who were fatally injured on the job during the 2003–07 period were more likely to be either younger (under age 25) or older (over age 55) than paid workers who were fatally injured during the same 5-year period.
Among the 287 volunteer workers who were fatally injured on the job from 2003 to 2007, almost two-fifths (111) were 55 years of age or older, whereas about one-quarter of the paid workers killed on the job during the 2003–07 period were in that age group. These numbers may be explained by older workers’ propensity to volunteer for more hours per year.
Individuals age 55 years and older make up 25 to 30 percent of all volunteers and spend more time performing volunteer activities than volunteers as a whole (all age groups combined). Volunteers in the 55- to 64-year age group spent 58 hours per year on volunteer activities, and those who were age 65 years and older spent 96 hours per year volunteering.
These data are from the Census of Fatal Occupational Injuries (CFOI), which is part of the BLS Injuries, Illnesses, and Fatalities program. CFOI compiles a count of all fatal work injuries occurring in the United States during a given calendar year. Hours figures for volunteers are from the Current Population Survey. To learn more, see "Fatal Occupational Injuries to Volunteer Workers, 2003–07" in the December issue of Compensation and Working Conditions Online.
Bureau of Labor Statistics, U.S. Department of Labor, The Economics Daily, Fatal occupational injuries among volunteer workers, 2003–07 at (visited November 26, 2021).I’ve replaced my breakfast, which is not the most important meal of the day, and which I probably wasn’t going to eat anyway, with a Vega Shake. I fell down the rabbit hole of macronutrient ratios back in 2013, and the stats here are kind of amazing. A gram of protein or more per 10 calories (depending on the flavor), plus six grams of fiber, 3 servings of vegetables, and good amounts of Omega-3, probiotics, vitamins, and illusive potassium.
Vega is available in tubs, pouches, and individual serving packets, though the latter is of course less cost-effective (but way more convenient). It’s also dairy-free, gluten-free, soy free, and has no sugar added. It’s available in multiple flavors and you may want to pick up a blender bottle for easy mixing.The rise of the Courier, Express and Parcel (CEP) industry has made a significant impact on the shipping industry as a whole, effectively transforming a relatively predictable brick-and-mortar B2B-based … 
Package Delivery
Changing the Delivery Landscape
Posted by Thomas Laboulle on | Featured
Tags: APIs, Last Mille, Package Delivery, Shipping, SMSBuro 24/7 Search
(724) articles found
Livestream: Watch Chloe's Spring/Summer '21 show from Paris Fashion Week
Now open: Louis Vuitton's newly renovated store in The Dubai Mall
Rimowa launches new colourway for your next getaway
Dubai-based brands, Halm and Kristina Fidelskaya, team up for an exclusive collection
Cult accessories brand BY FAR launches an exclusive range for Level Shoes
Salvatore Ferragamo launches exclusive pieces for the Middle East
Watch now: Travis Scott fronts the Air Dior capsule collection
Go on an escape with Valentino's new capsule collection
PrettyLittleThing officially launches in the UAE
Sephora confirms the ban of mink eyelashes
Now open: Axel Arigato launches pop-up in Level Shoes
REDValentino launches exclusive pieces for Dubai
It's all about the raw and the refined in Alexander McQueen's Pre-Fall '20 collection
Experience a Sicilian jungle at the heart of Dubai, courtesy of Dolce & Gabbana
Henry Jacques launched a home delivery service just in time for the Eid celebrations
"It's just tragic that a fear-filled virus had to come along for this necessary pause to finally happen" – Rozan Ahmed
How celebrity piercer Maria Tash is spending her time in self-isolation
Valentino taps Dubai-based artist Abdulla Elmaz for achingly cool animations
Louis Vuitton launches e-commerce platform in the UAE
Get caught up: All of the fashion news you missed this weekend
"It's a challenge – for Bvlgari and for everyone," says Bvlgari CEO, Jean Christophe Babin, on the COVID-19 pandemic
Loro Piana launches an exclusive capsule collection for Dubai
How to Change WordPress Themes
Both themes and plugins are essential to the WordPress platform. Fortunately, they’re usually simple to install and use. However, changing your active theme isn’t simply a matter of clicking a button.
In fact, there’s plenty to consider before you activate a new theme. For example, you’ll need to select the theme you’ll use carefully, and take some vital steps such as backing up your current site.
In this article, we’ll walk you through how to change your WordPress theme. Before that, let’s cover the very basics – starting with what themes actually are!
What Is a Theme?
In a nutshell, a WordPress theme is a visual template for your site. It can also add new features, but you’ll mainly use a theme to determine how your site looks, before extending its functionality using plugins.
Usually, you’ll stick with the theme you’ve chosen for a long time – it’s not something you want to change on a whim. This is because specific design elements related to the theme will disappear once you make the switch, and you may need to do some work to get your site looking right again.
However, many WordPress users do change their active theme at some point, in order to introduce a fresh design or incorporate desired features. If that’s something you’re thinking of doing, you’ll want to choose your new theme carefully.
What to Look For in a Theme
Picking the wrong theme can hamper your site’s ability to reach its goals. Fortunately, choosing a solid option isn’t hard. Here’s what you’ll want to look for:
- Compatibility with all major browsers. You obviously want to reach as many people as possible, and ensuring that your site is visible on all browsers across multiple devices helps.
- Plugin support. Some themes have been coded with certain plugins in mind. Therefore, you’ll want to ensure that your essential plugins are compatible with the new theme.
- Page builder integration. Page builders make it simple to perfect your website’s layout, so ascertaining whether your favorite tool works with your theme is essential.
In addition, you’ll want to make sure the support channels available from the developer are top-notch, just in case you need assistance. Usually, the reviews and ratings for the theme will help to indicate the quality of its support.
Finally, you’ll also want to ensure that the theme has been coded with Search Engine Optimization (SEO) in mind, and that it’s mobile-friendly. Fortunately, most themes now take both of these aspects into account.
Things to Do Before Switching Themes
As we mentioned earlier, changing your theme isn’t a one-step process. In fact, there are a number of aspects to consider before getting started. You’ll want to:
- Make a backup. We’ll discuss how to do this shortly, but needless to say, this should be the very first thing you do.
- Ensure that you record any custom changes you’ve made. This mainly refers to any Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) code, or additional PHP within the functions.php file.
- Check your analytics and tracking features. Make sure to copy over any codes you’ll need to keep third-party connections active.
In fact, the more you do here to make sure every aspect of your site is unaffected by the change, the better the transition will go. So we’d advise running a fine-tooth comb over your site, so you know everything will make the jump unharmed.
How to Change Your WordPress Theme
At this point, let’s talk about how to actually switch your WordPress theme. The steps are pretty simple, and we’ll walk you through each one.
Step 1: Back up Your Site
Before you do anything else, make sure you have a full site backup in place. This is absolutely vital, mainly because if something goes wrong, you’ll have a clean restore point to work from.
Fortunately, we’ve previously covered how to back up your site in detail. In that article, we looked at a number of different methods that might work, depending on your expertise and resources. We’d advise you to work through whichever technique is more convenient for you before moving onto the second step.
Step 2: Navigate to Your WordPress Themes Section
Now you’re ready to change your theme. To get started, head to Appearance > Themes within WordPress:
Here, you’ll see a list of all your currently-installed themes. Your active theme will be clearly highlighted:
What you do next depends on whether your new theme can be found in the WordPress Theme Directory, or whether you’ve bought a premium theme elsewhere. Regardless, click the Add New button, and move on to the next phase.
Step 3: Install Your WordPress Theme
To choose from the thousands of free themes that are available, simply search for one using the drop-down menus on the Add Themes page:
If you’ve bought a premium theme, on the other hand, you’ll be provided with a ZIP file. This can be installed by using the Upload Theme link on the same page, and then using the Choose File dialog to locate the file:
Either way, once you’ve found or uploaded your desired theme, you’ll just need to click on the relevant Install button. WordPress will work its magic, and you’re almost done!
Step 4: Activate Your New WordPress Theme
The final step is to activate your theme. For premium themes, you’ll usually see an activation link on a confirmation screen, after the installation process is complete.
If not, you can view all of your currently installed themes by heading back to the Appearance > Themes screen. To apply a new one, simply hover over it and click on the Activate button:
Once that’s finished, you can check out your new theme on the front end of your site. It should be up and running, and looking pretty good. However, if there are any issues, you’ll want to check out the next section.
Most Common Mistakes Made When Changing WordPress Themes
Changing your WordPress theme might not always go to plan. Here are two of the most common issues that can occur, along with how to rectify them.
White Screen of Death
First up, the White Screen of Death (WSoD) is arguably the most frustrating error within WordPress. This is because you’ll be faced with a blank screen, without any indication of what’s wrong.
Usually, this error is due to a compatibility issue you haven’t discovered yet. Fortunately, the fix is straightforward, albeit time-consuming. We’ve actually covered how to resolve the WSoD over on the Torque blog, so check out that article if you run into this error.
Changing URLs and Everything 404s
The Settings > Permalinks screen can help you solve many theme-switching issues, namely ugly URLs (i.e. those that use random character strings) and 404 errors. Admittedly, these problems are both usually associated with new installations, but we have seen them occur with theme changes.
The good news is that by navigating to the Permalinks screen, you can select a new, ‘prettier’ permalink structure:
If you’re also seeing 404 errors after switching themes, simply clicking Save Changes here and checking out your site again should resolve the issue.
Get Support for More Common WordPress Questions from WP Engine
A quality and reliable host is arguably the best foundation for your site, regardless of the theme you choose. Here at WP Engine, we offer both that and a stellar support team. Plus, there are plenty of other WordPress tips and tricks to be found in our Resource Center – check it out for all manner of helpful tidbits!Cookies,!
Food Writing Archive
This category could be about anything having to do with food: Food Haiku, Limericks, Contests, Essays, Trips down memory line, musings about life... whatever strikes my fancy, and doesn't fit into the other categories
Food as fuel or foolish for food? Eat to live or live to eat?
By Marshall ManningFood as fuel or foolish for food. Eat to live or live to eat. Bottle in front of me or frontal lobotomy. Well, maybe not the last one. There are doubtless more ways to describe the two major food groups (of people) and the gulf which separates their basic attitudes toward the commodities we chew, sip and swallow.More difficult to understand is why one … [Read more...] about Food as fuel or foolish for food? Eat to live or live to eat?
I’ll Gladly Pay You Tomorrow for a Hamburger Today
When I look back on some of the earliest times of my life, I realize that I was born to be a food geek. It is no wonder I spend most of my time these days eating and writing about food.At twelve I was a bit of a skateboard nut, quite stupid, and usually hungry. I am sure I would be 300 pounds today if it weren’t for the lengths which I would go to just for a good hamburger. … [Read more...] about I’ll Gladly Pay You Tomorrow for a Hamburger Today
A Legacy of Taste – How I Learned To Enjoy Food
"Herb Caen once noted that the Blue Fox served radicchio salad 35 years before it became trendy" When I was very young, my parents took the family to The Blue Fox restaurant in San Francisco. It's long gone, but at the time it was considered one of the better restaurants in the United States. Looking back, I can’t imagine what they were thinking taking children to a restaurant … [Read more...] about A Legacy of Taste – How I Learned To Enjoy FoodTecno Pova 2 Preview: Tecno is upgrading the Pova
Tecno Pova 2 Preview: The Tecno Pova is no doubt a good replacement of the Tecno Pouvoir series. It come with better specs compare to the previous line up. While it still maintains the traditional big battery and display, Tecno Mobile added gaming chipset to the Pova.
So practically speaking, the Tecno Pova line up is the gaming smartphones of the company. Now there are talks of a Tecno Pova and it even promises to offer more.
See Also: Top 10 Hidden features of Tecno Pova You Should Start Using
According to Maii_HD on Twitter, the Tecno Pova 2 is around the corner and it’s going to be something to look out for.
Tecno Pova 2 Preview Specs
The incoming Tecno Pova 2 is expected to maintain the IPS LCD display with 6.9 inch. But, it will come with a full HD 1080p resolution which is better than the 720p of the Tecno Pova.
There is also going to be a plastic back, plastic frame and glass front. If the news so far is correct, there will be a MediaTek Helio G90T gaming chipset which is even better than the Helio G80 of the Pova.
See Also: Tecno Pova Teardown: Inside Review Shows Tecno is getting it Right
It will likely maintain the 128GB internal storage and 8GB RAM. While in the software category you should expect to see Android 11 installed (Tecno might surprise us with Android 10).
A 6000mAh battery with USB type-C and rear mounted fingerprint will be available. We don’t have news regarding the camera features but there might be a total of five cameras.
See AAlso: Latest Tecno Phones: Complete List Of New Tecno Phones and Their Prices
From the Tecno Pova 2 preview, the phone retain same design as its predecessor but has more power inside. It will come better chipset, has better performance, better display and recent software.
This new Tecno Pova is expected to come by first quarter of 2021. More details will be unveiled with time. What do you think about the Tecno Pova? What is your experience using one? Tell us via the comment section below.Tag Archives: plus size
A Look In The Mirror and Thoughts on Self Acceptance
This is me. As I am today. Last week, I told my fiance to tell me if I ever have a pimple because I don’t look in the mirror anymore. It made me pause and think. When was the last time I took a good look at myself? And I don’t mean figuratively or introspectively […]
Posted in Life, Like a Bird, reflections Also tagged beauty, good enough, image, introspection, me, mirror, self, self esteem, self image, thoughts 2 CommentsGreat start to Herts Start Up Programme
I was impressed with the extensive knowledge and exciting ideas from both Mark and Mel and I came away with a headful of new thoughts. Please can you extend my appreciation to both men for inspiring me in my new business?
That is what Elisabeth Grover of The Garden Sanctuary said after her first one to one meeting as she embarked on the 12 hour Herts Start Up programme
The 12 hours of support might consist of:
- 2 hr business advice meeting with an experienced business adviser
- Assistance with registering the business with HMRC and Companies House
- Attend Business Planning workshop (6 hrs)
- Attend a training course of your choice (2 hrs) from our forthcoming events
- Final 2 hrs – you choose: attend another training workshop or have a free business advice follow upForever Logan?Microsoft just announced the release of Windows 8 and put the date at October 26th. So far, it’s already signed off copies of the system to manufacturers, so we’re expecting that they’re practically done with the entire operating system. Before they launch, it’s a best practice to have a look into the good, bad, and ugly side of the operating system before you think about getting yourself a clean copy or upgrade. In light of this, we’re going to lay out the pros and cons completely for you so you can decide whether you want this running on your computer.
Windows 8 Pros
Here are some of the things that we can look forward to in Windows 8:
The Metro Interface
OK, so there are a lot of people complaining about the Metro UI, and I also have a few grievances in that department, but we will get to that soon. All in all, there are a few positive things about it. First of all, I like the idea of having icons display useful information that I otherwise would have had to open the app for. In a traditional desktop environment, you have to open an app to see the information that it presents. Many, if not most, Metro apps allow you to see information related to them without even clicking a button. That’s quite a plus, honestly. Another positive thing about the Metro UI is the horizontal emphasis it has with scrolling. I like to read left-to-right, and this completely emphasizes that dire need.
Performance
Unlike with every other new release of Windows that required more and more resources, Windows 8 does a good job at keeping resource hunger to a minimum. It uses a lot less of my RAM, and so does Microsoft’s new Office 15. So far, so good!
The Task Manager
The new task manager within Win8 is much more user-friendly, provides more information, and has more transparency than the previous versions. You might recall having to search for some mystery process in the task manager to shut it off. Now, you get the full name of processes and how many network and disk resources they’re using, whereas the older task manager showed you only half the story along with a bunch of details no one wants to see.
It’s Less Glassy
I know this is arbitrary, but for me, the Aero system was wonderful. The only problem was that the title bars took up more space than necessary and I could do without all the glassy effects. Windows 8 removes this by adding another kind of desktop interface that has square corners, smaller space occupation, and more emphasis on performance rather than presentation.
Now that we’ve covered the pros, let’s cover what’s ugly.
Windows 8 Cons
Windows 8 presents a lot of wonderful new additions, but I think it’s our duty to also discuss things that makes everyone ponder on what Microsoft was thinking about. So, here are the cons so far:
Where Did Aero Flip Go?
Some keyboard manufacturers even made keyboards to implement Aero Flip. It’s gone now! This was one of the things I used to quickly switch between windows, and now that key along with my productivity have gone down the drain. One of the ways to reach Aero flip was through the “Win+Tab” keys. I had to press only one key, and the interface came up. My mouse had a second wheel for this also. It’s now useless in Windows 8.
The Metro Interface, Again
There are pros to it, but we can’t forget how much it looks like it was put together without much thought of the consequences. Metro has its downside. It looks like a busy street with all the icons plastered all over the interface. It’s also rather cheesy to have differently-sized tiles all over the place. It’s not Tetris. It’s my computer.
No Start Button
This one’s self-explanatory. I’d rather hit the Start menu without having to be forced to use the Metro interface. In fact, besides a Start menu, I’d also like the ability to start the computer on one interface or the other by default. It’s an annoying extra 4 seconds to have to look for the desktop icon and click it whenever I turn on the computer and want to open Chrome.
Powering Off Is Like Exploring a Maze
So, I was reviewing the Consumer Preview of Windows 8 here at Make Tech Easier, and when I was done, I wanted to shut down Windows. Guess what? If I click the new Start, I end up directed to a screen with no “shut down” option. After growing two new gray hairs, I finally found out that I have to go on the top right corner of the screen, stay there for like a second, click “Settings,” and shut off the computer from there. Those extra steps really make the whole thing seem like Microsoft doesn’t want me to shut down the computer.
Back to Windows 95?
Does the color scheme makes you feel that you are back to the Windows 95 era? You are not alone.
Conclusion?
I am not sure if I am going to incline either way. For the sake of neutrality, I’d say it’s up to you to decide. As for me, the pros outweigh the cons severely and I’d rather just upgrade and stick to what’s new, because that’s part of my job. If it’s not for you, there are obviously good reasons for that, and hopefully Microsoft can address what was written here in the “Cons” section. Some of them are kind of irritating, but as I said, the pros may well outweigh the cons. Leave your impressions in the comments section!
Rebecca says
This is interesting! I also like the aero in vista and 7. Too bad it isn’t there. I have seen videos for windows 8 and I think reading articles and watching videos from other people is a good idea before you start using it yourself for the first time. It would be easier and less frustrating for other people. For example, shutting down the computer was hard to find, but finding out about windows 8 would be so much easier once you find where it is ahead of time by reading or watching videos.
Marc says
Very cool and informative. But what about Windows Media Player?
Tom says
I tried the consumer preview of Windows 8 and honestly I think it is a huge mistake. Metro is a disaster. I don’t do social media stuff (yeah, no facebook, twitter, etc). And I do not trust “cloud computing”, so half if not most of the standard Metro stuff is irrelevant to me. Metro might be usable for a touch device, but for laptop and desktop, no way. And the layout and color scheme looks to have been designed by PlaySchool. One of Microsofts goals was to make things more intuitive, but NOT. I have been in the computer industry since the 80’s, and I could not figure out how to shut the thing down. Had to Google it. Intuitive, hah.
Perhaps Windows 8 will appeal to some people, but business will avoid it just as they avoided Vista. Its too bad, because I thought that Microsoft did a brilliant job with Seven. And it is not just Microsoft, I think Apple is making the same mistakes. I have two Macs (in addition to multiple Windows machines), and I am not making the change to Lion or Mountain Lion – I will stay with Snow Leopard.
Miguel Leiva-Gomez says
Personally, I think that both Microsoft and Apple are missing the point. Instead of appealing as much as they can to the consumer, the companies are both engaging in battle between each other rather than serving the masses. This makes them get in a hurry to release stuff that doesn’t really appear even half-done. I totally agree with you on that.
As for your distrust of Cloud, it’s understandable. There are a couple of security issues associated. However, there are some Cloud services that use military-grade encryption and are much safer to use than traditional services. The Cloud industry should be standardized for the same compliance regulations large corporations have to hop through.
John Kemp says
I totally agree with Tom. Couldn’t have put it better myself!
ShortTermMemory says
MIlItary grade encryptIon? Is that the same MIlItary responsIble for the loss of otherwIse top-secret satellIte plans somehow “fallIng” Into the hands of the ChInese, not so long ago?
Miguel Leiva-Gomez says
AES 256-bit encryption has nothing to do with that. No one in history has broken it. That’s what I’m talking about. Government leaks have nothing to do with algorithms used in their infrastructure.
Jase says
I think from Microsoft’s standpoint, any benefit to the end-user from Windows 8, is an accidental by-product of them benefiting themselves. They have a long history of trying force things down consumer throats without necessarily listening to their customer’s wishes/needs. Windows 8 definitely has some pluses, but also many minuses… particularly in a desktop/enterprise environment, where productivity is being emphasized. Social networking is definitely here, but to emphasize it in an office environment?
As far as cloud computing… well, it definitely offers a number of advantages, but also is a security nightmare with severe privacy issues. If the government wishes to examine your stored data (for whatever reason) – a warrant is rarely required nowadays. Of course, if you have nothing to hide… Not to mention, who has ever had online data lost and/or has lost their internet connection for an extended period of time? Inconvenience doesn’t begin to describe those headaches.
Miguel Leiva-Gomez says
Although I’m a neutral person and don’t hate neither Microsoft or Apple, I think this is a perfect example of what Microsoft did wrong and Apple did right. I don’t think there’s a need to emphasize a tablet-like environment within a desktop computer. The desktop version of Windows 8 shouldn’t include Metro, since it’s superfluous. Some aspects could have been infused into the desktop into an application environment, not necessarily written into the operating system’s core.
Apple did it right in the sense that it separated the tablet from the iMac and the MacBook. These things are separate entities and Apple wouldn’t even ponder on the implementation of iOS features and apps within a MacBook.
Here’s ONE thing I think Microsoft did right, though: It allows you to use the apps you like on your tablet within your PC. But… Couldn’t it have implemented these things anyway within a desktop environment without having to force people to use it every time they start their computers? In theory, it sounds cool, but in practice, it could spell disaster. It’s a shame, too, because some other things about Windows 8 are amazing and very impressive.
Personally, I’m upgrading the operating system; not because I have to continue writing articles about Windows 8 in this site, but because I think the benefits definitely outweigh the nastiness of being forced to use Metro. What I mean by “forced” doesn’t imply that I don’t want to use Metro, but I certainly don’t want to have to use it every time I click “Start.”
Couldn’t Metro have easily been accessed from a traditional Start menu? I mean, if I were the one behind the project, I’d have the user click the Start button and see an “Enter Metro” button right below where “Control Panel” would be.
This would take care of people with slow computers that don’t want to bother with waiting for the computer to switch between two completely contrasting interfaces. It’s absurd and, I think, a move that clearly shows that Microsoft was in a hurry to try to trump the likes of its competition. It’s a clear example of putting your competitors first before your customers. That finishes off companies faster than not paying taxes.
Miguel Leiva-Gomez says
Also, this is one of the reasons why I’m in the middle of writing an article here that will be published Monday. It’s called “Reclaim Your Start Menu In Windows 8 With One Of Three Applications.” If approved for publication under its current title, it will show you three apps that can give you that Windows 7 feel back.
Karl says
I’ve tried to use Windows 8, reeeally… but quite apart from the issue of not being able to figure out how to shut the thing off (the start button does so much more than stop the OS), I do NOT have a tablet – I have a desktop computer.
Windows 8 is designed to be used with a touch screen… and this is simply not the best interface for many typical users. Trying to come to terms with all the extra steps, and which corner of the screen to move the mouse to, whether to hold, to “drag”, or just sit for a few (interminably long) seconds hardly seems to be any sort of improvement to a simple click of the mouse – and far less intuitive!
Good software should improve, that is, bring benefits to the users… perhaps microsoft needs to remember this?
While Apple struggles with its own idea of how we should perform,,, Linux and Android appear to understand that what the end user wants is what is important – I have been very impressed with the panache of the latest iteration of Ubuntu
joe says
I’ve been using Windows 8 for a little over a month on one of my laptops. If you think of the metro interface as the start button that is open to begin, it makes more sense. Still, I would prefer to skip metro most of the time. There is still a lot to learn about Win 8. for example, to shut down you can hover your mouse at the lower right corner as well as the upper right. this is closer to the power button. I would like to see an option to default to the desktop, but that seems like a trivial bother to me, given the pluses mentioned in former posts.
Miguel Leiva-Gomez says
Stick around, then! We’ll have an article on Monday that will bring that Start menu back! :)
Brian says
I doubt that I will be changing from Win 7 anytime soon. I remember going from Vista to Win 7 — some programs worked, some didn’t. My biggest surpise was that my HP Laserjet with scanning capability didn’t have drivers to support the scanning feature, one of the more useful aspects of a multi-function printer. So ended up having to buy a new multi-function printer to be able to resume scanning. The printer cost more than the program. I won’t be making any move to Win 8 for fear of losing compatibility with the programs I use daily, from security, password, dictation, and others.
Miguel Leiva-Gomez says
Windows 7’s applications all will work with Windows 8. The desktop environment hasn’t changed much. I don’t think you would have to worry about this aspect at all. I understand your fear, though. There were scary complications in the transition because Vista drivers generally, well, sucked. That’s not the case with Seven, and Windows 8 incorporates their structure with a couple of added APIs for HAL interaction with Metro. You’re going to be alright :)
jenz says
well here’s one issue. I have a HP k109a printer with a Win7 driver that runs flawlessly on Windows 7. I’m currently running Windows 8 Consumer Preview on a VHD. I installed that same driver on the Windows 8 without a hitch but whenever I try to print anything, it just don’t work. I also can’t share the printer on the network, (the share button is missing). Windows shows that the printer is online but that’s it. Finally, out of frustration, I used a generic driver and the printer worked. I gave-up on Windows 8 after that. There’s just too much frustration. From the Metro UI down to shutting down. IMO, the cons outweigh the pros here (I really love WinFlip and now it’s gone?! that’s another nail to the Windows 8 coffin for me). I’m think i’m gonna skip Windows 8 for now and wait for Windows 9.
jenz says
By the way, I’m a Graphic Artist by profession and I think its also interesting to note that my Genius G-Pen M712X Graphic Tablet and WACOM Bamboo Tablet drivers also installed without a problem. But using them was a disappointment. The pen moved too jerkily across the screen to get any job done and there weren’t any alternative generic driver that worked with my graphic tablets. I tried fiddling with the settings of both tablets to get the precision i wan’t but to no avail. I hope this is just a temporary problem with drivers not being compatible with Windows 8 and would be fixed when manufacturers have had the time to update their drivers but until then, I would be sticking with Windows 7. (To be fair, Windows 8 does feel snappier than Windows 7 but i think i can live with the performance ‘downgrade’ than live without my graphic tablets and printers)
Miguel Leiva-Gomez says
I wouldn’t hop into installing drivers on a new OS yet. Companies have to first work out the kinks in their current drivers. But yeah, I’m sorry to hear all the issues you have. Hey, I think Seven is still a great option for those not wanting to move onto Eight. The problem is I don’t think Windows 9 is going to be much different. Microsoft is a stubborn company.
Jake Moskowitz says
Excellent point; I have the same problem with Windows 7 on a networked HP printer that works on Win-XP, and my brother-in-law had the same problem with Vista. In both cases, vast amounts of time were wasted in vain attempts to solve the problem. So my wife has to come downstairs to print from my PC; brilliant, huh ? Just the kind of ease and simplicity that computers were meant to give us !
This is one of the key issues that people don’t think about when they buy a new PC for their home network; If you buy a new PC every couple of years, you will get a new version of Windows which could render your perfectly good printer/scanner/fax useless. I wonder how much perfectly good hardware gets added to landfills because people get bamboozled into jumping aboard the Microsoft marketing treadmill.
Faizan Ali says
For the first time in my life i’ll actually ‘”Buy” Windows and its gonna be Windows 8 and for PC
because i downloaded the Previews and they were fast as a blink of an eye great work Microsoft.
Miguel Leiva-Gomez says
That’s how I also feel. I think the front end was kind of messed up, but the backend work is amazing. Performance-wise, it flies way past Seven.
cliff stillman says
Lets face it .how ever you want to spin it microsoft 8 sucks & it wont be installed on any of my computers after trying the consumer preview.Sorry MS you Fn blew it!!!
LarryF says
One of the very first things I do when I install an OS on my computer is change the wallpaper to something I can tolerate for extended periods. In Windows 8, the computer opens on an ugly screen that can’t be changed to look like anything better, although you can add or remove the tiles on it. You can get to a traditional desktop if you do certain things, and presumably you can set wallpaper on that, but the computer doesn’t stay on it, and you can’t set the computer to open on it.
Why couldn’t MS implement the metro tiles as a sidebar on the traditional desktop, with full control of which tiles are displayed? Was that too much to ask? What good is a computer if I can’t stand what it looks like when I turn it on?
I also agree about the shutdown/ restart being hidden. One of the things I hated most about Macs was that in earlier versions, the shutdown command was hidden in the menu and was not easy to find. Why would MS want to emulate that?
Draclvr says
I’ve been using the Windows 8 Previews since they were released and although my first impressions were not positive, I kept an open mind. Now, I really like it. While the “cons” are legitimate, they can be gotten around in a snap. I’m strictly a desktop user and build computers for myself and other.
First thing I do with any new OS installation is customize it to my preferences. I did the same with Windows 8. LarryN, you are wrong in saying you can’t change the (formerly known as Metro) interface. I have mine grouped in categories with titles like Connect, Apps, Computer and Games. You can change the sizes of the tiles and turn the live tile option on and off. I agree that the default (formerly known as Metro) interface was butt ugly, but I quite like mine now. And to address Miguel’s thought that he has to switch to the desktop interface to use something like Chrome, that’s not quite right. I simply added a Chrome tile to the (formerly known as Metro) side. Actually, I have all three of my browsers represented on that side in addition to my Windows Live Mail. I use the screenshots a lot in my work assisting the elderly with their computer issues, so I have tiles for the Snipping Tool and Paint for quick access. If I were so inclined, I could stay on the (formerly known as Metro) side quite easily.
But, since I am NOT so inclined, I have a tile for the desktop or I can tap the Windows key. On the desktop side, I installed a third party app to restore my Start button. I tried to not need my Start button; I really did! But, sorry Microsoft, I’ve gotta have it! I’m looking forward to Miguel’s next article about this subject. This Start button application has a shut down option. But it’s still too many clicks for me – call me lazy, but 3 clicks is too many to simply shut down! So, in less than 30 seconds, I created a little shut down command that only takes one click. Then I also added it to the (formerly known as Metro) side as a tile in my Computer category.
So, just like every other OS, I’ve found Windows 8 to be very customizable with just a little effort. However, where I will draw the line is the latest report that the final release of Windows 8 forces you to boot into the (formerly known as Metro) interface. Maybe that’s what I want and maybe it isn’t. When choices are taken away from me, I get testy!
Miguel Leiva-Gomez says
Yep, those are the problems. Sure, Metro is kind of ugly, but I care more about function than form, and it performs miles ahead of Windows 7. I don’t know how I’d feel about Metro after prolonged use, though. It’s like one of those antibiotics that can’t be used more than a week.
Bill W. says
I tried win8 for a couple of weeks being an habitual test program downloader the inevitable happened I had a serious crash and the only fix was nuke and pave with clean install.
after trying for 2 days to reinstall my genealogy programs I gave up went back to 7 .
the problem I am convinced was either the cloud connection by way of live acct. or the disk I used did not preinstall the proper dll and or drivers as I also was never able to install my usb laser printer. my conclusion this all may be addressed with the final release or shortly after we will see.
Thanks
Bill
Miguel Leiva-Gomez says
Ouch! It’s good that you say this, Bill. It’s necessary to also hear negative feedback from people who have tried the operating system and had a crash. I was kind of wondering if anyone had these kinds of issues.
LarryG says
Hi Draclvr,
Can you put a pic of your re-configured desktop into a link? I’d be interested in seeing what it looks like. Thanks.
Draclvr says
You bet, Larry. I’ll see what I can do…
Draclvr says
Larry, see if this works for you. Photobucket has a lot of ads to wade through, but hopefully the screenshot will be there.¤t=Windows8Medium.jpg
I have gleaned information on customizing Windows 8 from a few sources, but the best one was Ed Bott’s article titled, “The Metro Hater’s Guide to Customizing Windows 8.” It was written for the Consumer Preview, but also works in the Release Preview.
Don M says
Well, I just bought a new desktop a month or two ago, Win 7. I could have waited another year, the system I was using is five years old (Vista) and working fine, though occasionally I have some issues with it. I’m computer savvy enought to solve most problems. Initially, when I heard a new version of Windows was in the works I thought I’d probably wait for it, but the first day I saw the new Win 8 “start screen” if that’s what you call it, I knew that wasn’t going to happen.
I’m a senior citizen now, but I spend 6-10 hours just about every day on my computer, a DESKTOP! I have neither plans nor desire to change that. When I travel I use a laptop (as I’m doing right now), but it is no substitute for my home computer.
I worked for a while as a computer tech, spent years in systems development, and built a lot of my own computers, until I realized the parts were costing me more than a custom build by someone else. I understand them I think.
But Win 8 looks to me a lot like “FIXING SOMETHING THAT AIN’T BROKE!” I understand that MS needs to develop a spiffy new product to stay in the ball game with tablets, smart phones and such (neither of which I own or have enough desire for to pay the price of the wi-fi, let alone the hardware). But in the process they seem to have decided to send the desktop to the trash bin, perhaps hoping that no one will notice.
Sorry MS, I have a message for you: I LOVE MY DESKTOP! And no postage stamp sized little screen is going to replace my 23 inch monitor! And I don’t want to have to peer through greasy fingerprint smudges to see it! My mouse pointer is the perfect tool. I want my start screen with my own personal picture on it, which I can change whenever I want, and the 30 or so icons on it. I don’t need “information relating to them,” I know what every one is and does. But the real bottom line is, I don’t want to re-learn everything about using a computer from scratch, after 16 years or more learning the skills I have now.
Obviously, despite all the negative press Win 8 has gotten, at this point it’s going to happen. So I can only hope for one thing, that MS GOES BANKRUPT OR SO CLOSE TO IT THEY FINALLY REALIZE PEOPLE WON’T ROLL OVER AND PLAY DEAD!
In the meantime, much as I have always despised Apple, I’m assuming the next computer I buy will be made by them, assuming they decide to continue making REAL computers along with all their toys. But just for insurance, much as it pains me to give MS another cent, I may buy another copy of Win 7 just in case I need to build another computer that I can actually use.
OK, all the kids are probably laughing, I suspect the silent majority are shaking their heads in agreement.
Miguel Leiva-Gomez says
I’m a “kid,” (24 years old and the writer of this article) and I agree with you for the most part. Microsoft was in a hurry to get this into market. I have a 23 and 24 inch monitor and am loving it. I think that the tablet and desktop versions of Windows should be developed separately. I have no idea why they were designed all in the same pot. It’s absolutely puzzling and I think that Microsoft will pay for it in the form of disappointment from desktop fans. What you say reflects a lot of what kids are also saying. You can still have a little hope in the younger generation, my friend :)
Draclvr says
I’m also a senior citizen, specifically a Grandmother who will be eligible for Medicare next month! How the hell did THAT happen?! I’ve been retired from state government for 3 years and I’m on my computer several hours a day. If I’m not on my own computer, I volunteer my time working on computers for other senior citizens. My oldest is 89 years old and she loves the Windows 7 computer I built for her.
I also LOVE my desktop and when I’m using my Windows 8 OS, that’s pretty much where I stay. My grandkids know that Grandma gets really mad if they touch my beautiful 22″ ViewSonic monitor. There will never be fingerprints on mine either. But that doesn’t stop me from using Windows 8 on the desktop side in exactly the same way I use my Windows 7 OS. It look the same, works the same, feels the same… but the whole OS is faster than my Windows 7 (on the same hardware, by the way) by a very large factor.
Many people are resurrecting older laptops and desktops with Windows 8 because it is so light and fast, it makes these same computers which used to run XP run like spring chickens. I have an 88 year old woman who installed Windows 8 on a 5 year old Dell laptop and she is delighted with it. I helped her set it up so that she seldom uses the (formerly known as Metro) side, but she is comfortable with that now too and thoroughly enjoys many of the apps.
I agree that the jury is still out on how this release is going to shake out, but I think there’s at least a chance that it will do just fine.
Dianne Andres says
Yes-Yes-Yes—–I agree
I’m a senior, but not with your computer expertise. I use a desktop, and I have no desire to get a laptop.
I’ll stay with Windows 7–why fix what isn’t broken?
Draclvr says
And that’s exactly the advice I’m giving people – just stick with Windows 7 which many of them are just now getting comfortable with.
I don’t think this is a fix for something that’s broken, but rather a much needed move to keep up with the changes in technology which are moving faster than the speed of sound. I’ll never keep up with the youngsters – like Miguel :) – but I’m extremely interested in everything that some of the new technology has to offer. I just find it all really interesting…
Miguel Leiva-Gomez says
By all means, stick with it. I know I will definitely be using the desktop part of Windows 8 a lot more. To me, Metro is kind of superfluous and a bit of a toy. I don’t necessarily like it a whole lot.
Ken P says
I used xp from 2003 for as long as I could, because it did everything that I wanted it to and also because I was alarmed by the horror stories about its replacement. I had previously stuck with Windows 98, skipping Millennium Edition, for exactly the same reasons. I eventually moved on from xp, because I bought a new pc, just as Win7 was being released, and the early reviews were favourable. Like xp, Win7 has done everything I need it to and there will have to be a good reason for me to change it.
I don’t have a smartphone or a tablet and don’t plan to buy either anytime soon. I also use dual monitors, which I read somewhere aren’t well catered for by Win8. Like others who have commented here, I don’t use social media (“sharing”, the way it has been implemented in the online world, fills me with horror) and I am another Cloud refusenik. That’s not just because of security or accessibility concerns; it’s because I have a 60GB monthly download limit and just uploading all my films and music to the cloud would consume my whole allowance for the next year. Far cheaper, safer and more convenient to carry around a couple of 1TB hard drives and have everything instantly available.
In fact, I am probably the last person MS had in mind when they went about designing Win 8, which is why I can confidently say it isn’t for me. Xp served me well for 6 years and I am confident that, by the time Win7 reaches the end of the road, either MS will have remembered that the customer is always right and produced something that I would want to buy or, if they haven’t, I’ll give Linux another try.
Sam says
I am using Windows 8 Consumer Preview with a program called “Classic Shell” It is from:
It boots up Windows 8 into Desktop mode, gives you a “Start” button and looks and feels like Windows 7 or XP. Check it out, I think you will learn to like Windows 8 more with this software. It does wonders for Windows 7 too.
Crash says
I also agree with Tom’s comments. Microsoft seem to have forgotten that many business users couldnt care less about social networking, facebook etc. They just want an ongoing reliable simple interface so that they can keep their business applications running smoothly on the latest (i.e. currently supported) version of Windows into the future. Sorry Microsoft but with 40 years experience in the software industry including minicomputers, I feel I am qualified to say the shutdown procedures in Windows 8 are a discrace.
Phil Salisbury says
The only pro’s I can see with Winfows 8 is the OS doesn’t eat up resources like it’s an 8 Dollar Buffet and I like the new Task Manager being more informative as to what is running.
Everything else is just alot of useless crap given it’s not really improving one ability to use, understand and navigate around the system. Companies are always trying so damn hard to make their product the latest and greatest with whiz bang this and that and that’s all well and good for those users that want that nonsense.
I still run Win XP Pro and love it and I only recently installed Windows 7 ( 2 years ago, dual boot systems) and after the learning curve of Windows 7, I like it and dislike certain things, but, I can deal with those issues.
Now comes Windows 8 and I don’t see anytime in the near future of bothering with installing it just for the the sake of upgrading for the sake of getting some features/ functions Microsoft jazzed up to tuned/tweaked for what it will cost. Not to mention the issue’s that will most likely come with program/hardware compatibility issues.
If Microsoft would focus more on making Windows 7 less a resource hog while upgrade feature’s/functions there adding to Windows 8, then I would be impressed that they trying to satisfy users of their products.
Kevin says
This is very similar to a tablet interface. I quite often put my tablet away just because of how annoying it is to navigate through. I like my drop down menus and my window sliding and my shortcuts and my background for that matter. It seems like this is really social driven, or media driven, and also seems like it’s going to be just like my phone. It’s going to suck up internet usage, and shove advertisements in my face on a device I paid for already. It almost feels like I’m being taken off the playground and put in the playpen, and being told what to see.
Paul says
I will stick with Windows 7, myself, even if MS made it a FREE upgrade. I think Windows 8 is a tablet UI and should only be used for such devices. I see no reason MS can’t give Windows 8 a desktop interface option so we can still use the Windows 7 style of mouse “click” interface as opposed to the touch “drag” interface.
And seriously, that is the ugliest interface I’ve ever seen. It makes me feel like I’m back in 1993 with Windows 3.11.
Miguel Leiva-Gomez says
Yeah, now that you mention it, it does kind of remind me of Windows 3.1, only with animated effects. I don’t know… It looks to be an interface that’s kind of “too busy” for my taste. Regardless, I’m not bothered by it enough not to upgrade. After all, one simple click takes me to the desktop.
Dean says
I’m not a fan of windows 8 either. But I do have to comment on the “not being able to shutdown” issue that’s almost universal. The design idea is based on the premise that you are likely to have an acpi compliant pc by now, which allows you to simply push the power button on your pc and windows is informed that it is to shutdown. Most bios ware has had this feature enabled or available for more than a few years now. The people that have their pc’s enclosed and unreachable are the only ones left out in the cold by this design for the most part. Everyone else just had a paradigm shift shoved in their face.
Miguel Leiva-Gomez says
I think every computer capable of running Windows 8 is ACPI compliant. The problem, though, is that some people – like me – have the box on another part of the room. In my case, I run dedicated servers for a number of websites and keep the servers in a cooler place. The workbench for the server is in the warmer area where it’s more comfortable to work. I hate having to move so much to turn it off or restart it. Well, the option is there, but it was kind of difficult to find. The other problem exists with those who run Win8 in one of many different virtualization environments. But, yet again, the option to shut down from the interface is there somewhere. It wasn’t so hard to find, but damn well much more annoying than clicking a Start button and just clicking “Shut Down” like I would do in Windows 7.
andre moraes says
will use windows 8 if somehow CRAP metro UI can be removed. it’s a desktop operational system not a windows phone
anyone knows if for corporate market at least like windows professional we’ll have a desktop operational system and not a TOY?
andre moraes says
will use windows 8 if somehow metro UI can be removed. it’s a desktop operational system not a windows phone
anyone knows if for corporate market at least like windows professional we’ll have a desktop operational system and not a TOY?
Miguel Leiva-Gomez says
Stay tuned, because we’re about to publish an article tomorrow on how to boot into the desktop! We already have something on getting rid of some Metro obligations published on Friday.
Daniel Thorpe says
One thing I’ve noticed with the ‘Shut Down’ option is it doesn’t seem to actually be shutdown. On my system I always hit shutdown and when I next boot it I get no UEFI POST, just resuming from hibernation. In my copy of Windows 8 at least, shutdown seems to go to hibernate.
J C Crandall says
draclvr makes a good point about customizing the metro page. I have placed the desktop icon on top of the first column and made it larger than the others so it is easy to access when the metro page opens. I have pinned a few of my most frequently used programs to the taskbar as well as creating desktop shortcuts for others, i.e. Chrome, file explorer, and computer. I have also downloaded a number of applications directly to the hard drive’s program files folder negating the need to use Cloud apps to run these programs, I can still use Cloud if I choose to do so. I have not noticed that this slows start up in the least bit, the performance is just short of amazing! On the con side, Windows 8 does leave me with the feeling that it was rushed to the market and is geared towards the smart phone and tablet users more than to the desktop set. I believe, however, as more people migrate to it more programmers and software developers will transform it into as solid and user friendly a workhorse as Windows XP became.Originally from Southern California, I moved to New York to attend SVA as an Illustration major. Since then I've had a multidisciplinary career as an illustrator/ animator/ designer in a wide variety of genre, from comics to scientific text, skateboarding to baroque pop, advertizing to animation. I work on a Cintiq using Adobe's Master creative suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Premiere, After Effects, Flash)Delivery is free in Martinborough and by courier throughout New Zealand
Regular price
$19.90
Sale
Spicy chilli pepper paste with rose petals created in New Zealand by Alexandra’s with inspiration from Tunisia. Mix with yogurt for a dip or marinade, add to cooking or couscous for a spicy hit.
Ingredients: Red Peppers, Spices (chilli 4%), Tomato Paste, Water, Vinegar, Sunflower Oil, Garlic, Herbs, Sugar, Salt, Rose Petals, Natural Flavour, Acidity Regulator (Citric and Acetic Acid). 170g in glass jar.BIRMINGHAM, Alabama -- Paul Konerko worked a full count against Carlos Marmol Friday night before lining out to shortstop to end the inning.
Before Marmol was traded from the Cubs to the Los Angeles Dodgers, you might have expected to see that matchup during a game on either the north or south side of Chicago.
Instead, it happened in the eighth inning of the Birmingham Barons game against the Chattanooga Lookouts at Regions Field.
Marmol, a one-time Cubs closer, has agreed to spend some time in the minors with the Dodgers to work on delivery issues, and Konerko is in the middle of a four-day rehab stint with the Barons for a back injury.
But the two major league standouts took a back seat Friday. It was the Barons pitching staff that shined.
Stephen McCray, Salvador Sanchez and Dan Remenowsky held the Lookouts (46-50) to one hit as they combined for a shutout in a 1-0 win for the Barons (59-38).
McCray (9-6) pitched seven innings, giving up Chattanooga's only hit. Duke von Schamann (2-2) gave up Birmingham's only run -- on an RBI single by Trayce Thompson -- in the first inning and got the loss.
It was the second consecutive shutout for the Barons, and the Lookouts have yet to score a run in the series.
Konerko, the White Sox first baseman and a six-time MLB All-Star, finished 0-for-4 with a strikeout. Konerko is expected to stay in Birmingham through Sunday's game.
Marmol walked a batter and had one strikeout in an inning of work for Chattanooga.
Here is the box score, courtesy of the Barons.
The Lookouts will stay in town through Monday, with Saturday's game scheduled for 6:30 p.m. and Sunday's set for 3 p.m. The Barons will face the Mobile BayBears at home for a five-game series starting Tuesday.Apple Refunding Millions Over Kids' App Purchases
(Washington, DC) -- There's good news for parents whose kids bought Apple mobile apps without their permission.
Under terms of a settlement announced today, Apple is setting aside more than $32 million to refund consumers for unauthorized app purchases. The Federal Trade Commission says it had logged tens of thousands of complaints from parents over the unauthorized purchases of apps.
|
Apple must also change its billing practices to ensure it gets consent from consumers before charging for items sold in mobile apps.. ColliderPorn Free Sex Videos free. . 48 italian pornstar; 0:08 granny hot big cock italian - nonna scopa cazzo giovane e duro big cock italian; 0: 04 italian; 0:15 Italian classic porn: Pornstars of Vol. Featured italian video: Best parts of malizia. Source: Yep Tube. All rights reserved. Mom Sex Tube. ,. Adorable (5647) African (2414) AmateurAmerican (9209) AnalAnal fisting (3816). Be Fuck Tube 18. Italian Classic. Duration: 8:01. HD Porno Movies; 99. Italian Sex Movie, English Dubbed. Tube York Porn 14. You Sex Me 12. Amateur Threesome 526K. The world's 1 porntube with the hottest sex movies will keep you aroused 24/7, so visit daily for fresh new XXX content. Bayani sex e nasıl anlarsın iz
Mom Anal Sex 668K. ! 5 xvideos, italy, pov, handjob, teens, latina, tits, homemade, 59:02 Pervy Italians Enjoy Group Sex In Full-Time Porn Movie. Enter any word for search in clips title. . Free porn. Porn videos: Mature, Mom, Granny, Interracial, Lesbian, Amateur, Anal, Wife, Threesome, Creampie, Chubby, Mature Anal, Shemale, Solo, Hairy and much more. Abuse (1573) Adorable (5735) African (2797) AmateurAmerican (8774) Anal (10000). Among The Greatest Pornography Films Ever Made 102. . Video Sex Art 18. El diablo. 24Porn Sex Movies 07. Porn videos: Mom, Japanese, Lesbian, Stepmom, Teen, Wife, Mature, Full Movie, Vintage, Shemale, Homemade, Creampie, Granny, Interracial, Massage and. La Bonne (High Quality). . TORINO AD AGOSTO 2. Bayani sex e nasıl anlarsın iz
This site is rated with RTA label. Mature italian mom teach sex to her daughter 1 12:00. 87 min. Any Xxx Videos 16. Largest selection of FREE italian amateur tube movies on pornSOS! ©. Julia Sex Movies Italia, Italiano, Italy, Italiana Porn Tube Videos best p1. All of you guys will love the Italian hd tubes that we have in store for you with lots of Italian sex updates, by Popularity. Parents, you can easily block access to this site. Similar searches italian anal italian mom french sex xtime italian mom and son polish farm sex italy italian porn italian italian sex movies milf italian italian wife italian family italian mature italian movie italian milf italian beauty italian amateur italiana italiano italian hairy italian teen italian hot italian classic italian vintage. Xxxnx, beeg, xnxxx,. Beeg Porn Videos 22. Italian Old-school Porno - Mummy And Youthfull Boy. Welcome to, the home of FREE Italian sex movies. Top private porn video clips that you shouldn't miss! . Lux porn. Full movie. 2 years ago 10:34. Bayani sex e nasıl anlarsın iz
Porn videos: Mom, Mature, Interracial, Shemale, Lesbian, Stepmom, Milf, Granny, Japanese, Teen, Anal, British, Japanese Wife, Bbw, Shemale And Girl and much more. Tags: vintage, italian, group sex, double penetration, orgy Added: 4 years ago Italian office slut Valentina Nappi gets her vagina and feet banged by her colleague. Sure Porn 29. For dirty sex Vol. You Sex Tube 25. Vintage, Vintage Mom, Classic, Retro, Vintage Anal, Vintage Teen and much more. New movies added every minute! Vintage,. Xxx Videos; 31. Live - 10+ million hot sex videos from the most popular sex tube sites, e. ! ! Italian sex vintage mom and son. Webmasters. Italian babes, Italian pornstars and Italian pussies. Over 10 million free porn videos, watch 'em now! . Updates every 5 minutes. Bayani sex e nasıl anlarsın iz
Italian Group Sex Xnxx Free Sex Porn Video 18 Xhamster. . HD Sex Tube;. Through our hot collection of videos you can determine if Italian women are the world’s sexiest. 83,884 full movie erotic italian FREE videos found on XVIDEOS for this search. Watch new italian mature porn! Who is going to be the nastiest slut out of them all? Italian Mom Group sex Interracial. Super lewd Italian chicks get ready for a dick show down. Tags: wife italian girlfriend pool vintage facial beaver big tits group sex double penetration teen housewife blowjob threesome big cock knockers classic 1:48:57 43 days ago. Produce or host the videos displayed on this website. Julia Sex Movies Gangbang, Group Sex, Foursome, Threesome Porn Tube Videos best p1. Tube Sex Video. Best italian porn classic movies, hot sex italian fuck porn. Thanks Porn 27. Uploaded: 107 months ago Tube: XVideos. Watch Italian Amateur porn videos for free, here on. Tons of free Italian Milf porn videos and XXX movies are waiting for you on Redtube. Bayani sex e nasıl anlarsın iz
Sweet Girls Tube 31. Best. Husband Watches Wife 2. 24 classic italian pornstar; 0:15. They boast breathtaking bodies, beautiful faces, and an enlightened approach to sex that will have your cock hard and dripping precum. Popular categories: Granny, Bbw, Mature, Japanese, Mom, Interracial, Anal, Lesbian, Amateur, Hairy, Masturbation, Webcam, Big Tits, Wife, Homemade and much more. Big collection of free porn videos, DinoTube, the 1 XXX site. Puss XXX Videos 19. Elegant Italian Mature cheating husband on restaurant bathro 5:54 Valerie Siddy & Dominique Dietsh 3some in Ninfomania anale 22:39 Julia Taylor Perverz Miss Model 03 6:19. Hot Sex Tube Free Porn Tube Tube X Clips. 777 X Porn 17. 37:20. All rights reserved. Best Porn Videos 11. 5 months ago 12:00 PornHub italian, handjob compilation, teen (18+), compilation 2 weeks ago 2:12:57 TubePornClassic italian, classic, big cock, big tits, hairy 3 years ago 1:03:25 xHamster italian, group,. 14:00 The Best Italian Porn Movies! We provide you with the fastest Porn Videos Search from,,,. . Porzo Sex Videos 23. Bayani sex e nasıl anlarsın iz
Free Hd Porn 13. So Porn Videos Italian. Browse through our impressive selection of porn videos in HD quality on any device you own. Best Tube Sites. Featured gay video: Italian job. 185 Jem Tube; 186 Keez Movies Free; 187 Porn Sex Tubes; 188 Shufuni Free; 189 Tube 8 Free; 190 Beeg Free; 191 Cute Sexy Tube; 192 YouJizz Free; 193 Tube Porn; 194 Red Tube Porn; 195. Best First-timer Big Puffies, Antique Xxx Vid. Joy Karin - Italien Classic 90s. 0K. Tune in to the wave of heated, exotic, crazy mature sex with Mature Full Movies! Our tagline is Just porn, no bullshit! Sex-fre; 57. Hardcore porno featuring horny amateurs and famous pornstars never looked so good! Lust Hero's a powerful Search Engine Tool for Porn Tubes. We present the hottest Italian classic free porn tube videos. Kascha - busty bombshell having sex on the beach clip 5 years ago 05:00 GotPorn beach, public, big tits That is the nude beach in Ibiza full of slutty European bitches. Free mature tube with whole mature movies, kinky mature videos, mature hardcore and softcore porn clips. Italian Cougar Beauty Rough Sex Video. Tuber Bit Videos 15. Bayani sex e nasıl anlarsın iz
Bravo Tube 14. HD Porn Max 21. Italian free real movies. Welcome to Italian Porn Tube! Nothing but the highest quality Italian Milf porn on Redtube! Porn videos: Vintagevideos. Find the best Italian Milf videos right here and discover why our sex tube is visited by millions of porn lovers daily. Hard Pole - Sex Motors - Large Porn Films - Tonic Movies - Best And Free All models were 18 years of age or older at the time of depiction. All videos. Related movies: mom and boy italian mother full movie italian mom italian dad frustrated japanese mother vintage celeb egyptian big tits anal granny cum wife audition breeding cuckold wife stepdaughter fucking stepdad husband watching wife fucking cute abused wife front of her husband mature young 18 25 real sister czech jessica rizzo japanese. My friends hot mom summer and italian group sex Three. Awesome archive of Famous Classic Italian Videos, Old-time Pornstars Italian Retro Porn Movies. Porn Gonzo Tube: 19. Bayani sex e nasıl anlarsın iz
-> Annesi olgun porno
-> Olgun genc gay pornoVisit
Apply
Give
Alumni
SU Resources
Canvas
SU Online
MySU
Lemieux Library
Lemieux Library
Lemieux Library Guides
Ethics & CSR
Topic Guide
Search this Guide
Search
Ethics & CSR
Topic Guide
CSR
Governance
Social Entrepreneurship
Sustainability
Social Investing
International
Codes
Books from the catalog
Harvard Business Review on Corporate Responsibility
by
C. K. Prahalad; Michael E. Porter; Charles Handy; Harvard Business School Press Staff (Compiled by)
ISBN: 1591392748
Publication Date: 2003-09-01
Beyond Good Company
by
Bradley K. Googins; Steven A. Rochlin; Philip H. Mirvis
ISBN: 1403984832
Publication Date: 2007-11-15
Firms of Endearment
by
Jagdish N. Sheth; Rajendra S. Sisodia; David B. Wolfe
ISBN: 0133382591
Publication Date: 2014-02-09
Databases
ABI/INFORM Trade & Industry (ProQuest)
Search articles from thousands of business, trade, and scholarly journals.
Business Source Complete
Search articles from thousands of business and scholarly journals. In addition, this resource provides access to company profiles, country reports, industry profiles, market research reports, and SWOT analyses.
Philosopher's Index with Full Text
Provides citations and abstracts of articles and books in the fields of philosophy, ethics, aesthetics, and logic.
Wall Street Journal
The world’s leading financial newspaper. Comprehensive coverage back to 1984.
SEATTLE UNIVERSITY: ALBERS BUSINESS ETHICS INITIATIVE
Albers Business Ethics Initiative
The Albers Business Ethics Initiative is a three-year program designed to help businesses, nonprofits, and government as they build more ethical and efficient organizations. The ABEI is directed by Dr. John W. Dienhart, the Frank Shrontz Chair for Business Ethics at Seattle University.
The goals of the ABEI are:
To implement the Frank Shrontz Lecture and Workshop Series on Business Ethics.
To support the Northwest Ethics Network, a group of ethics and compliance officers f
Institutes
Boston College Center for Corporate Citizenship
Business for Social Responsibility
BSR is an organization whose goal is to help companies use high ethical standards to achieve success. Through its publications, web site, and its network with other companies, NGO's and other stakeholders, it connects companies with best practices and models. For the visitor to this site, the Issue Briefs, External Resources and and selected articles from the BSR magazine are accessible
Business Roundtable: Institute for Corporate Ethics
Housed at Univ. of Virginia's Darden Graduate School of Business Administration, this new center has its members 150 CEO's and faculty from Darden Harvard, Northeastern, Northwestern, Penn State, Univ of Mich, Univ of Minn. Notre Dame and U Texas at Austin. The goal of the institute is collect "best practices" for teaching ethics to students and professionals.
Center for Ethics and Business
Web site for Loyola Marymount University. Fun icons help the user through this site. Be sure to go to the toolbox for brief papers on the philosophic basics of ethics.
e-business ethics.com
The Center is located at Colorado State University and sponsors this e-ethics site. "Much of this site's content is being provided by businesses, nonprofit organizations, government agencies and academics that support interactivity and accessibility of information. " Includes case studies, sample articles and links to other centers.
Ethics Resource Center
The Ethics Resource Center is a nonprofit educational organization, founded 85 years ago. Contains downloadable articles Its areas of primary interest are character development, global ethics and organizational ethics as well as federal policy and national surveys. Includes book reviews. In addition, to full text of its newsletter online, the web site has much to offer the site visitor. Use the FAQ section for not only information about the site, but other links on the web relevant to ethics.
Markula Center for Applied Ethics
Located at Santa Clara University, this renowned center analyzes ethical issues and develops tools to address these issues.."
Get Research Help
chat loading...
Research Services Librarian
Felipe Anaya
Schedule A Consultation
CSR >>
Last Updated:
Apr 9, 2021 3:27 PM
URL:
Print Page
Login to LibApps
Report a problem.
Subjects:
BusinessLast time we went over computer hardware. Today we will be installing Windows 10. Windows 10 is the most recent version of the Windows Operating system (OS). We will first go over installing the OS from a disk, if you bought a computer with Windows 10 on it you can skip ahead to part two.
Part 1: Installing from Disk
To interact with menus in windows you will use the left mouse button to select items and the keyboard to type information.
The first thing you will see when you start installing the system is the localization settings. You will want to select your language, time and currency format, and keyboard to mach your region. In the screen shot we have everything setup for a United States computer. Then hit Next.
On the next screen you should screen Install now and a Repair your computer button. Click Install now.
Windows will ask you for your serial number. It will be on the case of the installation disk. If you do not have it you can click I don’t have a product key, but you will run into trouble later if you cannot find it.
The next window will ask if you want to Upgrade or do a Custom install. We want to do the second. Click Custom.
You will just need to click on your hard drive and then the next button on the next screen, unless you know what you are doing.
We will go over partitioning in a later article.
The next window will show the installation progress of Windows 10. This will take a few minutes. After it is done your computer will restart.
Part Two: Setting up Windows 10
Now we start setting up Windows 10 for use. This is where things get tricky for the uneducated user. Windows 10 will do everything in its power to get you to consent to giving more information than you should. If you do not care about your privacy you can ignore the next part of the article, but you should care. “but I have nothing to hide.” is an evil and dumb statement, never consent to giving your information when it is not required.
The next screen will ask you if you want to Use Express settings, you do not want to. Each point that the installer makes about why you want to use them is another piece of your private life that Microsoft can use for marketing and something that can be used against you.
There is a small Customize settings button near the bottom left of the screen, click it.
The next few windows will have a lot of options you will want to click off.
You will want to click each one of these option to off. These options will allow Microsoft to track everything you type, your location, your calendar information, and the
contact information of others. Most of the programs that use these “features” are more prevalent on cellphones, so you do not benefit much by giving this information to Microsoft.
Once you have everything off click next.
Connectivity and error reporting:
Computer security 101: Never connect to a network you trust, ever. The next three options are more dangerous to have on than just giving Microsoft your information. When you connect to a network you make your computer open to what is on it. You will want to change these to off.
Sending error reports to Microsoft actually sounds like a good idea, but in my experience diagnostics never return results. It is better not to give Microsoft this information as you will not see results and Microsoft will sell what they get from you.
More options to turn off:
Windows 10’s SmartScreen feature is useful if you go to less savory websites, but in exchange, Microsoft gets to know where you have been online and what you are downloading.
Page prediction will be useless for us as we will be using a third party program to brows the internet. If left on, Windows 10 will send your internet and download history to Microsoft. Even if you do use the integrated web browser, you will not benefit much by having this on.
The last option will use your computer to send updates to others and allow you to receive them from others. This will use your internet connection, thus wasting bandwidth and slowing down your internet.
Turn these off.
Windows will restart after you click next.
Part Three: Creating a Local Account
We are almost done! Unfortunately Microsoft tries to ware on your willpower by making it easier to just hand over the keys to your life.
Windows 10 will ask you to sign in to or make a Microsoft account. This account will allow you to connect your devices and will allow Microsoft to put a name, address, email, and phone number to all the data they collect.
They make it hard to say no by making the Skip this step and Microsoft privacy statement buttons small. Read that privacy statement, it is vague and misleading, but it basically states that Microsoft will be sharing your information with the government, sending it to advertisers, and using it for the improvement of Windows 10.
We will want to Skip this step. There are some honest benefits to using a Microsoft account, parental controls and online backups, but there are alternatives that do not want to sell you ever chance they get.
Creating a Local Account
We are going to setup the account for the first user on this computer, this will be the system administrator and will have full control over the system.
The user name can be your name or anything you want. On this system I will be using “Random Thoughts”. The password is very important. This is what keeps others out of your computer. It would be a shame to have gone through all that effort to lessen Microsoft’s grip just to hand the keys over to someone else. Use the keyboard to enter one that uses a combination of Upper and lower case letters, symbols, and numbers. Unless you are expecting someone with physical access to your computer to brake into your computer, it does not need to be overly strong.
An example password could look something like this: hTF1%g%#Gl#6U
Never use password as a password.
The password hint can help you remember what you have entered here, if you forget your password you will not be able to access your computer.
Now Windows 10 will play an animation as it sets things up for the new user. Just wait wist it finishes.
Congratulations, Windows 10 is now installed. There is just one more step. If you have your computer connected to the internet already, you will want to decide if you want your computer viable to others on the network. If you are at home you can select yes. If you are using a laptop or a computer that is on a public network you will want to say no.
If you have no plans on running a server or doing anything regarding computers interacting with each other you are better off saying no, you can always change this option.
We will be going over the windows interface next time and setting things up for you to use. We will also install our first few programs in the next article.Rick Owens Heavy Gobi Buffalo Leather Bag
There's just something about the texture of buffalo leather that will always stop us in our tracks. Rick Owens uses it with his Heavy Gobi Buffalo leather bag ($1,780) which was put through a special stone wash treatment. The bag also features an accessory pouch/wallet for your cards and cash. LinkWhy Orthodoxy Has Allowed the Acquisition of Things to Supplant Christ.
All contents copyright © 2014 by M.L. Wilson. All rights reserved. No part of this document or the related files may be reproduced or transmitted in any form, by any means (electronic, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of the publisher.
I* * *
Undoubtedly this will be another one of my commentaries which some will regard as contentious. Hopefully it will bring the reader information rather than contention. It is not my intent to bring division, but rather to instruct. Truth should always take precedence over a lie no matter how convenient or expedient the lie may be. When one is teaching on God Almighty, there is no excuse not to speak the truth. In our modern churches today, that appears to be a tall order as tradition seems to trump truth at every turn.
In truth, few of us have ever experienced “church” outside a building; we associate God and Jesus with going to a building, regarding such a Holy Place, “God’s House” as it were. This holds true even for those of other faiths. Jews attend Temple, Hindus and Buddhists have shrines (although Buddhism is more a philosophy than a religion in the strictest sense), Islam has Mosques; even Atheists have their own type of “church”, gathering in a designated structure which is set apart. We as a people have become inculcated with the notion of church being the building. Without the building, there really is no church, but rather just the people. Obviously this thought is completely in error. God’s House now rests within those who claim Him. WE are God’s House now, not a brick and mortar structure, not a temple or mosque.
The question which may come to mind is, “Why does any of this matter? If we worship in a building or in a field, whose business is it to anyone?” That is a good and legitimate question to ask. Ultimately one can find union with God in any place; the location and surroundings are immaterial. However that having been said, it does matter to those who claim to be followers of Christ. The reason it matters is because Christ is nothing if not truth. When we as Christians begin to apply to Christ that which is not true, what does that make us? Jesus was not much of a fan of Organized Religion; He saw the inherent danger in iconic worship. People would soon begin to venerate the material rather than the spiritual. Amongst other issues, the Pharisees took extreme exception to Christ’s opinion regarding their religious trappings.
It is of interest to note that when God ordered the construction of the Ark of the Covenant, He did so with the command it have handholds so it could be carried anywhere. Likewise the Tent of Meeting which housed the Ark was just as mobile (Exodus 25:12-14). The early tabernacle was dynamic, not fixed - essentially mirroring God. The subsequent temple which David wanted to build was constructed not out of necessity, but rather out of pride. David explained to Nathan the disparity he noticed with him as an earthly king living in a palace when God was merely “living” in a tent. God, of course, had a different opinion on the matter and questioned David’s intents. In the end He allowed for David’s son Solomon to build the temple, but it would only stand for as long as His people were obedient to Him (2nd Samuel 7:1- 16). This required obedience didn’t last too terribly long for the Israelites and the temple was destroyed by the army of Nebuchadnezzer in 587 BC after 410 years of use—a far cry from the “forever” which was imagined. The second temple built by King Herod fared even worse and was destroyed completely after barely 70 years (and while still under construction) by the Romans. By contrast, the Cathedral in Notre Dame is over 850 years old. Thus the French Cathedral has lasted longer in one incarnation than both the Jewish temples by almost 400 years. (Perhaps the 12th Century Catholic Bishop, Maurice de Sully, had greater success because he didn’t ask God’s permission before building the cathedral.
Today it is clear that Christians regard the mark of a successful church as in direct proportion to its size. A mega-church with a membership of five thousand people and a staff of degreed pastors (a few ThD’s in the mix certainly doesn’t hurt either.) denotes a church that is wildly successful. But is it? Is a church so large the pastor (s) do not know the people occupying their pews really the example Christ spoke of? It is just as clear that one reading the scriptures would find the Apostles would have taken exception to the Mega-church model as what was intended. Such an edifice lent itself to an impersonal environment and not one conducive to the familiarity necessary for the health of the body. The church they take such pride in may be large and growing, but so is a tumor.
Not too long ago, one of these mega-churches crashed and burned very publicly. The Crystal Cathedral in Garden Grove, California was a wonder in its day boasting a seating capacity of over 2700 people. It possessed a state of the art audio and visual system which produced programs for a weekly television program called, “The Hour of Power.” The building was striking in its architecture, sporting glass walls and ceilings in the main sanctuary which allowed for the Southern California sun to bath the parishioners in its warm glow. For all intents and purposes, this was a thriving, dynamic church. The lead pastor was Robert Schuller who had started this congregation in 1955. In its earliest days, Schuller held services in a drive-in movie theater. Interestingly enough, this early incarnation was closer to the 1st Century church model envisioned by the Apostles than the behemoth it later became. What made it so was its simplicity and intimacy. It soon grew beyond that formative state and Schuller eschewed the division talked about by the Apostles, opting to merely grow one single body instead.
The Crystal Cathedral was built in 1970 and grew to give Schuller world-wide fame. He wrote many books and hosted his television show for more than thirty-five years. In its time, the Crystal Cathedral stood as an overwhelming success to the power of God, having been host to world leaders and United States presidents and the most watched religious themed T.V. Program in the world. But was it a success, or did it just give the earthly appearance of success?
By 2010, the Crystal Cathedral was bankrupt with debts exceeding more than $55 Million. The building still had a mortgage in 2010 of more than $36 million. Drowning in debt which had severely limited its outreach, the Hour of Power ceased broadcast in 2006. In the next four years, there was an exodus of parishioners from the congregation as internecine battles amongst the Schuller family became known to the general public. By mid-2012, the Roman Catholic Diocease of Orange had purchased the Cathedral and renamed it Christ Cathedral. Schuller was retired, and for all intents and purposes the church he had built was no longer. One has to wonder what would still be remaining today of Schuller’s church had he followed the Apostolic model rather than the model of man.
Many might say that Schuller’s example was an anomaly and not representative of the church experience in general. To those who say that, I would point to the many churches one can find in just about any community with dwindling congregations. The dynamic aspect of God is antithetical to the fixed aspect of a brick and mortar building. Thus when the congregants grow and move on, when the older generation dies off, the building—and its many sundry needs—remain. How can a congregation believe they are serving God with their tithes and offerings when the bulk of that money is going to the mortgage, the heating, water and electrical bills as well as the administrative over-head? Most churches may only apportion five percent or less of their intake for actual ministerial outreach. All the rest of this money goes to fixed expenses. (2013 study conducted by Ministry Advisory Panel. )
When one stops to contemplate the trend occurring with the modern church and then realizes this is only the fiscal impact, the other damning aspects of the modern church is akin to throwing gasoline on a blazing structure in a vain attempt to put out the fire.
Consider the modern church structure is to seat a large group of people in a room. These people are seated so as not to see or interact with one another, but rather to face forward and be apart from their fellow man. After an appointed and limited time of pleasantries (in many of the churches I’ve attended, this is a time caustically referred to as “grin and grip.”), we assume our places, sing a few songs about Christian brotherhood and then we are to sit in silence while we listen to the opinion of one person for the next half hour to hour (depending upon the individual speaker). None can raise their hand to ask for a clarification on point as this is regarded as “rude” and not in keeping with protocol. The subtext here is clear: The pastor is the educated one, not you. The pastor is the one versed in the subject matter, not you. The pastor is the one anointed by God, not you. Ergo, if you do not understand what the pastor is saying, the problem lies with you.
Of course many pastors have allowed for a time when they will answer your questions at some other time, but depending upon the size of your congregation, you may never get that chance. I have personally attended two churches as an adult where I never even met the lead pastor. His time was far too valuable to be bothered with such banal questions from someone like me. For that, there was another tier of people who would clarify the point for him. Additionally, there were home groups where the finer points of his sermon could be discussed—discussed, but not necessarily answered to anyone’s satisfaction. Few of these discussions would ever make it back to the ears of the one who first spoke them. Thus, any errors pointed out by members of the congregation remained unchecked.
The primary problem with such a church structure is that it does not really lend itself to Christian fellowship. One goes to church today to be indoctrinated, not to get to know their fellow Christians. Doctrine is used as a measure and an indicator of one’s “Faith.” To question what is taught is akin to being an adulterer and such a person is questioned on their beliefs and if there is no change, they are excised from the body post haste. This church structure, of course, was the desired intention since the first of the Nicene Councils began to codify Christianity under the Roman Emperor Constantine in 325 AD. If one were to go to a church service and expect to be able to engage the speaker in a Q & A, one would be sorely disappointed and would be asked to remain silent or leave. In truth, few pastors are equipped to engage their congregation in that manner. Most approach the dais with a prepared and practiced sermon and any deviation is simply not tolerated. (I’ve witnessed multiple services with the same pastor giving the same sermon without much deviation. Even the humorous anecdotes, timing and rhythm of the sermon remains unchanged from service to service. How can a pastor engage his congregation when one is unable to deviate from the script or speak on the subject matter extemporaneously?)
A personal anecdote: Years ago I asked a pastor of a small church I was attending a question regarding the passage in Matthew 27:52-53. The passage dealt with the bodies of many saints coming out of their tombs and going into town to preach to the people about Christ. I was terribly confused about this passage as it almost appeared as though the Bible was talking about zombies. To his credit, the pastor neither dismissed me nor tried to give me a contrived answer. He looked at the passage, looked back at me and shrugged his shoulders saying, “I don’t know.” I remain in his debt for his response because he displayed true humility and respected me enough not to try to explain that which was beyond him. It pushed me to discover the meaning behind the passage for myself and the spiritual significance, but that is for another commentary.
As I write this commentary I am listening to Johann Sebastian Bach. While Bach wrote for many noblemen of his day, his primary employer (as with Michelangelo) was the church. It could be said that despite its failings, the institutionalized church has also given us many wonders we otherwise would not have experienced. The Sistine Chapel is one such wonder to behold as are the many cathedrals throughout Europe (and even here in the modern day United States with such as the Crystal Cathedral). I raise this issue only to let the reader know that I am well aware of the seeming benefits of the institutionalized church over the centuries. However, to presume that God in His eternal wisdom would not have still graced humanity with the talents of these many people is to diminish God. Is this not the same rationale that David used in wanting to construct the first temple? The better question to ask is how many gifted individuals would we have been graced with had the institutional church NOT stood in their way? Such people are now lost to history irrespective their talents and abilities because of the church’s intrusion and restrictions. The modern church by its very structure does not lend itself to utilizing the talents of its congregation. There can only be ONE pastor. Should there be others with spiritual insight amidst the congregation, they are ignored. There is no church division and the only church planting which will occur has to first be sanctioned and planned for by the Church Association. Budgetary concerns have to be addressed and, of course, qualified, licensed, degreed pastoral candidates must then vie for the position; they must interview for the job - like any other prospective employee. As a component of the modern church, this is truly a sad commentary and not at all what Jesus intended. It may make temporal sense to those in charge, but is excludes the eternal power of the Spirit to work in the body.
What is the solution then? While I have raised many issues (and there are many more), what is the solution? In his book, “The Problem of Wine Skins – Church Structure in a Technological Age”, Howard A. Snyder is rather direct. He asserts we ought to do what Christ commanded which is to sell everything and give it to the poor (Matthew 19:21). Is this a realistic solution? Many churches have a great deal of money tied up in real estate and other property. There is also the attendant responsibility they have taken on in administrative overhead. Selling off the building would effectively put the pastor, associate pastor, music minister, youth pastor, accountants, secretaries, custodians, et al. out of their jobs. Yes, that is true. But consider this novel approach and one which was used by the early church which met with great success: The pastor volunteers his time and works elsewhere for his income. (Paul remained a tent maker and Peter a fisherman while they planted churches and preached.) The congregation can meet in private homes until they reach a certain predetermined size and then break off and start a new congregation. Any administrative roles needing to be filled would utilize the congregation, an eclectic mix of people with varied talents heretofore ignored by the modern church. In this way, all have a part and all are included; no one is left out and pride will not have opportunity to take root in any one individual. (Even a degreed and lettered pastor does not know EVERYTHING and should not proceed upon that false premise.)
Is such a solution unrealistic? No, but it will meet with great resistance. It is a human trait that people do not like to give up stuff. A pastor or a degreed theologian has worked hard at his career and is not going to entertain for one second the possibility of simply throwing it all away. They will dip into their years of knowledge of the scriptures and parse same to contrive a valid excuse as to why God called them to create their monoliths and why God has personally sanctioned their church and continues to bless them. Of course they will; the pull of the flesh is strong and the enemy is cunning. So cunning, in fact that even the elect can be deceived. Humility must be a component of the pastorate. These are positions which are supposed to be above the traps laid by man. As Christ Himself said, “… If anyone would come after me, let him deny himself and take up his cross daily and follow me.”( Luke 9:23)
History has shown us that such as the modern church construct is inevitable. Humans like control and will do what is necessary to make certain control is maintained always. The Jews first wanted a king and later King David decided to build the temple. Much later, Constantine the Great established the church under his rules and regulations for just this reason. He needed the people of God, but only on his terms. Once his primary goal was realized (a united Empire with him at the head), the established church structure was used merely to keep the masses “in line” and prevent further insurrections. Neither tactic worked very well and the established church structure survived him by only 150 years. With Rome’s fall in 486 AD, the remnant of the church bunkered in monasteries and was for all practical purposes, useless to the people at large.
Whatever people did learn about God and Christ came from small home studies. This was the new reality of humanity throughout the known world until early in the 10th Century. When the Holy Roman Empire was born, the structure of the church was changed; the people in charge were not at all the “good Christians” one would have imagined they should be, but rather were ruthless despots. Again, any such learning was done in the home and usually to their earthy detriment. Those who did not conform to the strictures of the Holy Roman Empire were brutally tortured and then executed. It is safe to say that little Christian learning was gleaned from orthodoxy during this dark period, despite its supposed legitimacy.
There is an even greater danger to the body than that of the hubris and pride many modern pastors suffer from which is the brutal facts of history. As early 20th Century philosopher George Santayana famously stated, "Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it." What has bedeviled humanity before is prophesied to visit us again. The Bible prophesies a coming darkness before the rise of the dawn and eternal Light. In that time, the established church will not be in existence as it is today. Whatever “legitimate” church will reign over the earth will not be one which will imbue humanity with the goodness and the Grace of God Almighty. If we, as God’s face to our fellow man, do not begin to plan for this eventuality today, we will not be equipped to handle what is to come tomorrow. In effect, by maintaining these faux “houses of worship”, we are actually “…placing our light under the peck measure.” Our growth will remain, but again what kind of growth are we aiming for? If it is unity and harmony of the body of Christ, we’re failing and failing spectacularly. Just as in the Dark Ages, the Church today is filled with people hurting and in desperate need of others, but do not feel safe. Those who have created their livelihoods on the name of God are not going to be too quick to cede the power and position they’ve worked so long to attain. Jesus has some startling news for such people, “… they have received their reward in full.” (Matthew 6:2)
We are entering what I believe to be the final phase of humanity in this earthly state. It could all end tomorrow, or in a hundred years or more, but the end is coming. For now there is still a sliver of light which we can enjoy and take advantage of, but it will soon grow dark. In those times, will planting yet another brick and mortar building, will adding yet another financial obligation, placing the awesome burden of debt upon a congregation really be what Christ intended? Must we as a Christian church always firmly plant our feet and demand that the lost come to us, rather than our being dynamic enough to go to the lost? When darkness once again falls upon the world (and it is a historical certainty that it will), these brick and mortar monoliths will fall as well. The hard work which was expended, the dollars wasted on new carpeting, paint, tile and administrators will be seized by the authorities and the occupants imprisoned, killed or otherwise turned out. (Think China, Cambodia, USSR, etc.) Meanwhile, many who could have otherwise benefited from those funds never will; many who could have shared in the unity of a dynamic body will have missed the chance while meeting after endless meeting was convened to deal with issues of zoning, taxes, apportioning of funds for maintenance, etc.
Unless and until we as a true church decide to stop wasting our time and effort on icons, on an edifice which we place before us to feel important and display our earthly worth and wealth to our fellow man as an indicator of “God’s love”, we will have failed in the primary objective given to us by Jesus Christ, “Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit.”Founded in 1982, Universitas Prasetiya Mulya (Prasetiya Muly Prasetiya Mulya is a small (uniRank enrollment range: 3,000-3,999 students) coeducational Indonesian higher education institution. Universitas Prasetiya Mulya offers courses and programs leading to officially recognized higher education degrees in several areas of study. See the uniRank degree levels and areas of study matrix below for further details. Universitas Prasetiya Mulya also provides several academic and non-academic facilities and services to students including a library, as well as administrative services.
search the Universitas Prasetiya Mulya's website
Kementerian Pendidikan, Kebudayaan, Riset, dan Teknologi, Republik Indonesia
2015
Tip: search for Universitas Prasetiya Mulya's accreditations with the uniRank Search Engine
Not available; please submit a list of official first level academic divisions such as faculties, departments etc.
Tip: search for Universitas Prasetiya Mulya's faculties or academic divisions with the uniRank Search Engine
Not reported
Not reported
Tip: search for Universitas Prasetiya Mulyasetiya Mulya's Facebook page for social networking
Universitas Prasetiya Mulya's Twitter webpage for micro-blogging and news updates
Universitas Prasetiya Mulya's LinkedIn profile for business and academic networking
YouTube
Universitas Prasetiya Mulya's YouTube or Vimeo channel for videos
Universitas Prasetiya Mulya's Instagram or Flickr account for photos抄録
Through fractional sampling (FS) it is possible to separate multipath components and achieve path diversity. However, if no path component whose delay corresponds to the sampling point, FS cannot obtain diversity gain. In this paper, a novel scheme to improve the performance with FS over a sparse multipath channel is proposed. The proposed scheme uses multiple transmit antennas and sends multiple signals with fractional delays. The performance improvement with the proposed scheme is confirmed through computer simulation. It is shown that the proposed scheme increases the capacity of a MIMO-OFDM system by a factor of 1.5 to 2 and improves the BER performance on the sparse multipath channels.A man has been arrested after a series of sex attacks across Milton Keynes.
Police say a number of women were targeted in the town centre.
A 32-year-old man has now been arrested.
Read more: Wendover car break-ins see Thames Valley Police launch probe as number of vehicles targeted
A Thames Valley Police spokesman said: "A 32-year-old man of no fixed abode was arrested yesterday on suspicion of sexual assault of a female.
"The arrest is in connection with four incidents between 4 and 5 October in central Milton Keynes in which on each occasion a different female victim was inappropriately touched over clothing.
"The man who has been arrested has been released on conditional bail until 13 December while the investigation continues."
Keep up to date with the latest news from across Buckinghamshire by signing up to our newsletter here.Controversial Islamic cleric, Sheikh Ahmad Gumi has reiterated his call for bandits and herdsmen to be granted amnesty.
Gumi said bandits were ready to lay down their arms, hence the Federal Government should grant them amnesty.
He explained that granting bandits amnesty would stop further bloodshed and hostilities in the North..
According to Gumi: .”Conmed ABC Electrosurgical Pencil Button Switch 10 Inch Blade - 130321
Questions? Speak with a specialist!
This item requires 3-5 Business Days to process and prepare for shipping.
- With holster
- 3-Prong connector
- Monopolar Cut, Coagulation, and ABC Tip Usable
- Triple option electrode tipSeek Up A Job With This Great Idea
Seek Up A Job With This Great Idea
Now, the Lord again said to me, ‘‘Of course, two of the first groups of people whom you need to ask a job from first, once or immediately you realize you don’t have a job or are unemployed are your friends, and then your family relatives (your family relatives; distant and near!). These should really (first) understand your needs, than one who’s an acquaintance, or stranger!
Seriously, a number of them may be already working or might have already fixed themselves somewhere in the job or in the business markets, and they may obviously be of help to you!
Perhaps, they may not know you’re unemployed, until you tell them right away!
Some of them have their own jobs and businesses, in which they can ‘corner’ you there now and so can help you with a job, for the meantime!
And so, if you haven’t done that now or thought about it today, then pick up your phone and call up your friends or loved ones right away, who perhaps are having a job or may e working somewhere successfully. Well, just give them a call right away! Just try it now and right away! Just call them; r-i-n-g!
It’s a good idea!
Yes, thank you and God bless you too!
Prince Akogo.Convertkit Savings
CONVERTKIT ASSESSMENT: MY PERSONAL TAKE IN WITH THE PROS, CONS, ATTRIBUTES, AND RATES
” The cash is in the checklist.” A minimum of that is what all the leading marketing professionals mention.
As I review my past as an entrepreneur, I need to admit that a significant portion of the profits Savings Convertkit Savings
Convertkit Savings
As you read this evaluation of Convertkit, feel free to remember that I am current consumer. I use this email advertising program every day today, however I’ve additionally made use of other e-mail resources over the years, so I have a factor of reference to compare. I’ll discuss the pros and cons of the components, the rates, just how to successfully use it and extra.
As well as completely declaration, I have actually met the creator Nathan Barry a few times in person and I believe he’s a wonderful person! I don’t plan on holding back any punches when I share a couple of areas that the tool could be improved. Convertkit Savings
In general, it’s a great e-mail advertising and marketing resource for bloggers as well as business owners.
Reduce of making use of – 100
Stability – 95
Client service – 90
Price – 90
Recap
Generally, ConvertKit is a great e-mail advertising and marketing resource. It is actually SUPER easy to use and has a great concept. Moreover, it possesses all the functions it needs to have for a digital product or a serious blogger seller.
Convertkit Savings
Pros Super user-friendly.
Great style.
Unrestricted top magnets for one campaign. Convertkit Savings
Free of charge movement.
A/B screening of email show headlines.
Cons
Series Layout isn’t suitable.
No A/B testing for headings in automated set.
Minimal ability to handle cool users.
W.
Unlimited gives for one campaign. You can easily use as various downloads or giveaway provides as you desire and have all of them all funnel in to one project. And it is actually simple to make this occur.
Free transfer. Their migrations team will do it for free if you have over 5,000 subscribers that you are bringing from a previous email provider. This features exchanging out all your opt in forms on your internet site, relocating drip email series, and anything else that requires to become moved from your previous software application resource.
A/B testing of email broadcast headings. This was actually yet another large main reason for me to move. You couldn’t do any sort of heading screening in Infusionsoft (not sure if that is actually transformed currently). Being able to examine what headlines function may greatly enhance your open costs, which may directly convert to your bottom line.
Auto-insert first name with alternative of no label (if they never completed their given name). Again, it is actually the little details such as this that I like.
Convertkit Savings
You are not forced to use a visual editor. Some devices demand you to carry out a drag as well as decline and really draw series between 1 e-mail as well as the next … I hate that kind of things. I’m not a graphic professional, I simply would like to write my e-mails as well as possess them head out in the appropriate order. ConvertKit allows that easy style as presented below.
THE CONS OF CONVERTKIT: WHAT DOES CERTAINLY NOT IT PROSPER?
No resource worldwide in ideal, as well as neither is actually ConvertKit. I find a few locations of improvement that could be brought in. Generally, I don’t think these are actually package greats, but for others they may be a much users … so I pay out more … however it’s worth it).
ASSIMILATIONS. Convertkit Savings
ConvertKit is created enough that they automatically integrate along with bunches of resources. This primarily suggests that you may make use of the ConvertKit API as well as plug it into a 3rd gathering resource as well as the leads will certainly get pulled in ” amazingly” to your profile and you can easily begin drip projects without your involvement.
I currently integrate ConvertKit with Clickfunnels, Opt-in Monster, Thrive Leads, and possibly one or two others that are coming to mind right now.
Right here’s a couple of other prominent ConvertKit integrations that individuals make use of:. Savings
Convertkit Savings
ConvertKit is actually a pretty brand-new item as well as although it doesn’t have all the alarms and also whistles that much more famous e-mail marketing program service providers give, it still gives local business as well as qualified bloggers every thing they require to manage e-mail advertising and marketing initiatives.
In addition, functions like computerization, tagging, as well as delivering a pattern certainly e-mails incorporate great functionality to this platform. Along with ConvertKit, you can easily additionally establish as a lot of kinds, landing pages, automation regulations, as well as autoresponders.
Generally, ConvertKit is actually moving in the correct direction as well as if this is what the early model needs to use, it will be actually interesting to observe what brand-new technologies future upgrades will definitely give very early adopters along with.
ConvertKit’s least expensive e-mail marketing plan is 29.00 each month.
ABOUT CONVERTKIT.
This firm was actually introduced in 2013 through Nathan Barry. It’s relatively new in the industry.
However, ConvertKit supplies remarkable components that measure up to lots of various other long-established email marketing brands like MailChimp and Aweber.
ConvertKit’s goal is to aid local business and writers to grow their reader as well as switch their e-mail customers into paying for clients.
Their clients feature a long listing of successful niche blogs such as Zen Routines, Simple And Easy Gent, Impossible HEADQUARTERS and The Ultimate Paleo Manual.
Convertkit Savings
FEATURES.
The email marketing software application culture is actually packed along with autoresponders that each insurance claim to assist marketers handle their campaigns easily. ConvertKit is no exception because it tosses on its own as the best email-marketing system for professional bloggers.
This firm was released in 2013 as well as is reasonably new in the industry. ConvertKit offers impressive email marketing features that rival many other long-established email marketing brands like MailChimp and Aweber.
PAY FOR ONLY WHEREFORE YOU NEED: COSTS IS BASED ON LIST SIZE.
ConvertKit offers list-based strategies, meaning that rates depend upon the dimension of your user listing. The beginning strategy is for companies with around 3,000 clients. Advanced plannings are actually available for high volume email senders upon request.
POSSESS LESS THAN 50K SUBSCRIBERS? SEND OUT UNLIMITED MESSAGES.
Email marketers with less than 50,000 clients may deliver endless messages. This is a terrific function for marketing professionals that send out plenty of e-mails regularly to a tiny checklist of subscribers. If you’re on a much higher plan, having said that, an email restriction applies.
This restriction is actually calculated through growing 15 as well as the planning’s client restriction. So, if your program supports as much as 60,000 subscribers, merely multiply that amount through 15 and also 90,000 will certainly be your e-mail limitation. Convertkit Savings
Convertkit Savings
Along with ConvertKit, you may likewise put together as a lot of types, touchdown webpages, automation policies, and autoresponders as you such as.
DRIP PROJECTS VS. ADVERTISING AUTOMATION.
What are actually drip projects? They’re a sequence of e-mails ” leaked out” one at a time in a sequence to clients at pre-set opportunity periods. These e-mails could contain a collection of similar tutorials ( developing an email course) or even they could details on your various companies along prominent post as well as client recommendations.
SIMPLIFYING INITIATIVES.
The method of producing these campaigns in other e-mail marketing units could be tiresome and totally hard. Having said that, ConvertKit simplifies every thing.
You can create a series of emails to be sent over a period of one month after new subscribers join your list.
Whenever, you can easily drag and drop e-mails to re-order the sequence. You’ll likewise be able to view the entire drip email body in one viewpoint, which makes it easy to sustain good flow when generating your project information.
The moment a information is sent, it is actually marked as published et cetera continue to be in receipt up until the planned shipping date.
However a lot more notably, you may do a lot much more than merely the standard drip initiative.
PROVIDE RELEVANT AND USEFUL MATERIAL ALONG WITH ACCURATE E-MAIL MARKETING COMPUTERIZATION.
Truth power of marketing automation comes into play: You may produce “If This, then That” rules. Why is this significant? Because it permits you to provide material that is extra applicable and also important to the personal vs. making use of a one-size-fits-all technique.
For example, you can arrange for a recipient that does not open among the sequenced emails, to obtain a special e-mail to re-engage them. This is actually extremely distinct coming from the trivial, ” straight” path of conventional drip campaigns– where everyone acquires the specific very same email until the series ends.
ACCOMMODATING THE INTERESTS OF YOUR CLIENTS.
You may have an automation collection readied to induce when individuals register for your email bulletin. Those that check out a package denoting a certain passion (say, “vegan dishes”), would get a different series of emails than those who check out one more passion carton ( claim, “gluten-free recipes).
GRAPHIC COMPUTERIZATION: ANY INDIVIDUAL MAY DO IT.
ConvertKit has made it incredibly quick and easy to set up these automated e-mail series. You can merely hit as well as pull alternatives onto a canvas and also you’re done. No code or even enhanced knowledge is actually needed.
EFFORTLESSLY CREATE AN E-MAIL TRAINING PROGRAM.
Convertkit Savings
What is an email training course? It’s a set of e-mails, scheduled to become supplied in sequence, each of which delivers a training on a specific topic. As ConvertKit details, it feels like an internet training program ” however without all the whistles and bells .”.
Email courses have been used effectively as a freebie that attracts sign-ups, but plenty of bloggers sell their email courses.
ConvertKit makes it easy to produce email courses. You can even individualize what takes place by the end of the training program. For example, you can easily give a 2nd training program, as well as customers that show interest is going to immediately start acquiring that 2nd training program.
The ConvertKit weblog has premium support on exactly how to create reliable email training courses.
BEHAVIOR-BASED INDUSTRYING WITH AUTOMATION AND ALSO TAGGING.
Let’s take a more detailed check out automation.
Email marketing program like ConvertKit assists you receive one of the most away from your marketing efforts by utilizing advertising hands free operation. Marketing hands free operation that allows you monitor, procedure and also automate advertising and marketing campaigns.
Email advertising and marketing automation is actually a kind of marketing computerization. Depending upon how you have actually established your project, a details email is sent out to your consumer depending upon the action they have actually taken.
Conditions, events, and actions are actually the building blocks responsible for ConvertKit series. Savings”]Created Equal: Clarence Thomas In His Own Words
- Details
- Written by Belinda Elliott
- Category: Arts & Entertainment
- Published: 05 May 2020
Monday, May 18, 9 p.m.
A new film tracing the life story of Associate Justice of the Supreme Court, airs on WHRO TV 15 on Monday, May 18 at 9:00 p.m. The film, produced and directed by Michael Pack, is the product of over 30 hours of interviews with Justice Thomas and his wife, Virginia Thomas —unprecedented access from a Supreme Court justice. The PBS broadcast follows a limited theatrical release that began in January 2020.
“Justice Thomas’ life is a remarkable journey, the quintessential American success story,” said executive producer Gina Cappo Pack. “He began life in Gullah-speaking Pin Point, Georgia, suffered poverty and privation in Savannah, dealt with the vicious iniquities of segregation, and yet rose to serve on the highest court in the land.”
Watch a Preview:Open City
Lessons in the Art of Flirting in L.A.
Coquette him, girlRead more
The Quiet History of Death With Dignity in Los Angeles
Long before the proposed bill allowing California physicians to prescribe life-ending meds to terminally ill patients who are mentally competent, there was talk of kinder, gentler endsRead more
The Strange Beauty of L.A.’s Abandoned Sofas
The city’s streets are fertile ground for cast-off couches. Just ask photographer Andrew WardRead more
The Kobe Factor
The show put on by the Laker superstar, whose 19th season is coming to an early end because of a torn rotator cuff, remains a solo actRead more
Will Slow and Steady Progress Add Up for Eric Garcetti?
The mayor has focused on pesky but manageable problems: potholes, city computers, parking tickets. Some bigger issues loomRead more
Amy Sklar Honors Her Mother’s Memory One Outfit at a Time
The interior designer finds healing in clothingRead more
For Most College Football Players, the NFL is a Pipe Dream
Excelling at your sport is one thing. Making it to the Pros is another. Courtney Morgan wants athletes to embrace the differenceRead more
Los Rios River Runners
PO Box 2734
Taos
New Mexico
87571
- Taos Whitewater Rafting
- Corporate Events
- Team Building Location
- Bachelor Parties
- Banqueting Location
Raft the white-knuckle whitewater of the world-famous Taos Box. Float through the spectacular Chama river canyon and sleep under the stars. Enjoy a..
Go Ape! Rock Creek Regional Park
Derwood
Maryland
20855
- Ropes Course Team Building
- Corporate Days
- Bachelor Parties
- Bachelorette Parties
- Birthday Location
Our tribe has now grown to over 2.3 million members (worldwide) who have lived life adventurously with us! We look forward to seeing you 2 of 17. Jump to page: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 17 < Prev Next >Underground mining at Woodlawn commences. Image: Heron Resources.
Sedgman claims for $49.9 million in additional costs following a contract with Heron Resources have been rejected by the contract superintendent.
CIMIC Group subsidiary Sedgman stated earlier this month that Heron owed the additional costs on an engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) contract carried out at Heron’s Woodlawn zinc-copper project in New South Wales.
Sedgman, contracted to build Woodlawn’s processing facility, made a claim for additional costs of $22 million and forecast costs of $28 million to the end of March 2019.
The contract superintendent has, however, rejected the majority of Sedgman’s claims, with the exception of contract works totalling $223,057, less than half a per cent of what the company originally sought.
“Sedgman is attempting to circumvent the guaranteed maximum price through the submission of a list of 22 alleged variations claiming for unsubstantiated costs,” a Heron statement read
“The contract superintendent has determined that the majority of the variations have either no merit, or are time barred under the EPC contract, and in some cases refer to events that predate the parties entering into the EPC contract.”
Heron also announced that it would pursue liquidated damages in relation to the late completion of the Woodlawn processing facility.
The Woodlawn plant is on track to commence production in the first quarter of 2019.The Stewardson-Strasburg Thunderstruck Dodgeball Double Elimination Tournament will be held Saturday, March 15 at 10 a.m. Divisions include Junior High, High School and Adult. Teams may have between six and 10 members. All must wear the same color shirt. Registration fee is $10 per person and is due by Friday, March 7. Lunch will be sold as well as bake sale items.
The tournametn will be held in the Stew-Stras High School Gym. Check-in time is 9:45 a.m. Cash prizes will be awarded to the champions of each division, $50 last man standing game and door prizes.
For more information, phone 682-3355 or email: ssmith@stew-stras.org.
Back
© Copyright 2012 Premier Broadcasting. All rights reserved. 206 S Willow, Effingham, IL 62401 – Phone: (217) 347-5518 – Fax: (217) 347-5519Clot Busters
Natural ways to keep blood vessels clear
One of the primary causes of heart attacks and strokes, atherosclerosis, is the hardening of artery walls due to a buildup of plaque. Normally your arteries are very flexible, like a rubber tube, but plaque causes them to become stiff, and can even block blood flow. Plaque can also lead to the formation of blood clots—thickened clumps of blood that form when blood platelets collect at the site of blood vessel damage.
If a piece of the clot breaks off, it will eventually circulate into a vessel that’s too small to allow it to pass. As a result, blood flow to that part of the body stops, and nearby organs or tissue can die. The bigger the clot, the bigger—and more important—the vessel it can block. If it blocks a blood vessel in the heart, it leads to a heart attack (also called a myocardial infarction). If it happens in the brain, it can cause a stroke. And if it happens in the lungs, it causes a pulmonary embolism. Anyone of these events can result in death.
The Importance of Good Fats
Excessive platelet aggregation is part of the process of atherosclerosis, and is an independent risk factor for heart disease and stroke all its own. Once platelets aggregate, they release potent compounds that promote the formation of plaque—or they can form a clot.
The “stickiness” of your platelets is largely determined by the types of fats in your diet and the amount of antioxidants you consume. While saturated fats and cholesterol increase platelet aggregation, omega-3s and monounsaturated fats have the opposite effect. Particularly useful for decreasing platelet aggregation are the long-chain omega-3 fatty acids EPA and DHA, found in fish oil. In fact, the beneficial effects of fish oils on platelet aggregation is one of the key reasons why higher levels of EPA and DHA in the diet are associated with a 50 percent reduced risk of stroke and heart attack.
For health maintenance, try a fish oil supplement that provides a daily dose of 1,000 mg combined of EPA and DHA. If you already have cardiovascular disease, elevated CRP levels, or high triglyceride levels, the recommended dosage is 3,000 mg daily.
Other Helpful Supplements
In addition to omega-3 fatty acids, there are a number of supplements that impact platelet aggregation. Most notable are antioxidant nutrients; flavonoids and other polyphenols; enzymes such as nattokinase; garlic; and vitamin B6.
Vitamin B6 may be particularly important. In one study, scientists measured the effect of B6 supplementation on platelet aggregation and cholesterol levels in 24 healthy men. Subjects were given either 5 mg of vitamin B6 per kilogram of body weight or a placebo every day for four weeks. Results showed that B6 inhibited platelet aggregation by 41–48 percent, compared to placebo. Vitamin B6 was also shown to significantly lower total cholesterol levels after four weeks.
Garlic preparations standardized for alliin content can also inhibit platelet aggregation. In one study, 120 patients with increased platelet aggregation were given either 900 mg per day of a dried garlic preparation or a placebo. In the garlic group, spontaneous platelet aggregation completely disappeared after four weeks, and other measures also improved.
Flavonoid-rich Extracts: The flavonoids in red wine are likely the reason French people are able to eat more saturated fat than Americans while maintaining a lower incidence of heart disease. A similar link has been found with flavonoids from chocolate, green tea, and other foods.
These flavonoids benefit the heart and blood vessels in many ways, including their ability to prevent excessive platelet aggregation. To make sure you’re getting enough of these flavonoid compounds, try at least one of the following supplements:
- Grape seed extract (>95 percent procyanidolic oligomers): 100–150 mg daily.
- Pine bark extract such as Pycnogenol(>90 percent procyanidolic oligomers): 100–150 mg daily.
- Any flavonoid-rich extract with a similar flavonoid content, a “super greens” formula, or another plant-based antioxidant with an ORAC score of at least 3,000 per day.
The Importance of Diet
One of the most popular recommendations for preventing excessive platelet aggregation is taking low-dose aspirin (80–325 mg per day). While this therapy has been shown to be effective in preventing a first heart attack, it’s not as powerful as making dietary changes. Several studies have shown that dietary modifications are not only more effective in preventing a recurrent heart attack than aspirin, but they can also reverse the blockage of clogged arteries.
The research on diets for heart disease prevention is strongest for the Mediterranean diet and a diet rich in both plant and fish sources of omega-3 fatty acids.
Fibrin and Nattokinase
Platelets are held in plaque by stringy protein strands called fibrin, which is made from smaller particles called fibrinogen. Elevated blood levels of fibrinogen are a major determinate of cardiovascular death. In fact, there is a stronger association between cardiovascular deaths and fibrinogen levels than there is for cholesterol. Natural therapies that help break down fibrin include the Mediterranean diet, exercise, omega-3 fatty acids, niacin, garlic, and nattokinase.
If you’re not familiar with nattokinase, it’s a clot-busting enzyme derived from natto—a Japanese food prepared from fermented soybeans. Nattokinase is known to:
- Dissolve excess fibrin in blood vessels, which improves circulation, breaks down clots, and reduces risk of severe clotting.
- Reduce LDL (bad) cholesterol and increase HDL (good) cholesterol.
- Reduce blood viscosity, improve blood flow, and lower blood pressure.
Clinical studies have affirmed the ability of nattokinase to reduce fibrinogen levels in the blood. Since elevated fibrinogen is a clear risk factor for heart attack or stroke, these results are extremely significant. Two capsules of nattokinase (100 mg or 2,000 fibrinolysis units per capsule) taken daily for two months may decrease fibrinogen levels by 7–10 percent.
Nattokinase should be used with caution if you take Coumadin or anti-platelet drugs (including aspirin, but especially prescription drugs such as Plavix or Ticlid), as it may increase bleeding tendencies.Are you sure that you’re choosing the right cookware for your home? Do they survive a month or so? Does it make your food in less time? Well, it is hard to trust the products of any brand just like that. First, you have to check its durability, functionality, budget; then you can say it is really worth your money or not.
Today, we would discuss the best hardware anodized cookware brands in India, which is durable and long-lasting. So, without taking much time, we would jump in the article. Here is the curated list of best hardware anodized cookware Brands in India.
Top Best Hardware Anodized Cookware in India to Buy in 2021
1) SUMEET Aluminum Top Set
This aluminum top set comes with a 3.0 mm thick base and fine finish. The top set consists of three topes and three stainless steel lids. It is metal friendly and dishwasher safe. The product is meant for everyday use and is durable as well. You would definitely enjoy making your food with this cookware. It is easy to use and maintain.
Moreover, the item is of the finest quality. It is stain-resistant and has an excellent mirror-finished lid. The product is even durable than steel. The holding capacity of the three topes is 1.4 liters, 1.8 liters, and 2.3 liters. The weight of the product is 2 kg 400 grams.
Pros:
- Dishwasher safe.
- Easy to use and maintain.
- Value for money.
- Durable body.
Cons:
- The lid is of poor quality.
2) Hawkins Cook and Serve Bowl
This product, exclusively made in India, is value for money. It comes with 3 liters holding capacity and a 4 mm thick base. It spreads heat evenly and cooks your food in no time thanks to its thick base.
This product supports easy and convenient cooking. Moreover, it can be used for everyday purposes. This cookware from Hawkins is non- toxic and non- staining. Metal ladles can also be used. The item weighs about 1 kg, 810 grams.
Pros:
- Five years warranty.
- Even heat distribution.
- Suitable for small families.
- Easy to maintain and clean.
Cons:
- The handles are not durable.
3) Hawkins Deep Frypan
This product from Hawkins comes with rosewood handles and durable stainless steel brackets, permanently riveted to the pans. The thickness of the item is 3.25 mm and supports metal ladles as well. This bottom deep fry pan is durable and is not spoilt by heat. Go for this product if you want even heat distribution while cooking your food.
It is a gas stove compatible and has 1.5 liters holding capacity. The weight of the product is 930 grams. Overall it’s a good product in this price range.
Pros:
- Five years warranty.
- Gas stove compatible.
- Metal ladles can be used.
- Durable body.
Cons:
- Not as deep as expected.
4) Prestige Chapati Tawa
This product from Prestige has a wide base, which helps in even heat distribution and cooks your food in less time. Additionally, it is equipped with Perma Cool handles, which would even stay cool while you’re cooking food. So, you can lift it without any issue. This Tawa is Induction and gas stove compatible.
The thickness of the tawa is 4.88 mm and has a non-toxic surface. The weight of the product is 400 grams and supports metal spoons as well.
Pros:
- Two years warranty
- Durable and sturdy handles.
- Nonreactive and non- toxic surface.
- Induction and gas stove compatible.
Cons:
- The coating comes off easily. Use it in low or medium flame.
5) Cello Kadai
This Kadai comes with a stainless steel lid, and it’s holding capacity is 2.5 liters. The product is easy to clean and maintain. Moreover, the thickness of the item is 3 mm, which helps in even heat distribution.
The weight of the item is 1 kg 40 grams. Overall you can consider this as a good product with a sleek and unique design.
Pros:
- Suitable for gas stove only.
- Easy to clean and maintain.
- Not spoilt by heat.
- One-year manufacturer warranty.
Cons:
- The lid is not of the finest quality.
6) Amazon Brand- Deep Kadai
This Kadai is anodized with a 46-micron aluminum oxide layer. The item is nonreactive and non-toxic. Its holding capacity is 2.5 liters. Not only this, the item comes with high-quality Bakelite handles, which ensures safe and convenient cooking.
It is easy to maintain and clean. You can go for this product without hesitation as if rightfully caters to your needs. The quality of the product is supreme, and its weight is about 1 kg 30 grams. Moreover, the thickness of the item is 3 mm, which helps in even heat distribution.
Pros:
- It offers comfortable holding.
- Non-toxic and nonreactive.
- Bakelite handles.
- Durable body.
- Value for money.
Cons:
- It is not induction friendly.
7) Prestige Cookware Kadai
This product has a wide base, which helps in even heat distribution and fast heating. Its lid is made up of Stainless Steel with good finishing. Additionally, the Kadai comes with Perma Cool handles, which ensures the safety and convenient cooking.
This is a must product to add in your kitchenware. It is a metal spoon and induction friendly. This cookware is 3.25 mm thick and weighs 900 grams. It supports fast heating and even heat distribution.
Pros:
- Induction compatible.
- Thick base.
- Stainless steel lid.
- Two years manufacturer warranty.
- Comfortable handle.
Cons:
- Undoubtedly, it’s a good product, but it is not non-stick cookware.
8) Prestige Cookware Tadka Pan
This pan is equipped with sturdy handles and an in-built stand. The cookware is sturdy and long-lasting. It is metal spoon friendly and is compatible with gas stoves as well. Not only this, it has a non-toxic and nonreactive surface. So, you can easily cook acidic and alkaline food in this cookware.
This pan comes with Bakelite handles, which would ensure safety in the kitchen. The weight of the product is 450 grams, and its holding capacity is 500 ml. This pan can be considered as a good product in this price range.
Pros:
- Bakelite handles for good grip.
- Nonreactive surface.
- Even heat distribution.
- Metal spoon friendly.
Cons:
- It is not induction based.
9) Coconut Curry Pot Cookware
This cookware is suitable for everyday use. It comes with a 3.25 mm thick body, which helps in even heat distribution. Additionally, it is a gas stove and induction compatible.
The holding capacity of this product is 3.25 liters and weighs about 920 grams. The product is value for money.
Pros:
- Durable body.
- Value for money.
- Even and quick cooking.
- Gas stove and Induction compatible.
Cons:
- The product doesn’t come with the lid.
10) Future Anodized Frying Pan
Future anodized frying pan comes with a 3.25 mm thick body and non-stick coating exclusively made in Germany. It cooks your food with less oil or butter. Moreover, the product comes with a stainless steel lid. It is compatible with domestic gas, halogen stoves, ceramic and electric gas.
The item has cool plastic handles to avoid accidents in the kitchen, and its surface retains heat as well. The weight of the item is 700 grams. Altogether, it’s a good product with comes with great features.
Pros:
- Two years manufacturer warranty.
- Non-stick coating exclusively made in Germany.
- Stay cool plastic handles for safety.
- Retains heat.
- Compatible with most cooking surfaces.
Cons:
- The product is not induction friendly.
Buying Guide for the Best Hardware Anodized Cookware in India
These are the points you have to remember while buying the best hardware anodized cookware for your home.
- The style of cooking: If you make acidic or alkaline food in the kitchen, we would highly recommend you to go for this cookware. It is nonreactive, rust-resistant, and durable as compared to other cookware. Additionally, it is safe and can survive high temperatures also.
- Durable and sturdy handles: It is important that you purchase a cookware set that comes with durable and sturdy handles. You don’t want your food to spill on the floor while you carry it towards the oven because of its weak handles. So, check their handles before purchasing the product.
- The size of the family: We would advise you to go for the basic set if you live alone or have a small family. Don’t go for the advanced set, which comes with multiple items. That would be a wastage. Neither less to say, it is completely subjective, and you are cooking various meals at the same time, you can always go with combo sets.
- Your Budget: Well, this is the most important factor that influences your buy. You can purchase anodized cookware at a reasonable price from affordable brands in India. Affordable doesn’t mean that they are of bad quality. If you maintain it well, then it can survive for a longer period of time.
Frequently Asked Questions
1) Are anodized cookware safe?
Yes, anodized cookware is safe. It can handle both acidic and alkaline food and is not reactive. Compared to basic aluminum cookware, anodized cookware is rust-resistant, easy to clean, and nonreactive. The aluminum is hardened to make it anodized, which can even survive high temperatures, unlike other cookware. So, you can definitely go for anodized cookware keeping all its features in mind.
2) Which is better, stainless steel or anodized cookware?
As anodized cookware comes with extra coating. So, obviously, it is strong and durable. It is considered to be more durable and long-lasting than stainless steel cookware. But keep your budget in mind because Anodized Cookware is expensive than stainless steel cookware.
3) Why anodized cookware?
Anodized cookware comes with extra coating. So, it is durable and sturdy. Not only this, anodized cookware is light-weighted and nonreactive. It can survive high temperatures as well. So, you can go for this cookware it is rust-resistant and affordable as well.
4) Difference between anodized and hard anodized?
The main two factors that differentiate anodized and hard anodized is their appearance and thickness. Hard anodized is thicker and has a uniform surface compared to anodized aluminum. The appearance difference is, hard anodized cookware has a rugged surface than anodized cookware.
5) Are anodized cookware Teflon free?
Yes, it is Teflon free. So, you can use it without any worries. Further including, all the products mentioned within the list are completely safe to use whatsoever.
Final Takeaway
This article is filled with all the necessary information that is needed while buying any cookware. You won’t have any issues if you follow this guide, and we have answered frequently asked questions as well.
Go through each product and see if it matches your preference or not. Then compare all the products, their features, their budget then makes a purchase. We hope this guide was of great help to you. We have tried our level best and include as much information as we could.Majestic Oaks RV Resort is a campground for folks 55 years and over looking for a special place to stay and get soaked in the infamous Florida sun.
This is a classy set up with 252 plus campsites and full RV hookups including electricity (20/30/50), sewer, and water, with internet and cable TV available. Super-spacious, grassy sites with paved roads make this regal resort a peaceful stopover or heavenly escape from the winter. Snowbird RVers frequent this resort where the age limit means fun, sunshine times, and the opportunity to make new friends with similar likes. Palm trees sway in a summer breeze offering a little shade.
Restrooms, showers, and a laundry area are all part of the service for your home away from home where you can relax by the heated pool or get together with friends for a game of bingo, horseshoes, shuffleboard, or tennis. Majestic Oaks features a clubroom, library, and gym so there is always plenty to do at this seniors Shangri-La in the south side of Florida.
If you’re traveling with your dog, there is no problem checking into this stylish, pet-friendly resort. The park rules ask owners to keep their dogs on a leash no longer than six feet and pick up their waste. It’s also a given that all woofers behave nicely around other campers and their dogs.
If you prefer staying in a rental unit, the resort has a modern, fully furnished apartment with a working kitchen, heating, and air-conditioning. It also features a separate bedroom, bathroom, and linen. This luxurious suite is ideal for senior travelers wanting up-market accommodation with hotel comforts.
Majestic Oaks RV Resort is a 3-mile drive to Zephyr Hills, known for its spring water and a history of attracting retirees since 1910 to the fabulous Florida weather. Skydiving is big news in this area and on a clear day, you'll get a private showing from poolside at the resort.Jackson Lyons
123 Any Town · USA 98109
someone@example.com · (425) 555.0139
Summary of Qualifications
I am looking for a challenging position of a Software Engineer for a leading company for advanced carrier.
- I have a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science.
- I am excellent in coding with the use of languages such as Java, XSL, AJAX, XML and JWS.
- I have various new feedback systems are developed and applied for system users, and bugs.
Professional Experience
Pyramid Engineering And Operations – Any Town, USA 2000 to Present
Software Engineer
- I support the system for surviving Internet for employees for development and designing.
- I work together to develop new banking software interfaces. Give support by surviving legacy systems to provide cases and interfaces that are created newly.
GDB Engineering Corp. – Any Town, USA 1997 to 2000
Software Engineer
- I create some documentation and web sites using HTML language.
- I write design documents, user documentation and test plan.Dax Shepard might have been traumatized during Kristen Bell's C-section, but the blonde beauty sounds like she had a really good time!
The "House of Lies" star stopped by Monday's "The Ellen DeGeneres Show," where she shared her side of her baby girl' birth.
Bell and Dax welcomed their second child together, Delta, in December ... but things didn't go quite as planned when Kristen had to undergo a last minute C-section.
"To be honest my perspective was, as someone who has never experimented with drugs, I really enjoyed it," she tells Ellen about her C-section in the clip. "It was kind of a wonderful experience for me. While they were doing it I actually thought what else could we get done down their while? Maybe lengthen the shins? I've always wanted to be like 5'7. Just anything to keep the epidural flowing. These modern hospitals man.. they treat you right."
It definitely sounds like the "Veronica Mars" star had a much better experience than her hubby, who told Ellen earlier this year that watching the surgery was like seeing an "autopsy."
"You might not want to watch the baby come out," Dax told Ellen in January. "Maybe not the greatest idea. But what they didn't warn me about was the C-section, which was way worse. After seeing this autopsy, I would rather see a school bus drive out of her vagina."
We think it's hilarious how these two had totally different experiences during the birth -- whose story do you like better? Sound off below and make sure to check out the clip above to see what Bell said about coming off all the drugs!Start the process for free with Visto Study today!Get Started!
Moving to a new country can be confusing, stressful and difficult. Coming to Canada on a study permit is a great option, but can be difficult to navigate on your own – which is why Visto Study is here to help you every step of the way!
There are thousands of colleges and universities in Canada. Our international student recruitment specialist, Junaid, will have a quick discussion with you and give you suggestions and tips (for free!) so you can pick the programs to consider and apply to.
There are a lot of service providers around the world, some of which provide unreliable or shady services. Visto is built by Canadian immigration lawyers, and all of our service providers are trusted, experienced professionals working in Canada to give you the best help possible.
Fill out the short form at the button below, so we can get a sense for where you’re at in the process and what you’re looking for. We want to make sure you’re someone we can help before taking up any more of your time!
If you’re a good fit for Visto Study, we will set up a call to learn more about you and give you some guidance on how to find the right schools to apply to, and the requirements that you might need in order to do so (like language exams, transcripts, previous grades, etc.).
If you’d like to continue working with us, we can help prepare and submit your applications to the colleges and universities you’re most interested in and provide more guidance on the next steps to securing your study permit.
Junaid is a passionate and innovative education sector professional with 8+ years of experience in managing international student recruitment, student employability/experiential learning and engagement initiatives, events, and relationship and partnership development. His focus is to help as many people as possible find the perfect Canadian university or college.
Junaid will be your main point of contact as you pick the best schools to apply to, and can submit your applications to Canadian colleges and universities on your behalf as well!
Josh Schachnow is a Toronto-based immigration lawyer. After spending 3+ years growing his own practice and helping over 30 companies and 100 people with Canadian immigration, he realized there were some big problems – people who wanted to move to Canada had a very difficult, confusing, stressful and expensive time navigating the journey.
It was then that he decided to solve that problem by starting Visto, a free platform that helps international students and skilled workers navigate the different Canadian immigration programs. All of the legal content on the platform is produced by Josh so you’ll be in good hands!Overview
Under normal circumstances, only users that are logged into ODN can access any of its content or URLs, including the links to download the PDF version of an edition. However, It could be the case that you observe that an unauthenticated user is able to access one or more hyperlinks that should only be visible to logged-in users. This is not the intended behavior for the product.
Solution
If you observe this issue going forward, you should raise a ticket with Support, including the following information:
- The URL(s) for which you have observed the issue.
- Whether it affects all editions, or just a specific edition, which you would need to indicate.
- Whether it can be reproduced by all users, or specific user(s), which you would need to indicate.
<supportagent>
This issue was observed in the past and fixed by engineering in OLIVES-19792. If this issue reoccurs for the same or other elements in ODN, once you are able to replicate it, please consider whether it affects all ODN instances, or just a specific publication or edition:
- If the issue affects only one edition or publication, consider liaising with SaaS as per the Olive Software Components and Routing Table.
- If it is observed to be a product-wide issue, please consider escalating to Engineering as per the Olive Software Components and Routing Table.
</supportagent>
Testing
Once the issue is resolved, the element locked behind authentication should not be accessible for users who have not logged in as required.
Please sign in to leave a comment.We have added a new Upcoming Races menu to the TimeformUS site.
Upon logging in, you will see this Upcoming Races button in the top navigation on every TimeformUS page:
Click it to open the Upcoming Races menu. This menu will display all remaining races today, from all tracks, listed in post time order. We use our live minutes to post feed to give you the most accurate post times available. For tracks where we do not have live minutes to post data, we use the published post times.
Upon opening the menu, click any race to be taken to the PPs. Using this menu will significantly cut down the time and number of clicks it takes you to navigate from race-to-race and track-t0-track. Taking a look at tomorrow’s stakes race at Santa Anita, but want to see the upcoming race at Aqueduct? You’re two clicks and about two seconds away.
If you haven’t bought PPs, you’ll instead be taken to the Preview page for that race, and you can click any horse’s name to buy PPs.
Please note that this is our first version of this menu, and we’ll be adding more features to it in the days and weeks to come.
We hope you enjoy this new feature and encourage you to send any feedback to us at Support@TimeformUS.com
Yeah, we know. We’re going to add a racefinder view option to it, but we wanted to get it out there to start. Will also add claiming prices and perhaps race ratings. We think you’ll enjoy it during the raceday as it is wired to tote for most tracks.
This new feature eliminates the need to go back and forth between the Race Finder and PPs, but the Race Finder settings do not stick and carry over to this menu even though it gives you the option to go there and change them. If you are only interested in certain types of races you still have to go to Race Finder. It would be really nice if your settings carried forward, but this is a good feature as is.Three No Deposit Sports Betting Tips
Sports betting is the act of placing a bet on the outcome of a sports event and predicting sports results. There are various ways to place sports bets. Most sports books, sports betting online sites, and news sources will offer betting options for a variety of games. The number of bets which can be placed daily varies by country, with most bets being positioned on Sunday mornings.
If you are just getting into sports betting, it is important to know a few terms. In most states, sports betting is known as illegal. Although this isn’t true everywhere, in most places it isn’t legal to bet on sports. However, some arenas and companies allow bettors to place wagers while in the stands at a game. It is a gray area, so you should research your neighborhood laws before betting on any game.
When placing a sports betting wager, you will see a screen that lists the chances. These odds are and only the team or player that you’re placing your bet on. For example, if you are a Seattle Seahawks fan, the chances of you winning on a football game will be about one in ten thousand. The odds of a team winning will be the same, when you click to come back to the previous page, you’ll see there are also odds listed for the team you are betting on. These odds will help you decide whether to put a bet on your favorite team or another person.
Once you view the odds, you will see that some sports betting lines have very high standards for what takes its win. For example, a football game with a total score of seventy-one points is a perfect match for a sports betting line that has the score at least seventy-two points. If you win your bet by this amount, you’ve gained a profit.
Once you view the odds and place your bets, you might encounter what “no deposit match” next to the odds. If you’re thinking about sports betting and don’t yet have a account with a sports book, these no deposit matches could be for you. If you opt to try one of these types of bets, you will have to find one that offers them. Some sites require a deposit before you place a bet, while others let you do so without one.
Generally terms, a no deposit match refers to bets where the 스핀 카지노 odds have already been set at a percentage lower be grouped together, and bettors who place bets on fourteen of the teams will be grouped together. Depending on the way the sports books come up with their odds, bettors may end up paying more or less than what the normal prices are for each game.
One type of no deposit sports betting that is gaining in popularity is the round robin bet. A round robin bet is basically a point spread bet, nonetheless it uses rotational symmetry to create it an improved deal. What’s nice about point spreads is you know certainly which team has more chances of winning by a certain number of points. However, because rotational symmetry is an unreliable system, sometimes it isn’t easy to correctly predict the amount of points a team might win by. With a round robin bet, the bettors split the amount they stake between all of the games they bet on, and are guaranteed to get their cash back if they pick a winner.
No deposit sports betting can be an exciting way to have fun when you’re looking to get into sports betting. The very best part about it is that you don’t need to pay any fees or commissions to put your bets. With an excellent system and good sports betting tips, you should have a lot of success with your no deposit sports betting campaign.Result takes the side to the top.
It was a sixth straight Serie A win for Stefano Pioli’s side but a far from vintage performance against a Torino team which played its part and could have earned at least a point with some sharper finishing.
Arnaut Danjuma scored five minutes into stoppage time as Villarreal salvaged a 3-3 draw against Cadiz in the Spanish league.
The results:
Serie A: AC Milan 1 (Giroud 14) bt Torino 0; Spezia 1 (Sirigu 66-og) drew with Genoa 1 (Criscito 85).
Venezia 1 (Aramu 14) lost to Salernitana 2 (Bonazzoli 61, Schiavone 90+5).
La Liga: Alaves 1 (Ndiaye 47) bt Elche 0; Espanyol 1 (De Tomas 33-pen) drew with Athletic Bilbao 1 (Williams 52).
Villarreal 3 (Torres 43, Dia 80, Danjuma 90+5) drew with Cadiz 3 (Lozano 14, 45+1, 52).
Source: Read Full ArticleSee All
Preferences
My Communities
My Discussions
My Email Digests
Dennis I'm so very sorry for your loss and the pain you're going through. I wish words were enough to make the pain go away. It can be very devastating to lose a pet. Especially your Bubba! He was your buddy!
I'm glad that you had him in your life and I'm glad that of all the places he could've ended up in this world he ended up in your home. You are such a good and kind man Dennis. Everyone that has had the opportunity to know you has been blessed.
I want you to know that you are loved and cared for too! I'm sorry again friend (((HUGS)))View Thread
I just remember it made a lot of sense. It was a looong time ago! Lol, probably a couple years ago! I've thought about it at different times, but never remembered it completely. I was pretty sure it was you that wrote it.View Thread
I want to offer another point of view about suicide though. Once a person commits suicide they create a legacy in their family. Once one person does it it opens the door to others to do it. It becomes more acceptable as a way to deal with things.
The father of my friend's children is suicidal due to psychiatric reasons and he's had other family members who have committed suicide. It's now a part of their family legacy. It's now an option to those children. And it will be for their children.
Your life does have value to your loved ones. I'm sure they appreciate that you are still here for them.
Have you looked into a holistic doctor for treatment? Some people like to exhaust all options before they try holistic. Maybe you're there. It's not really as crazy as it sounds. A holistic 'doctor' is a medically trained doctor just like the doctor you see now they just have a different approach to finding the solutions. A whole body approach. I'm just trying to offer another solution to your pain.
I pray you're able to find new solutions and live a life without the pain. I know that may sound ridiculous with the amount of pain you live with but I pray it all the same. Take careView Thread
I've had a very nice day. I have the feast here at my house so I've been quite busy! It was a good day. Things quieted done sooner than I would've liked, but I think it's good cuz my body's ready to give up lol!
Take care friendView Thread
Maybe you gave them an opening, but so what, that could be said about any post here. When people post here they make themselves vulnerable and there are people who choose to take advantage of that.
There's nothing wrong with coming here and venting. Most of us have done that. It's good to get that initial weight off ourselves. It helps us to handle our situations in a more productive manner when it's time.
Unfortunately, sometimes we need to harden to people in this world. Especially on the internet where people get especially cruel behind the safety of their keyboards.
I don't think you should let this person or any other 'hater' take away from your experience here. If you ignore instead of engage them they will go away. I know that's easier said than done since they can really shoot low. Also I know you all are very close and treat each other as family and are very open. Don't let someone take that away from you!
Take care
I don't think what I said was enough to delete an entire thread so I assume something more happened..Physician - Geriatric Medicine
Company: Yale New Haven Health - Northeast Medical Group
Location: Bridgeport
Posted on: November 12, 2021
Job Description:
Internal Medicine opening in Bridgeport, Connecticut. This and
other physician jobs brought to you by DocCafe.com
Physician Opportunity – Geriatric Medicine Milford, CT. This position will provide inpatient consultative services at a 383 bed academic community hospital and satellite locations. You will Or Staff Physician Recruiter at
- Collegial and supportive environment with access to resources and specialists across the continuum of care
- Volunteer academic and research opportunities
- Leadership opportunities
- Flexible schedule to ensure work/life balance
- Employment model with competitive compensation with excellent benefit and retirement plans including a pension and matching 403B, vacation, CME, malpractice including tail coverage and more!
Keywords: Yale New Haven Health - Northeast Medical Group, Bridgeport , Physician - Geriatric Medicine, Healthcare , Bridgeport, Connecticut- OSI-Approved Open Source (11)
- Creative Commons Attribution License (1)
- Other License (1)
- Public Domain (1)
- Linux (10)
- Modern (10)
- Windows (10)
- Grouping and Descriptive Categories (9)
- Mac (6)
- BSD (3)
- Other Operating Systems (3)
- Embedded Operating Systems (2)
Boot Software
Kernelloader
Run Linux on the Playstation 2116 weekly downloads
LeopardAssist
Install OS X Leopard on some unsupported Macs.229
Cloudium OS
Cloudium OS is being written in pure ASM with cloud computing in mindobo XCSoar Launcher
a customizable boot menu for your Kobo Mini2 weekly downloads
Startup Selector
open a group of programs after Windows logon2 weekly downloadsThe city has unveiled a makeover plan for the Overlook Park section of the Great Falls National Historical Park that creates an improved view of the Great Falls from McBride Avenue extension and calls for the relocation of the iconic Alexander Hamilton statute to a more photographable location.
Mayor Jose “Joey” Torres unveiled the plan at the Great Falls National Historical Park’s Federal Advisory Commission on Thursday, October 20th, 2016. City historic preservation director Gianfranco Archimedes presented visuals to the commission.
Archimedes did not provide a copy of the presentation which illustrates the changes that will be made at the park. The changes not only include the relocation of the statue to allow visitors to capture photographs with the founding father with the water fall as the backdrop, but also a redone parking lot with green areas and trees.
The key improvement in the plan is an extended and redesigned viewing plaza on the upper level of Overlook Park where visitors have the best view of the water fall.
There’s also a paved pathway, stairs, and catwalk connecting visitors from the parking area across the presently inaccessible embankment over to the footbridge to Mary Ellen Kramer Park which was fully renovated in August 2015.
Torres envisages a new entrance from McBride Avenue directly to the high-elevated area of the park for a sublime view of the falls. The parking lot wall will be demolished to open up the plaza where the current Alexander Hamilton statue is situated, said Archimedes.
The street level Great Falls Historical National Park sign will be replaced with a permanent sign that sits on the rocks that are currently behind the sign, said officials. Some of the members of the commission asked about the fence that runs along McBride Avenue.
Torres said the fence is a wrought iron fence that can be taken out and restored by sand blasting it. He said the overgrowth that lies along the walkway from McBride Avenue will be landscaped. The mayor said some of it has been cleared already.
There’s $1.5 million in city, county, state, and federal funds for the project, said officials. The city hopes to award a contract for the work in January and have it completed by the summer of 2017.
“The makeover of Overlook Park is coming just as we are seeing significant increases in visitation to the national park,” said Darren Boch, superintendent of the Paterson Great Falls National Historical Park. “Working in partnership with the city, state and county governments, very tangible progress is being made in the park to enhance the visitor experience and create a destination that rises to the level of Paterson’s national importance.”
There’s been very few improvements or amenities added to Overlook Park since it opened more than 50 years ago.
“It is encouraging to see improvements and I invite Patersonians, the region and the nation to share in and enjoy the possibilities of recreation, happy family moments, and tourism within the backdrop of our city jewel the Great Falls in the Passaic River,” said Torres in a statement on Monday morning.
The plan is being reviewed by federal, state, country, and local agencies.American Restoration Water & Fire, LLC. ,3535 Princeton Dr. NE , Albuquerque, NM 87107
Monday : Open All Day
Tuesday : Open All Day
Wednesday : Open All Day
Thursday : Open All Day
Friday : Open All Day
Saturday : Open All Day
Sunday : Open All Day
American Restoration Water & Fire, LLC., is a locally owned and operated damage restoration company in New Mexico. We pride ourselves in keeping our customers and business partners informed throughout the restoration and repair process, and in being responsive to needs and concerns. Our services include water removal equipment, fire damage restoration, water damage restoration, mold removal, plumbing, and more. Call us today for more information.
Water & Fire Damage Restoration, Flood Assistance, Plumbers, Hazardous Materials & Waste Contractors, Mold, Mildew, Moisture Control & Abatement
Call TodayRumors and leaks have been pointing to Android 7.0 Nougat launching today, and here’s yet another sign of that happening. Google just published the new website for Android 7.0 Nougat, which shows off some of their more consumer-friendly features. Including things like multi-window, faster multi-tasking and new emojis. It’s a pretty neat looking website, and if you want to know everything that’s new in Nougat, this is a great place to check.
Android 7.0 Nougat has been made official already, but the stable version of the operating system has not yet been made official. Many are expecting the final version to begin its roll out today to a number of Nexus devices. Like the Nexus 6P, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6, Nexus 9, Nexus Player and the Pixel C. However, the next-generation of Nexus devices aren’t likely to be announced today or with Android 7.0 Nougat. The new website even shows that the LG V20 will definitely be the first smartphone to launch with Android 7.0 Nougat. Which means that whatever HTC has cooking up with Google (whether it be Nexus branded or not), they won’t be launching until after the LG V20 – which the South Korean company will be announcing on September 6th in New York. That lines up nicely with previous rumors on the new Nexus devices coming on October 4th, as well.
Google hasn’t yet made Nougat official, but with the new website going up today, the update to Android 7.0 is definitely imminent. Soon, everyone will be able to use multi-window on their smartphones, as well as experience the next step in material design and so much more that Nougat has to offer. On a lot of levels, Nougat looks to be a pretty small update to Android, but it’s actually a fairly large one. Of course, it’ll only be available for Nexus devices and Android One devices at launch. But we should be seeing updates to other flagships rather quickly, especially since OEMs have had their hands on the code for quite some time already. Especially when it comes to LG, and the fact that their beta test for Nougat on the LG G5 begins today in South Korea.Australia's core inflation accelerated more than expected in the third quarter, data from the Australian Bureau of Statistics showed on Wednesday. The weighted median measure of core inflation accelerated to 2.1 percent from 1.6 percent in the second quarter. The expected rate was 1.8 percent. This was the strongest inflation since 2015. On a monthly basis, the underlying measure gained 0.7 percent. Meanwhile, consumer price inflation slowed to 3 percent in the September quarter from 3.8 percent in the prior quarter. On a quarterly basis, consumer prices logged a steady growth of 0.8.PONTIAC GRAND AM CHOKE PROBLEM
1998 Pontiac Grand Am • 145 miles
MY CAR ONE DAY START CHOKE AND STOP ON ME, I was told that it was my spark plug, regulator, starter, all these thing been changed.
I dont know what to do. It been put on machine.
I dont know what to do. It been put on machine.
Guest
December 30, 2012.
December 30, 2012.
Ok, what was the code?
Roy
Roy
ASEMaster6371
Dec 30, 2012.
Dec 30,Food Rheology: Importance, Applications and Future Scope
Description:
Rheology deals with the flow and deformation behavior of materials whereas tribology is the field describing friction, wear, and lubricating behavior of mating interfaces. While rheology is extensively used to characterize flow properties such as viscosity and viscoelastic behavior in the food and beverage industry, tribology is a relatively newer technique which has gained immense traction over the past decade. The current webinar showcases both these characterization techniques with focus on test methodologies and applications. Real life examples of food and beverage samples including ketchup, cheese, starch, coffee would be discussed here.
Key Takeaways:
- Basics of Rheology: Definition, Instrumentation, Test Methodologies
- Understanding food material flow and deformation behavior
- Determining the influence of time, temperature, and stresses on the stability of food samples
- Specific case studies involving dairy products, ketchup, etc.
- Brief introduction into Food Tribology
Trainer: Dr. Kartik Pondicherry, Dr. Pichan Prabhasankar.
Dr. Pichan Prabhasankar obtained his Ph.D. in Biochemistry in 1996 and has more than 25 years of experience in research on Food Science, Biotechnology, Biochemistry and Immunochemistry. He completed Lead Auditor for ISO 14001 and Internal Auditor programs for ISO 9001 and ISO 14001. He is the Chief Editor for Indian Food Industry, AFST(I), India (2010-2012) and the Editor-in-Chief for Journal of Food Science and Technology, Springer (2013-2015). He developed twenty-eight processes out of which twenty-six processes transferred to industries for commercialization. He won many awards in different national and international conferences and has completed several federal and sponsored research projects.
Get free access now!
Simply fill out the form below to receive free access to tools and restricted content.May enjoyed the book and interviewing Ryan. Thanks for coming on the show if you are reading this, Ryan. We hope you are navigating this situation with ease.
We have been waiting for this for a long time and are happy to share with you now. Akashik has released his album Long Forgotten. We didn't forget, Akashik and on this episode we are sharing Long Forgotten as our Feature Album. From it, we hear the title track Long Forgotten, Look Inside Yourself, and Firedance.
Cernunnos Rising and Tuatha Dea complete the musical lineup for this episode. From Cernunnos Rising we hear Green Man (Last Tree Standing) from the Wild Soul Album.
From their self titled album Tuatha Dea, we hear Whiskey in the Jar.
Thanks for downloading the show.
Thanks for walking The Wigglian Way.From the first strains of music to the popping of the last cork, your wedding catering company needs to orchestrate your big day to perfection. We at Boca Joe’s Catering are here to make your special day a dynamic and memorable event, no matter how large or select it is.
Full-Service Wedding Catering
Your wedding is a day you will always remember. Make the food and service equally memorable and unique by choosing Boca Joe’s for your reception needs. We are a Wedding Wire Bride’s Choice Award winner for 2013. Our professionals are perfectly able to help you with every stage of planning your celebration, including the engagement party, showers, rehearsal dinner, reception, and post-wedding brunch.
We have more than 20 years of experience making this most exciting event something you, as bride and groom, will enjoy as much as the people who attend. Our experienced wedding catering team takes the effort out of planning the menu. We will ensure the entire reception proceeds smoothly from set-up to clean-up – a work of art!
We would like to begin by meeting with you and discussing your idea of the perfect catered wedding reception. We will talk about your budget, guest list, favorite flavors, and setting. Every detail will be covered, from cocktails to dessert.
We understand every facet of your party must be meticulously planned, even if you like spontaneity, and we will make sure nothing important is left to chance.
Professional Service
As a specialist in wedding catering, our team will coordinate seamlessly with your planner, florist, baker, venue manager, photographer, and music provider; after all, it takes teamwork to pull off the biggest day in most people’s lives. We want you and your guests to remember the beauty of the atmosphere as well as the reason for the gathering. If you need suggestions on service providers, we will be glad to share them with you.
Wedding Catering – The Choice is Yours
We know that every couple is unique, and we understand your desire to reflect this in your celebration. That is why we take the time to get to know you and be perfectly sure of what you want well ahead of time.
Would you like a tended bar after the ceremony? A butler-served champagne toast? Whether your plan is something along traditional lines or your want something fresh and informal, you will get exactly what you are aiming for and so much more. No matter what your preferences, we guarantee service that is seamless and attentive.
Wedding buffet catering – If you prefer a more casual atmosphere, our wedding buffet catering choices encourage mingling and movement. This can be the perfect choice when extended families are getting to know each other or you want to please many palates at once.
Professional Wedding Catering
As South Florida’s wedding catering specialist, we have been helping people celebrate new beginnings since 1990. We know how important this day is to you, and we will pull out all the stops when it comes to satisfying you and your guests on every level. No matter what your budget is, we can develop a menu and presentation that will leave your guests raving about your style and sophistication.
Tasting Menus
We want you to be pleased with every dish we serve your guests so we can arrange a tasting of menu selections at your convenience. Whether you want to choose from our popular favorites or design your own menu – for example, Latin or vegetarian-friendly fare – we offer you flexibility. You will always know in advance what your guests will experience when they gather to celebrate your marriage.
We have spent many years and countless hours developing and perfecting our selection of cold and hot appetizers, inspiring entrees, and decadent desserts for catered events. Our menus allow you to mix and match choices that will please every palate and leave your guests satisfied.
When you want your wedding catering to be just right, you need a caterer who is seasoned, professional, and able to deliver exactly what you envision. After all, it is your day! Call us today for a free consultation. We promise to exceed your expectations.
We proudly provide full-service wedding catering in Miami, Fort Lauderdale, West Palm Beach and throughout South Florida. Call us today for a free quote!We are seeking a development partner.
Renewal SA is committed to ensuring that key stakeholders, including the community, are engaged as part of the planning process..
1 April 2021 in Development Opportunities, About us, Forestville
In this update, our Board’s Presiding Member Con Tragakis shares the importance of our role in delivering property and urban renewal projects in South Australia, and our latest offer to the development market in Forestville—one of Adelaide’s last remaining vacant city fringe locations.
31 March 2021 in Development Opportunities, Forestville
One of Adelaide’s last remaining vacant city fringe locations – the former Le Cornu site at Forestvile – is now being offered for sale by Renewal SA.iPhones are More Safe to Spyware, Malware, Trojans, Worms, and Virus Attacks According to FBI and Homeland Security Reports ~ Android SmartPhones are over 100 times more Vulnerable to Virus Attacks ~ FBI Reports say Most Androids are being Infected with Spyware, Viruses, Trojans, Worms, Malware Attacks ~ What Should You Do 🍎😎😎😎😎😎😎
🌐 iPhones Safer to Viruses with only 0.7% (less than one percent) actually being Infected
🌐 Androids are Highly Vulnerable as 79% of all Android smartphones have been successfully subjected to Spyware, Viruses, Trojans, Worms, Malware Attacks
🌐 These Vulnerability findings were the result of investigations conducted by U.S. Department of Homeland Security and the FBI who have issued joint reports Reports, displayed below. Android smartphones are 112 times more likely (than the iPhone) to be Infected by Spyware, Trojans, Worms, Malware, and Virus Attacks. Androids smartphones have experienced an astonishing 79% of all SmartPhone Malware attacks.
.
🌐 iPhones are Vastly Safer to Spyware, Malware, Trojans, Worms, and Virus Attacks According to FBI and Homeland Security Reports. Conversely, Android SmartPhones are over 100 times More Vulnerable to Virus Attacks. FBI Reports say Most Androids are being Infected with Spyware, Viruses, Trojans, Worms, Malware Attacks. What Should You Do ?
🌐 Android’s Security RISK is due to "Android Operating System Fragmentation". More than 80% of Android users are using significantly Older Android OS Versions.
🌐 Why are Android Users Not Updating their Operating System? Android users are fearful of having their smartphones or their Apps become inoperable. Even though Android users are significantly more Vulernable to Viruses, Worms, Trojans, Spyware, and Malware, they foolishly choose to remain with either (a) Ice cream Sandwich (b) Ginger Bread or (c) Jelly Bean operating systems.
🌐 Android, new Kit Kat OS has become more secure to virus vulnerabilities; however, over 80% the Android user-base have Not updated to the new Kit kat version of their operating system.
🌐 There are 2 Primary Reasons that Android smartphone users are Not Upgrading to Android’s New Kit Kat operating system. The large number of hardware modes and the android open architecture operating system, working in combination, are actually preventing a huge percentage of this group to upgrade routinely, without scrapping their hardware, and buying an entirely new smartphone.
1⃣ There are literally about 11,800 different Android hardware devices in operation. Android simply cannot keep up with their Operating System vulnerabilities, nor can the Android designers convince their users to upgrade, which would protect many of them. With 11,800 android smartphone models to deal with, Android developers and software engineers made the hard decision to “abandon support” for the earlier (older) hardware models, in order to satisfy the needs of the Newest Hardware devices for competitive purposes.
2⃣ Its also about the Apps. The hundreds of thousands of amazing Applications created by the Android independent development community, have to directly address the programming language provided by the Android Operating System that most users have adopted. Android users that carry older android devices, with inferior specifications, this entire group of folks, are actually prevented from upgrading, as the New Kit Kat will not work with the older Apps or the older hardware.
🌐 Android Users are becoming more aware and annoyed at this continued Android operating system Fragmentation problem.
This topic is leading many industry experts in predicting that for 2014 and 2015 there may be a tsunami of iPhone 6 sales, boosted by 35% of existing Android users jumping over to Apple, due to the above points, plus Apple’s decision to offer larger more dramatic color 4.7″ and 5.5″ retina displays.
🌐 Several years ago SmartPhone User Groups were rejoicing on Android’s decision to utilize an "Open Architecture." Conversely, Apple has been vilified because of their Developers strict compliance with their Apple iOS "closed system" codecs. Granted, for the "tinkerer" having an "open" architecture can be fun while some users diddle with their smartphone’s interface, but the unintended consequence results in operating system Fragmentation.
🌐 Ninety Percent (90%) of Apple’s Installed User base consisting of about 700,000,000 iPhones and iPads have already updated to iOS7. Apple iOS7 firmware was released the same week in September, 2013 as was Android’s Kit Kat operating system 4.4. However, because of Android’s "open architecture" of the smartphone hardware and its operating system, only 17.9% of Android users have updated to Kit Kat.
🌐 Android users, 82.1% of the Android users, have NOT updated their operating system to the newest firmware, making this very large percentage of users vulnerable to Viruses, Worms, Trojans, Spyware, and Malware, and the BAD GUYS know it.
🌐 Android Smartphone that are vulnerable to Viruses, Worms, Trojans, Spyware, and Malware. Because of this vulnerability, hundreds of millions of android smartphone users have placed at risk their Personal identity, Family identity, Relationships, Bank identifications, Personal financial data, Credit Card information, Insurance information, the user’s Physical Location and Photographic identity.
🌐 Recall that sophisticated forms of mobile Spyware and Malware are capable of activating your smartphone’s Microphone, Digital Cameras, record key-strokes, and GPS systems to track your every location, without your knowledge or awareness. With today’s smartphones, and all the terrific Apps available to it, these handhelds are much more that "mobile phones."
🌐 We use Smartphones for banking, communicating, emailing, texting, shopping, booking airline tickets, housing boarding passes, books, movies, gaming… its usefulness is unlimited, therefore, Security is Very Important. We carry in our pockets and purses more Personal Identity information than is housed in File Cabinets and Lock Boxes. But many do not protect their SmartPhone’s information and access… 90% of Apple iOS users, about 700 million of them, have updated to the iOS7, where iOS7_16<<
Pleased you’re reading, with over 58 give you a reminder (no Ads of course) with a link to my new Story:
To learn more about what else we do, take a moment and visit these links, browse around. We are pleased with over 24,934,205 visits as of May 29,_24<<Ahh! I'm like three years late to discover a new entry in Apple's review guidelines! (Why this wasn't shouted from the rooftops at the time by the Apple news sources I follow, I don't know!)
My Groundhog Day loop of answering the same email question every day about "why can't I use my unlock key on the iPad?" will finally be over!My Groundhog Day loop of answering the same email question every day about "why can't I use my unlock key on the iPad?" will finally be over!Apple wrote: 3.1.3(b) Multiplatform Services: Apps that operate across multiple platforms may allow users to access content, subscriptions, or features they have acquired in your app on other platforms or your web site, including consumable items in multi-platform games, provided those items are also available as in-app purchases within the app.
The "Where will my purchase work?" matrix on the unlock page will finally be able to read "Buy here: use anywhere!" So good! (I also just learned a couple weeks ago that apps can finally opt-into having Apple's Family Sharing feature work for in-app purchases, which I did for Synthesia immediately. So many roadblocks removed for everyone!)
The unlock key text box will be in the very next Synthesia for iPad update (which may go out as a small bug-fix style release just to get it in everyone's hands faster)!Description.Garden to Table, Circa 1650
Garden to Table, Circa 1650
FARM TO TABLE. THAT PHRASE now appears on menus, websites, blogs—it sounds so up-to-the-minute, so modern. Yet, looking at Het Vermakelijk Land-leven (The Pleasurable Country Life), a seventeenth-century Dutch gardening book, it’s immediately clear that the concept is centuries old. The book contains De Verstandige Kock (The Sensible Cook)—the only cookbook left from the Dutch Golden Age, which explains how to prepare the fruits and vegetables grown in the garden to best advantage.
This 342-year-old book helps us understand the contents and purpose of kitchen gardens of the early Dutch settlers in the Hudson Valley. It clarifies what seeds and trees were brought to the New World and offers insights into the colonial diet.
It seems probable that if Dutch settlers of the last quarter of the seventeenth century brought books with them to the New World, The Pleasurable Country Life might have been among them. Many copies are held in libraries all across America. First published in 1667, it contains a wealth of information on gardening, orchards, beekeeping, herbs, distilling, medicines and food preservation.
Continue...
Why these kinds of gardening books were popular with the well-to-do, upper-middle class of the Netherlands is made clear in the introduction to the first section, “The Dutch Gardener,” by Jan van der Groen. He expounds that country life is pleasurable, as it lures people to where the air is pleasant and sweet, and where everything one needs “in food and sustenance has to be taken from the land, from the orchard, and the garden, which can be had fresher and [as] a better buy than in the cities.” Van der Groen also sees life in the country as healthier and perhaps “holier”—there are “multiple things with which to glorify, laud, thank and praise the great Creator.” Van der Groen even lists various people who have written poems about their country houses, including Dutch botanist Petrus Hondius and the country’s most famous poet of the era, Jacob Cats.
All of this makes clear that the upper middle class at the time thought highly of country living. People made their gardens into a lusthof, or Garden of Delight. There was a distinct difference between the French garden (this was when Louis XIV used 36,000 workers to create his gardens at Versailles) and the Dutch garden, with its simpler house and garden, which was walled or bordered by canals.
In this handy book, each plant and tree is discussed separately; the book even contains a planting calendar and advice on grafting and other techniques. There was a great interest in fruit and produce at the time. The first herbal, written in Dutch and therefore more accessible, was printed in 1554. The cities of Leiden and Amsterdam had (and still have) a Hortus Botanicus filled with native and foreign plants brought to Dutch shores by seafarers and traders from countries as far away as Indonesia, Sri Lanka, South Africa and the Americas.
Van der Groen’s information, combined with what was written by Petrus Nijlant in the second part of the book, as well as the recipes in The Sensible Cook, suggest what might have been available and known to the settlers who came to the New World. More information is contained in Adriaen van der Donck’s description of New Netherland’s kitchen gardens in A Description of New Netherland (The Iroquoians and Their World), recently re-translated by Diederik Willem Goedhuys and edited by Dr. Charles Gehring and William Starna (University of Nebraska Press, 2010; $24.95 softcover). Jeremiah van Rensselaer’s correspondence (1651–1674) and Maria van Rensselaer’s letters give more contemporary impressions of New Netherland.
The Dutch colony was a vast area wedged between New England and Virginia. The settlers who came here brought with them seeds, tree stock and cattle. Kitchen gardens were started as soon as a house was built. The settlers contributed the foodstuffs we now readily associate with the Hudson River Valley: cabbage, carrots, peas, onions, parsnips and turnips; herbs such as parsley, rosemary or chives, and fruits such as apples, pears and peaches. Van der Donck reports that by 1655 they all “thrive well.” In his 1749– 1750 diary a century later, Swedish botanist Peter Kalm marvels at peach trees bearing such abundant fruit that roaming pigs gorge themselves.
The Dutch brought with them various apple and pear trees as well as cherry trees, which “thrive[s] remarkably well.” They also introduced peaches, nectarines, apricots, plums, almonds, persimmons, cornel cherries, figs, several kinds of currants, Dutch gooseberries, licorice and clove trees. Van der Donck sums up: “[I]n short, many kinds of fruit trees and plant varieties that grow in this country [the Netherlands] are now [1655] already plentiful in New Netherland or are being imported by fanciers.” Incidentally, he credits the English for introducing the quince.)
Van der Donck goes on to discuss the plethora of vegetables available: “The vegetables in New Netherland are many and varied, some known of old among the Indians, others brought over from other parts, though mostly from the Netherlands.” They comprise several varieties of lettuce, cabbage, parsnips, yellow and red carrots, beets, endive, chicory, fennel, sorrel, dill, spinach, radishes, horseradish, parsley, chervil, onions, chives and “whatever else is normally in a cabbage or kitchen garden” besides laurel, artichokes and asparagus.
He also lists what grows in the herb gardens: rosemary, lavender, hyssop, thyme, sage, marjoram, balm, garlic, wormwood, (an ingredient in absinthe, bitters and vermouth) toadflax, (a bitter herb related to the snapdragon) leek, clary (grown for its oils), burnet, dragon’s blood (a dye), cinquefoil (used to reduce fever and internal bleeding) and tarragon.
It’s often fascinating to see how some of those fruits and vegetables were prepared and brought to the Dutch table of the time. Apples, for example, were eaten with mutton, tripe or blood sausage, mixed with red cabbage as well as sauerkraut, and dipped in batter and deep fried. Medicinally, they were used against diarrhea and heartburn or used as a plaster on infections or to reduce the pain from breast cancer. The Sensible Cook uses apples in pancakes and has five recipes for raised apple pies. Small, young artichokes were eten raw with a little sauce of oil and vinegar with pepper, salt and sugar. The Sensible Cook uses them precooked in stews; Van der Groen’s co-author and physician, Petrus Nijlant, proclaimed “they increase carnal appetites.” Asparaus were boiled and then eaten with oil, vinegar and pepper or with melted butter and a sprinkling of ground nutmeg. The Sensible Cook also uses them in a hutspot (stew) of mutton. Beans, lentils and peas were the main ingredients for a mush or thick soup called potagie that was the daily fare of the poor. They were cultivated in the fields in the way of grain and were grown in our area, as well.
Cabbage was cooked with milk and bacon or with some meat. There were many varieties in use:
- Red cabbage was cultivated extensively in the Low Lands and exported to Germany, France and England.
- White cabbage, conically shaped, was used for sauerkraut, which was served aboard ship to prevent scurvy.
- Savoy cabbage, from the area between southern France and Italy, is sensitive to spring frost. The Sensible Cook prepares it in mutton broth or serves it with the broth, olive oil and salt.
- Green cabbage was widely cultivated in or around the city of Leyden, earning this cabbage the moniker “Leyden cabbages.” From Albany, Jeremiah van Rensselaer asked his family to send him seeds for this variety. Red and green cabbages were used in coleslaw in Albany, as we know from Peter Kalm’s diary. Green cabbage leaves often were used as bandages or plasters.
Cauliflower was considered a fine (therefore expensive) vegetable. The Sensible Cook has two recipes—in one, cauliflower is stewed in mutton broth with pepper, salt and nutmeg and topped with minced cooked egg yolks. It is also used together with Jerusalem artichokes, endive and celery in an elaborate stew of chicken, mutton, pigeons, sheep feet, small meatballs and sausages. Cherries were cultivated in Flanders and around the cities of Breda and Utrecht. They were an expensive fruit in the Netherlands and settlers must have been very happy that cherry trees “thrived” in New Netherland. Cherries were used in jams or syrup, as well as in tarts. Cucumbers and lettuces were used for salads— the cucumbers often were cut ahead of time, sprinkled with salt and set aside until ready to use. (The Sensible Cook uses them that way and also gives a recipe for pickles; Petrus Nijlant suggests pickling them with fennel seed, horseradish and spices and says “they increase the appetite.”) Salads consisted of a large variety of greens with green herbs and edible flowers. They were eaten at the beginning of the meal “to open the stomach,” as a period physician advised. This might be where the American custom originated.
Gooseberries medicinally were used to prevent miscarriages. The Sensible Cook bakes the berries in a raised pie. Van der Donck marvels at the profusion of grapes that grew wild in New Netherland. He said that with some “human industry” these could be made into wines “as good as from any quarter of Germany or France” (where the Dutch purchased their wines). When those wines were sent to New Netherland they often were mixed with local wine (as we learn from the Van Rensselaer correspondence). Unripe grapes can be marinated in vinegar with mustard seed and served as a relish, or be used for verjus, a common flavoring at the time that is coming back into favor.
Petrus Hondius, who wrote a long poem about his country house, tells how he cultivated seven different kinds of melons in his garden (though period doctors advised against their use). All these varieties originated in southern countries like Egypt or Greece. Onions are among the oldest cultivated plants in the world; in the Netherlands, onions were a daily food. Farmers ate them raw with bread in the fields, and onions were used medicinally as well.
Parsnips were, together with carrots, cabbages, onions and turnips, the most usual vegetables and important food for the poor in a time when potatoes were not yet eaten. The Sensible Cook has a recipe for a mutton stew with parsnips and “all sorts of greens.” Yellow carrots were cooked, but others were eaten raw with salt and oil.
Pears usually were slow-cooked with a bit of pepper, a little sugar, cinnamon and saffron. They were also prepared as a syrup. The Sensible Cook has recipes for candying pears wet or dry, and one for a delicious pear tart with Zante currant. Plums, along with peaches and apricots, had long Sensible Cook bakes plums in an open-faced tart with egg yolks, sugar, cinnamon, cloves and melted butter, and also makes them into preserves and fruit leather.
Pompioenen (pumpkins, squash or gourds) are discussed in Petrus Nijlant’s garden calendar. He separates two kinds: wijfkens (little women), which are long without ribs, and the mannekens (little men), which are round and have clear ribs. Van der Donck remarks that in the Netherlands they are considered poor, insipid food, but in New Netherland they were well thought of and said to taste like apples when baked.
Raspberries are known to be thirst-quenching and they were therefore made into syrup. The Sensible Cook has no specific recipe, but adds to the one for cherry tart “that in this way all soft fruit can be used.” Strawberries were eaten with cream and sugar but also used in tarts. Van der Donck marvels about their abundance—strawberry picking (armed with a bottle of cream) became a social occasion for young folks in the eighteenth century, as Anne Grant tells us in her Memoirs of an American Lady of 1809. In the late Middle Ages, forest strawberries were brought to castle gardens to be cultivated. In New Netherland, cultivated strawberries and other soft fruit were sold at market in earthenware cups with a hole in the bottom for drainage. These were layered about 30 to a basket and usually transported by boat to market. Native Americans used small woven baskets for transporting berries. Medicinally, strawberries were used against scurvy— they were made into jam to take on sea voyages. The Sensible Cook has recipes for a tart of strawberries flavored with sugar and cinnamon and another recipe for jam.
Through their food choices and preferences, the Dutch in the New World left a lasting mark on America’s kitchen, as well as on American life—settlers brought not only tree stock, seeds and cattle to the new land, but also their culture, customs and, of course, their recipes. Donuts, pretzels, coleslaw, pancakes, waffles, wafers and, above all, cookies—all part of America’s culinary heritage—were brought here by the Dutch in the seventeenth century. The Dutch words koolsla (coleslaw) and koekjes (cookies) were even adopted into American English with only a slight transformation. Recipes for these and many other Dutch foods can be found in hand-written manuscript cookbooks, spanning more than three centuries, that belonged to the descendants of these settlers.COLUMBIA, Mo. (AP) — The attorney for a Missouri man accused of killing his Chinese wife in 2019 said Tuesday that the woman’s death was a “tragic accident” that was caused when she fell and hit her head during an argument with her husband.
During opening statements in Joseph Elledge’s first-degree murder trial, defense attorney Scott Rosenblum said Elledge and his 28-year-old wife, Mengqi Ji, were arguing on Oct. 9, 2019, at their home in Columbia because he believed she was having an affair.
He said Ji pushed Elledge first and he then shoved her, causing her to fall and hit her head. Ji was able to get up and go to bed, where Elledge found her dead early the next day. Rosenblum attributed her death to a subdural hematoma, which is a build up of blood on the brain, KOMU reported.
Rosenblum acknowledged that Elledge made a series of bad decisions when he decided not to call for help, instead putting his wife’s body in the trunk of his car. But he said the evidence will show Elledge did not intend to kill his wife.
Elledge plans to testify in his own defense during the trial, Rosenblum said.
Elledge reported Ji missing on Oct. 10, 2019, prompting numerous searches before her remains were found March 25 this year in a remote area of Rock Bridge State Park about 5 miles (8 kilometers) south of Columbia.
Boone County Prosecutor Dan Knight said in his opening statement that Elledge mistreated his wife throughout their marriage and on the night she died. He said Elledge and his mother worked together to ensure that Ji did what Elledge wanted, KRCG-TV reported.
Knight told the jury they would hear more than nine hours of recordings of the couple arguing, some that were made by Elledge and others by Ji.
The first recording was played Tuesday afternoon. The nearly hour-long recording of a phone conversation included Elledge chastising Ji for eating “like a pig” and repeatedly swearing at her and criticizing her mother. Ji is heard sobbing.
Elledge also asked: “Do you want me to leave? I’ll leave and never come back. I’m not happy here. Do you want me leave here? Tell me.”
Ji responded, “No.”
In his opening statement, Knight said Elledge recorded reasons why he hated his wife in a journal titled “Grievances.” And he said Elledge had a notebook that outlined how he should behave toward the media concerning his wife’s disappearance.
The prosecutor also said Elledge spent 30 minutes digging a grave in Rock Bridge State Park, where Ji’s body was found. The grave was a half a mile from where he had proposed to her, Knight said..
Copyright © 2021 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.The Baron's Briefings
Jeff Mason
Thursday 8 April 2021
As president of the White House Correspondents’ Association Reuters reporter Jeff Mason (photo) led the press corps during the transition from Barack Obama and the tumultuous early days of Donald Trump’s presidency.
It raised his profile a lot because he was the spokesman for the press, which had multiple issues with the incoming administration. The one he is most proud of was in getting the Trump team to agree that the White House press pool should keep its place on Air Force One.
The White House Correspondents’ dinner in 2017 was the first one a sitting president did not attend. Mason had to balance being a reporter and being an advocate, speaking about reporters not being fake news and not being the enemy of the people, as Trump had described them.
“I had to wear another hat and that involved some advocacy for the press and I’m grateful to outgoing editor-in-chief Steve Adler, who at one point told me I could be even harder in what I was saying on the air when I was appearing on TV against some of the things that the president was saying, because I was trying to be so careful not only because you represent Reuters in addition to the Correspondents' Association and yourself, but I did not want to go too far, and I didn’t, but it was helpful, actually, to have his backing to say 'You can go further. You can call this out for what it is.' And I think we did that,” he said at a Baron's Briefing organised jointly by The Reuter Society and The Baron.
Mason, who joined Reuters in 2000 in Frankfurt covering business, had a few run-ins with Trump, in terms of questions the president didn’t like, or was critical of. Despite the very aggressive tone that Trump took in public about the press he could be very pleasant. Aboard Air Force One, Mason was called to the front of the plane and the president congratulated him on 20 years at Reuters.
“One thing that I hope distinguished my own questioning was remaining [true] to what the core of Reuters is - that sense of neutrality, that sense of just asking a question neutrally, writing neutrally, staying straight down the middle, [which] you can do, and should do regardless of who is in office in the White House, regardless of the rhetoric that comes out of his or her mouth.”
After 12 years covering three presidents, Mason still enjoys the job and will probably stay on the White House beat “for as long as they let me”.
He added: “When I first joined Reuters the people who I admired and liked about the Reuters career moved around jobs every few years. That’s not happening any more. I think that has a lot to do with costs and I think in some ways it’s sad… One great thing about Reuters is you could have a career where you lived and worked in multiple continents, but I don’t think our hierarchy values that as much as it used to.” ■Moving Companies Puerto Rico to Florida
Florida is the number one target for US citizens moving to the mainland from Puerto Rico, and the number making the move has increased in recent years. The island territory’s fragile, tourism-based economy combined with infrastructure damage caused by 2017’s Hurricane Maria has encouraged more residents to consider moving to Florida. Florida offers a similar climate and the welcome of tropical beaches for those who move. As a bonus, many consumer goods, like groceries and clothing, cost less on the mainland.
How do I find the right mover from Puerto Rico to Florida?
Like moving from Hawaii, moving from Puerto Rico to the mainland requires going by ship or air. This fact will add to the cost of the move, and the time needed to deliver your shipment. Choosing the right mover for the job will help you maintain peace of mind while preparing for your great adventure. All moving companies that operate between states (or between a US territory and a state, in this case) are engaged in interstate commerce and, as a result, are regulated by the FMCSA (Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration.) The Motor Carrier Safety Improvement Act of 1999 created FMCSA, and while its central goal is the avoidance of commercial vehicle accidents causing injuries and deaths, it also takes action to protect consumers from fraud and deception.
FMCSA requires moving companies and brokers to register with them, and it maintains data regarding operators’ safety history and consumer complaint performance. The FMCSA website is an excellent place to begin your search for a moving company. You can verify that the business you are considering is a registered mover and check out their history. While you are on the website, you can peruse the helpful resources available there, including a comprehensive guide to moving titled Your Rights and Responsibilities When You Are Moving, and a handy checklist called Ready To Move. These documents were developed by FMCSA to help consumers understand the moving industry and avoid being taken advantage of by unscrupulous operators.
What should I expect from the movers?
Interstate movers must follow the federal regulations in how they provide estimates or moving quotes. The company is required to conduct an in-person inspection of what you want to move. Don’t engage a vendor reluctant to do this and wants to provide their assessment based on your verbal or online description of the job. They must give you a written estimate and a complete inventory of everything that is included. Check this inventory carefully—you want to ensure that it is accurate so that you don’t run into any surprises later. The estimate must state whether it is binding or non-binding. The mover might charge a fee to give you a binding estimate because it is a firm commitment to the price. Binding estimates are a promise that if you don’t add anything, you won’t pay more. The mover is confident of the weight assessment and willing to accept the risk of being wrong. A non-binding estimate allows the mover to charge more if the weight is higher, so the risk remains with the consumer.
In either case, the move’s cost will also include charges for additional services you request or need. Some of these you can choose, like packing. Other services you can’t control—if you have multiple flights of stairs, you will pay for extra labor. You may not be aware of the need for these services until the end of the move if the conditions are due to circumstances at the destination. These potential charges are all detailed in the mover’s tariff, which they will provide to you.
The moving company must provide you with information about insurance choices and its process for handling claims and its arbitration program. FMCSA notes that most disputes are resolved without litigation. You have responsibilities as well. Some of the essential ones are:
- Read everything the mover gives you, and never sign a blank or incomplete document. If you don’t understand something, ask for an explanation before you agree to it.
- Be available as agreed for the survey, and the pickup and delivery of your shipment.
- Let the mover know if anything is changing—the size of the load, the destination, or an additional stop.
- File claims promptly. When you accept delivery, double-check the receipt you sign. You do not want to sign anything that affirms a complete and undamaged shipment until you can check everything. If the document the mover gives you includes objectionable language, strike through the parts that are wrong and then sign it.
Carefully consider the choice of insurance, also known as valuation. Your mover will offer you a choice between full coverage and a waiver of full coverage. You may be tempted to take the waived coverage because it is included with your move at no additional cost. The reasoning is understandable: you are trying to save money where you can. But even the best mover may slip or trip, and your possessions are probably not going to be replaceable at the level of coverage provided by the waiver, or released value, protection level. Talk to your mover about the cost of the Full Value option. It may be a better choice.
What do I need to know about moving from Puerto Rico to Florida?
Shipping between Puerto Rico and the mainland is expensive due to the Jones Act, which protects US-based shipping interests by requiring that shipments between two American ports be carried by a US registered ship. With that in mind, you may want to limit what you take with you. Your mover will load your possessions into a container that will be transported by truck to a port and then shipped to Florida. From there, the load goes back on a truck to finish the journey to your new home.
In most cases, moving your household furniture is more cost-effective than selling it and replacing it after you move from Puerto Rico to Florida. There are exceptions, of course. You know what you have, and if you still have the old hand-me-down couch from your parents’ basement, you may want to pass it along to someone else and give yourself the indulgence of starting with a blank slate in your new home. Part of the fun of moving to Florida from Puerto Rico might be adding new purchases one by one. But you certainly have essential items you need to take with you—perhaps a house full, possibly only a few select pieces.
In addition to evaluating the furniture, think about the other things you are transporting. You may be shipping a car, which can be managed by your moving company for an additional fee. Your mover can provide packing services if you want them to, and they can safeguard your artwork by crafting custom crates designed to protect valuables during travel. If you are moving into temporary housing, the moving firm can arrange storage and delivery out of storage and unpacking if you prefer. All these extra, or accessorial, services cost more.
Popular Routes
San Juan to Jacksonville
San Juan to Miami
San Juan to Tampa
San Juan to Orlando
San Juan to St. Petersburg
San Juan to Hialeah
San Juan to Tallahassee
San Juan to Port St. Lucie
San Juan to Cape Coral
San Juan to Fort Lauderdale
San Juan to Pembroke Pines
San Juan to Hollywood
San Juan to Miramar
San Juan to Coral Springs
San Juan to Gainesville
San Juan to Lehigh Acres
San Juan to Brandon
San Juan to Clearwater
San Juan to Palm Bay
San Juan to Miami Gardens
San Juan to Spring Hill
San Juan to Pompano Beach
San Juan to West Palm Beach
San Juan to Lakeland
San Juan to Davie
San Juan to Boca Raton
San Juan to Riverview
San Juan to Sunrise
San Juan to Plantation
San Juan to Alafaya
Ponce to Jacksonville
Ponce to Miami
Ponce to Tampa
Ponce to Orlando
Ponce to St. Petersburg
Ponce to Hialeah
Ponce to Tallahassee
Ponce to Port St. Lucie
Ponce to Cape Coral
Ponce to Fort Lauderdale
Ponce to Pembroke Pines
Ponce to Hollywood
Ponce to Miramar
Ponce to Coral Springs
Ponce to Gainesville
Ponce to Lehigh Acres
Ponce to Brandon
Ponce to Clearwater
Ponce to Palm Bay
Ponce to Miami Gardens
Ponce to Spring Hill
Ponce to Pompano Beach
Ponce to West Palm Beach
Ponce to Lakeland
Ponce to Davie
Ponce to Boca Raton
Ponce to Riverview
Ponce to Sunrise
Ponce to Plantation
Ponce to Alafaya
Bayamón to Jacksonville
Bayamón to Miami
Bayamón to Tampa
Bayamón to Orlando
Bayamón to St. Petersburg
Bayamón to Hialeah
Bayamón to Tallahassee
Bayamón to Port St. Lucie
Bayamón to Cape Coral
Bayamón to Fort Lauderdale
Bayamón to Pembroke Pines
Bayamón to Hollywood
Bayamón to Miramar
Bayamón to Coral Springs
Bayamón to Gainesville
Bayamón to Lehigh Acres
Bayamón to Brandon
Bayamón to Clearwater
Bayamón to Palm Bay
Bayamón to Miami Gardens
Bayamón to Spring Hill
Bayamón to Pompano Beach
Bayamón to West Palm Beach
Bayamón to Lakeland
Bayamón to Davie
Bayamón to Boca Raton
Bayamón to Riverview
Bayamón to Sunrise
Bayamón to Plantation
Bayamón to Alafaya
Frequently Asked Questions
Are Your Web Quotes Accurate and Are They Binding?
The estimates you get over the phone or our website shouldn’t be considered final even though they are over 90% accurate. For a final bill, an onsite inspection had to be conducted. The final bill is always in writing.
What’s the Difference Between Local and Long-Distance moves?
If you are moving within the city or the move is less than 100 miles, the move is local. If it is farther than that, then the move is a long-distance move.
Are There Objects That Can’t Be Loaded into the Truck?
Yes. We know you want to take your pet to the beaches of San Juan but a moving crew won’t accept the pet. Food, plants, chemicals, flammable substances, and firearms are not accepted by moving crews.
What’s the Best Time to Move in San Juan, Puerto Rico, and How Far Ahead Should I Plan My Move?
Generally, the summer is the peak moving time in San Juan. The Christmas period too is considered peak moving time. Contact a moving company 2-4 weeks before a local move and 4-6 weeks before a long-distance move.
Who Regulates Moving Companies in San Juan, Puerto Rico, and Where Can I Verify a Mover’s License?
If the company conducts interstate moves, then the company should be registered with the United States Department of Transportation (USDOT). The department gives registered companies a unique number called a USDOT number. This number can be used to verify licenses. The city of San Juan doesn’t regulate moving companies so moving companies in the city are only regulated at a federal level.
I Need More Moving Supplies. Where Can I Find Moving Boxes in San Juan, Puerto Rico?
Allbrand Distributors provides moving boxes in the city. The Corner Office Business center is another option. If you still require assistance, you can contact Three Men And A Truck.
What Documents Do I Need to Have on Me on the Day of the Move?
You need your inventory list to ensure what is being loaded into the trucks are the items you want to be loaded. You need your estimates and bills so the cost is confirmed. The certificates of insurance are necessary to confirm the liability clauses of your items. You will also need an identity card like a driver’s license, so the crew can confirm your identity. If you still require assistance knowing the correct documents to have on you, contact our managers at Three Men And A Truck.
Is it Possible to Make Changes to the Moving Arrangement?
Requesting these changes on the day of moving is very difficult but if you make your request before the moving day, it will be easier to implement.
Do I Have to Be Present During the Move or At the Destination?
Your presence at the beginning of a move is important because of documentation. At the destination, however, someone else can receive the cargo on your behalf if you give them the proper information.
I Need to Store Some of My Belongings. Who Provides Storage Services in San Juan, Puerto Rico?
Three Men And A Truck provides storage services in the sunny city of San Juan. Whatever your needs are, we have the corresponding services for you.
A Moving Company Didn’t Honor Our Agreement. How Can I File a Complaint in San Juan?
I had an Emergency, and Now I Need a Last-Minute Move. Is That Possible?
It is possible to make an emergency move. Although, you should note that emergency local moves are easier than last-minute long-distance moves. If the company is fully booked, however, you won’t get the immediate service you require. Also, if the company is conducting maintenance on its vehicles, its services might be unavailable. Finally, if there is a weather constraint like a storm, moves will be impossible.Romanticism plays a big role in Beethoven’s fifth symphony. As Guerrieri wrote, “Every time a singer-songwriter is praised for projecting autobiographical authenticity; every time a movie star expresses the desire for a project that’s “more personal”; every time a flop is subsequently recategorized as a before-its-time masterpiece–all these are reverberations of the bombshell of Romanticism, and one of its preeminent delivery systems was Beethoven’s Fifth.” Many romanticists have analyzed the fifth and applied their theories to it. Beethoven even had some background in the movement and was familiar with the Romantics, and Immanuel Kant, who wrote critiques and other works. He developed the idea of “free beauty” and “dependent beauty”, which is how one truly judges aesthetically. Kant died just before Beethoven’s fifth, and then started the main Romanticism movement. Many say that Beethoven’s fifth was in the right place at the right time-instrumental music was becoming a norm and the romantics were just beginning to come across his works. E.T.A. Hoffmann, a Romantic, was among the first to critique and analyze Beethoven’s Fifth. Guerrieri included an excerpt of Hoffmann’s words on the symphony, and it was almost a narrative describing the piece using intense imagery, painting a clear image in the reader’s heads. “glowing beams shoot through this kingdom’s [He often referred to “kingdoms”] deep night, and we become aware of gigantic shadows that surge up and down, enclosing us more and more narrowly and annihilating everything within us, leaving only pain of that interminable longing…” and so on. This description clearly shows the type of analyzing and describing the romantics were fond of, finding the deeper, pure meaning and idea of things. Hoffmann then does a play by play of the entire piece, writing a stream of consciousness type overview. After reading the section on Hoffmann and the fifth, one can assume that there are many ways to portray the symphony.When digging into pieces he often brings the idea of “doubles” and “dopplegangers” to the table, therefore finding them in this piece, in addition, there are arguments that Hoffmann was searching too persistently for a sense of unity to the point of bending and clouding his romantic judgement, however finding the deeper meanings is what being a romantic is all about. Finally, another issues about Hoffmann’s work is the true purpose behind it-was he advertising and promoting romanticism with his romantic ideas and approach, or was he referring to the war and take over of Napoleon. Guerrieri states, “In what is, after all, a wartime review of a wartime piece, Hoffmann rationalizes occupation by making the Fifth a stand-in for German glory, a kingdom of latent power awaiting its realization.”
Overall, I believe that a romantic review on the piece does help with giving an understanding. An image is painted in the readers head when hearing Hoffmann’s description of the fifth, and visualizing helps with hearings and comprehending.
Outstandingly perceptive post, Hattie! As I am getting to know you, you are clearly are good thinker and are following these complicated arguments very well. I feel that your writing is getting better too, these posts are a little less in a conversational tone of voice and a bit more formal. That’s good, this course is in part about developing and clear and elegant writing style.
I like how you say B’s 5th was in the right place at the right time. That’s actually a very good summary of the entire chapter!abstract
Abstract
Model-based field development planning and optimization often require computationally intensive reservoir simulations, where the models need to be run several times in the context of input uncertainty or seeking optimal results. Reduced Order Modeling (ROM) methods are a class of techniques that are applied to reservoir simulation to reduce model complexity and speed up computations, especially for large scale or complex models that may be quite useful for such optimization problems. While intrusive ROM methods (such as proper orthogonal decomposition (POD) and its extensions, trajectory piece-wise linearization (TPWL), Discrete Empirical Interpolation Method (DEIM) etc.) have been proposed for application to reservoir simulation problems, these remain inaccessible or unusable for a large number of practical applications that use commercial simulators.
In this paper, we describe a novel application of a non-intrusive ROM method, namely dynamic mode decomposition (DMD). We specifically look at reducing the time complexity involved in well control optimization problem, using a variant of DMD called DMDc (DMD with control). We propose a workflow using a training dataset of the wells and predict the state solution (pressure and saturation) for a new set of bottomhole pressure profiles encountered during the optimization runs. We use a novel strategy to select the basis dimensions to prevent unstable solutions. Since the objective function of the optimization problem is usually based on fluid production profiles, we propose a strategy to predict the fluid production rates from the predicted states from DMDc using machine learning techniques. The features for this machine learning problem are designed based on the physics of fluid flow through well perforations, which result in very accurate rate predictions. We compare the proposed methodology using another variant of DMD called ioDMD (input-ouput DMD) for system identification to predict output production flow rates.
The methodology is demonstrated on a benchmark case and a Gulf of Mexico deepwater field that shows significant time reduction in production control optimization problem with about 30 – 40 times speedup using the proposed DMDc workflow as compared to fine scale simulations, while preserving the accuracy of the solutions. The proposed "non-intrusive" method in this paper to reduce model complexity can substantially increase the range of application of ROM methods for practical field development and reservoir management.Trex Enhance Beach Dune Fascia 12″ x 12′
$10.69 Ln/ft
Product characteristics
- Color: Beach Dune
- Mold and mildew resistant
- Hassle-free cleaning
- High-performance composite fascia boards
- Available in 8″ and 12″ widths
- 25-Year Stain & Fade Limited Warranty
- Made of 95% recycled materials
- Stock Color
View All Beach Dune Deck Boards
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Stationary: A Recession Era Musical
Stationary: A Recession Era Musical
Directed by Laura McLean
Written by Christine Quintana
Music and Music Direction by Mishelle Cuttler
Rap Lyrics by Brad Cochrane
Presented by Delinquent Theatre as part of the Neanderthal Arts festival
The Cultch
Vancouver, BC. This "recession-era" musical may be about doom and gloom in Lotus-land but as long as there is a plethora of smart, talented and energetic theatre artists and fledgling companies creating shows like Stationary, there is no need for doom and gloom about the Vancouver theatre scene.
I first saw this work in its earlier incarnation Parked, as part of an evening of short performances called Bridge Mix staged in a downtown parkade. While there were several innovative or provocative pieces that impressed, at the time I thougt that Parked was the standout show of the evening. I was pleased to hear that this short work had been developed further into a longer one-act.
A genuine ensemble piece, the structure gave the six performers (and two musicianns) equal importance within the story and equal amount of singing time. The story was clearly about the relatively shy and quiet receptionist, Lizzie (Christine Quintana who also wrote the piece), and her unrequited love for new-employee Aiden (Alexander Keurvorst). However, Britta's bitter boozy anger (Claire Hesselgrave), Mel's high work performance and high hem lines (Meaghan Chenosky), Brad's secret "playa" lifestyle (Brian Cochrance), and the boss Anna's bitchery (Mishelle Cuttler) are equally important to the story - as are the two musicians, Arlen Kristian Tom and Evan Lamberton, who are revealed behind the grey cubicle wall for each song and then hidden away again during the play's action.wall
The diversity of this group was clearly on display when the majority of them played multiple instruments. The convention of bursting into song was very carefully orchestrated by director Laura Mclean with characters breaking the fourth wall of the office to speak directly to the audience. These moments also showed the strength of the ensemble because other characters accompanied the vocals on various instruments or moved set pieces to accommodate the action of the song. For example, hidden on the boss's desk was a keyboard which she played to many of the songs, under the desk of the secretary was a drum kit.
The songs were very catchy, I found myself humming a few of the tunes in the days after the performance. For me, the standout songs were the Recession Rag, Kill the Bitch (Boss) and I will be your little spoon. Actually, all of the songs were memorable and melodious. Most exciting for me however was the happiness that one could feel emanating from the stage. These performers were thrilled to be there and gave it their all.
I was accompanied by an out-of town companion with a weath of experience in dance and performance. He loved the show. The feedback from other attendees of this year's Neanderthal Festival was that overall, it has been very entertaining, and that Stationary presented a really rocking good time. I look forward to the next project from this company.
There are two shows left. Tonight at 7 PM and Sunday at 6:15 PM. If you get a chance catch this show. The audience on the night I saw it gave them a standing ovation, and I think you will love it too.
The Cultch is at 1895 Venables Street, Vancouver. For ticket info call 604-251-1363 or checkFeatured Articles ➔
Do essential oils help with post nasal drip?
Post nasal drip may sound like an icky problem but is, in fact, very common. It can affect people of all age groups, and you are bound to have had it sometime in your life. I, for one, have had it a few too many times, which is my I felt the need to share this alternative remedy.
There was a time when I would rush to the doctor and try and treat post nasal drip with allopathic medicines. But with time, I made the switch to the good old essential oils based on my grandfather’s advice. I will be honest that when I first learnt about essential oils for post nasal drip, it seemed like just another slow and non-effective “ghar ka nuska” or DIY home remedy. But after doing a bit more research, I found various studies that back up the use of essential oils for treating a runny nose.
Table of contents:
- But before we get started, what is post nasal drip?
- So, how do essential oils help here?
- Let’s get to the point now – what essential oils can you use?
- Eucalyptus oil
- Peppermint oil
- Cold soother essential oil blend
- Breathe easy essential oil blend
But before we get started, what is post nasal drip?
Your body produces mucus that gets secreted down your throat from your nose and, normally, it plays a vital role in your overall ENT health (Ear, Nose, and Throat). However, when you fall sick – get a cold, a sinus infection, etc., the mucus secretion increases. This is when you start to feel a big lump in your throat and find your nose running. This is your body’s natural response to push out the excess mucus but can cause an uncomfortable feeling for you.
This feeling right there is the post nasal drip!
So, how do essential oils help here?
Essential oils have been all the rage in the last decade or so, thanks to the emergence of spas, aromatherapy, calming candles, and more. But they are definitely not a new invention since my 81-year-old grandfather has been using them for as long as he can remember.
Essential oils are basically highly concentrated plant extracts. In my basic internet research, I found that you need close to 220 pounds of lavender flowers to produce just a pound of lavender essential oil. That is why these essential oils are dripping with benefits, as they retain much of the plant’s natural elements. And that is why typically you only need to use a few drops of essential oil to get the desired results.
Some essential oils have high antimicrobial properties that make them a common natural remedy for treating allergies and infections. As a matter of fact, when you use essential oils for post nasal drip they can help relieve a congested nose/ chest, clear the passageways for air, and leave a nice breezy fragrance behind.
Let’s get to the point now – what essential oils can you use?
Now that the theory part has been explained, here’s the practical part of using essential oils for post nasal drip. Over the last year, my sister and I have tried each one of these oils whenever either of us suffered from a sinus attack or congested nose. And this is what we found:
Eucalyptus oil
Eucalyptus oil is known to have antiviral properties. This essential oil helps with decongestion thanks to its anti-inflammatory elements and brings almost instant relief from many of the symptoms of the most common respiratory conditions like colds, allergies, and sinusitis. WOW Eucalyptus Essential Oil did help me relieve congestion and left a nice aroma, too, that made me feel better immediately. This blend can also be used to reduce muscle pain and dispel mental fog. While I did feel more mentally energized after using this essential oil, so can vouch for the mental fog, I am yet to use it for muscle pain.
Peppermint oil
Studies show that peppermint oil is antibacterial and therefore widely used to treat nose and throat infections. The main component of peppermint oil is menthol, which you can also find in tablets used to treat cough or cold. The WOW Peppermint Essential Oil contains a good dose of menthol and has a very distinct soothing and minty smell. I used peppermint essential oil during one of my worst sinus attacks and felt a prompt improvement. The best part of this essential oil was definitely the cooling aroma that improves your mood as soon as you open the cap.
Cold soother essential oil blend
This essential oil is actually a blend of seven powerful oils - eucalyptus, wintergreen, peppermint, tea tree, basil leaf, cinnamon leaf, and myrrh. I have used this in my essential oil diffuser and loved every bit of it. This oil’s aroma is amazing and great for relieving cold symptoms like congestion. On some rare occasions I have also applied this oil (diluted in a carrier oil) directly on my chest and forehead and woken up feeling much better than the night before.
Breathe easy essential oil blend
The name says it all! This essential oil is a combination of tea tree oil, eucalyptus, lemon, grapefruit, chamomile, frankincense, and peppermint, which make it one of the best essential oils for post nasal drip. I found this essential oil blend particularly helpful with seasonal allergies. I also recommended it to a friend with asthma and it received only praise.
Sources:
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Recommended Products
Related Articles
/
Is Tea Tree Oil Good For Hair? Top Uses And Benefits
/
Hair Breakage At The Crown: Why Does It Happen And How To Fix It?
/690 SW 1st Ct #2127Miami, FL 33130
Great living opportunity in the heart of Brickell, Miami! This NY Loft Style apartment has beautiful view to the pool. Resort style living with countless amenities including Party Room, Bar, Racket Court, Basket Ball Court, Cross Fit Cage, Boxing Cage & more! Unit is tenant occupied, please, DO NOT DISTURB TENANT. Brokers read brokers remarks. Great for investment, units like these are going for $3,200 in rent.CBD Pain Relief!
A powerful combination of ingredients provide highly effective, natural pain relief.
Established patients may stop in to one of our offices to ask about and purchase our preferred choice of medical grade CBD products!
CBD Pain Treatment
Cannabidiol (CBD) is a naturally occurring cannabinoid constituent of cannabis, which is either derived from marijuana or industrial hemp. It was discovered in 1940 and initially thought not to be medically, a prescription liquid solution, or a topical cream.
Cannabidiol (CBD) is one of more than 80 active cannabinoid chemicals in the marijuana plant.1 Unlike the main psychoactive cannabinoid in marijuana, tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), CBD does not produce euphoria or intoxication.2,3,4 CBD can be derived from marijuana or hemp also known as industrial hemp, which contains little to no THC.. Cannabidiol is a negative allosteric modulator of the cannabinoid CB1 receptor5. There is also growing evidence that CBD acts on other brain signaling systems and that these actions may be important contributors to its therapeutic effects.4Very fine candles and gifts
Light and beauty for the spaces we live in.
PRIVATE LABEL
Custom Made to Harmonize and Enhance Your Brand!
We specialize in making custom boutique candles for small to large businesses. We work with you to create a candle that represents who you are.
CANDLE CRAFT
It's More Than Wax, Wicks, and Scents!
Making ya
OUR STORY
A Fairytale In progress...
Once upon a time a stay at home mom named Sara Adair living in the woods of Van Buren, Arkansas had a little inspiration of the heart, "Make things that bring light and beauty to the spaces we live in." Thus began the story of Adair Ya. We have been trying to bring light to our spaces ever since...
Adair Ya very fine candles and other gifts are designed and manufactured by Sara and Shawn Adair.
Who we are
100% Soy Wax + Finest Scents + Hand Poured
THE PRIVATE LABEL BREAKDOWN
Custom Container
We can use a variety of vessels to pour wax in, we can even have custom vessels made. Let us help you choose the right container for your image.
We have a large variety of scents available to choose from. We can also custom create or match scents. Let us work with you to choose a scent or collection of scents for your business.
Custom Scent
Custom Packaging
Your candle can be packaged in a variety of ways. We are very good at assisting you in coming up with an affordable and unique look that harmonizes with your branding. Contact us today and let us assist you.
GET IN TOUCH
We'd love to hear from you
WEDDING & GIFTS
Wedding
Candles are wonderful wedding decor and gifts. We can personalize them in a variety of ways. Let us help you celebrate and enhance your special occasion.
The cross is a reflection of the divinely ordained moment of Christ’s sacrifice and the forever extension of his power. The Adair Ya Cross is made of cut nails and glass. Perfectly suited to hang on a wall or tree.
Crosses
Wholesale price is $10.00 with a minimum order of $100.00In order to fulfill the requirements of the European Union new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), effective as of May 25th, 2018, we have taken the necessary steps in our data security policy in order to ensure that your data is protected in our system and will be used exclusively by our law firm to keep you regularly updated in relation to the status of the Intellectual Property issues we have been entrusted.
We use Facebook cookies and use Facebook pixel, so it is possible that third parties, including Facebook, use cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from the website of bertilaura.com and other internet sites, and that they use that information to provide measurement services and segmented advertisements.First-time buyers in London now need to stump up nine times their annual earnings to get on property ladder london property A new report published this morning shows that first-time buyers now have to cough up five-and-a-half times their typical annual earnings to get on the property ladder. In London that is even nine times. As house prices have surged, the average first-time buyer house price-to-gross earnings ratio in the third quarter of this year was [...]A breathtaking flatland photo from France shot by Hadrien Picard graces the site this week for all to see. Tell me you aren’t blown away by the colors! I don’t think there’s one color missing (maybe violet (don’t be a dickhead)). The action is unmistakable, and I’m pretty sure this is perfect timing for whatever wild flatland trick this is. The lighting is about as good as it gets when you’re shooting fisheye. The best photos are shot on the edge of Golden Hour.
“I took this photo at the last Ninja Spin that Alex Jumelin organized in a beautiful village in the center of France. Some really good Japanese riders were there, it’s crazy to realize how far you can go for your little bike! Anyway, the end of the day was close & I ask one of my favourite flat rider Yohei “Uchie” Uchino to shoot a photo on the tennis court just in front of the contest. Flatlanders love tennis courts because they are flat and grippy and I loved the colors of this one! Time was running out and I knew we only had a couple of minutes before the sun would be down so I put a pretty simple set up : my lovely Nikkor 16mm AI 3.5 fisheye on my D700 and two flashes; an Einstein on one side and an Elinchrom on the other side. I think I put a diffuser on one flash. The difficulty with going fisheye is to hide the flashes enough so you don’t see them or their lights, but not too much otherwise you’re going to see your shadow and the lighting will be too flat. Another thing important in BMX photography are flashes: you need them to be powerful so you can underexpose the background & you need them to be fast, so they can freeze the actions. Little flashes like Vivitar are the perfect balance but bigger flashes are more powerful…and also more expensive and bigger. In any case, this moment of the day is the “golden hour”, the sun light is less powerful and the shadows are better. To finish the story, I remember we tried to shoot a couple of pictures before the sunset. After that we kept going but I wasn’t satisfied with how they came out. Like sometimes the best photo was the very first, everything on it was cool: the lighting, the colors, the speed and the trick! Thanks again to Uchie & Alex for organizing that perfect jam. For those interested : ISO 200-1/250th-F8″
Add your most majestic work to the Flickr group and be next week’s photo!- cardtheraphy51
Flower Fusion Enjoy Your Day
Updated: Mar 5
From my previous card I had a lot of leftover ink on my silicone mat and decided to use another piece of Strathmore Bristol Smooth Cardstock to use all that lovely color. Of course this time the pinks are much softer in hue, but it make a pretty backdrop for a background die.
I pulled out the My Favorite Things Fusion Coverup die and cut it three time from 110# Neenah Classic Crest Solor White Cardstock. The layered were adhered together using Elmer's Craft Bond Spray Adhesive. The watercolor panel was cut down to be just smaller than the cover die, which was then adhered using liquid glue. I decided to do a Jennifer McGuire and add white pearls to the center of the flowers and some of the petals.
For this card I decided to use a band of vellum to adhered and stamp the sentiment. I cut the word "enjoy" from holographic cardstock and laid it on the band of vellum to determine were to stamp the secondary sentiment with VersaMark and heat emboss it silver. The cutout sentiment was then adhered in place with liquid glue. The banner was then wrapped around the flower panel and adhered to the back with Scotch Tape and the panel was then adhered to the front of a top folding cardbase with liquid glue.
PRODUCTS USED:
· My Favorite Flower Fusion Coverup
· Simon Says Stamp Painted Enjoy Die
· Simon Says Stamp Tiny Words Birthday
· Distress Inks: Kitsch Flamingo, Picked Raspberry, Festive Berries
· VersaMark Ink
· Ranger Super Fine Detail Silver Embossing Powder
· White Pearls from Stash
· Neenah Classic Crest 80# Solar White Cardstock
· Gina K. Designs 120# White Cardstock
· Strathmore Bristol Smooth Cardstock
· Lawn Fawn Holographic Metallic Cardstock
· Bazzill 40# Vellum Paper" Electric Speed Oven with 1.5 cu. ft. Capacity, 1,000 Watt Microwave, Rapid Preheat, M Touch Controls, Timer and Roast Probe: Brilliant White, PureLine Handle
30" Speed Oven with 1.7 cu. ft. Capacity, 120 Volt Speedcook Technology, 4 Ovens In 1, Halogen Heat, Over 175 Preprogrammed Recipes and Custom Recipe Saver: White
27" Warming Drawer with 1.4 cu. ft. Capacity, 425 Watt Element, 90° to 250°F Temperature Settings, Moisture Selector and Multiple Design Options: White
24" Single Steam Oven with 1.7 cu. ft. True European Convection Cooking, MultiSteam Technology, M Touch Controls, MasterChef Menu Programs and Remote Vision Capability
30" Speed Oven with 1.7 cu. ft. Capacity, 240 Volt Speedcook Technology, 4 Ovens In 1, Halogen Heat, Over 175 Preprogrammed Recipes and Custom Recipe Saver: White
30" Warming Drawer with Fan-Assisted Convection Heating System, Timer, Sabbath Program, Cool Touch Front and Touch Controls: Brilliant White, PureLine Handle
30" Warming Drawer with 1.6 cu. ft. Capacity, 450 Watt Element, 90° to 250°F Temperature Settings, Moisture Selector and Multiple Design Options: White
24" Warming Drawer with Fan-Assisted Heating System, Sensor Touch Controls, Timer, 104°F - 185°F Temperature Settings and 4 Operating Modes: Brilliant White, PureLine Design
24" Single Electric Wall Oven with 3.1 cu. ft. Capacity, 3600 Watt Broil Element, Dual Interior Lighting, Delay Cook Setting, Sabbath Mode and Keep Warm Setting: White
24" Speed Oven with 1.5 cu. ft. Capacity, 1,000 Watt Microwave, Rapid Preheat, DirectSelect Controls, Timer and PerfectClean Interior: Brilliant White, PureLine Handle
30" Warming Drawer with 1.6 cu. ft. Capacity, 450 Watt Element, 90° - 250°F Temperature Setting, Removable Racks and Moisture Cup:May’s Eve on the Wheel Of The Year celebrates that Spring is really in full swing!
Its time to shake off our coats, let go of our winter worries, celebrate the fertility of the land, and do some partying outdoors!
Now is the perfect time to have a sort of “coming out party” for whatever inner work we’ve done over the winter, and show the world our true colors! It’s also one of the most potent times of year for manifesting your desires in bigger, more measurable ways, as May’s Eve is a powerful culmination of Divine Feminine and Divine Masculine energies – the formula for creation!
This week’s episode of the Alchemy Of Affluence Podcast is an exploration of the potency of the weeks surrounding May 1st and how you can use this time of year to harness the Law Of Gender in your manifestation journey.
Loving the Alchemy Of Affluence Podcast?
Also on Google Play and Stitcher!
For More Witchy Wisdom…
Join Alchemy Of Affluence Academy
Get Your Discounted Meditation Bundle
Submit an Interview Guest Proposal
4 thoughts on “May’s Eve And The Law Of Gender (Alchemy Of Affluence Podcast Episode 80)””.
- Adres: Inousses
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on Google+
Share on LinkedIn
Share on PinterestHow do I manually configure an External App for a course?
You can manually configure an External App in your course. However, configuring an external app by URL is more common.
To learn more about configuring external apps, visit the Edu App Center.
Set Configuration Type
Enter.
Match App Details
- Enter the Launch URL (source of the iframe for the link) to match the app to Canvas. Example:
- Optional (may be included with or replace launch URL): type the appropriate URL or domain in the domain field. Example: domain.com
Note: These URLs must be iframed enabled, accept POST requests, and should be HTTPS.
Set Privacy
Select the privacy drop-down menu to set the privacy settings:
- Anonymous: No identifying information about the user will be sent to the vendor
- Name Only: The user's name is the only identifying information sent to the vendor.
- Email Only: The user's email is the only identifying information sent to the vendor.
- Public: Various identifying information (name, email, Canvas ID, SIS ID of the course, SIS ID of user, etc.) is sent to the vendor.CoC News
Daily News for your Continuum of Care
FY 2018 CoC Program Registration Process: CoC Program Registration Notice Posted to the HUD Exchange
Beginning with the FY 2018 Continuum of Care (CoC) Program Competition, HUD is changing the process for Collaborative Applicants to register CoCs for CoC Program Competitions. Instead of a single Registration Notice encompassing all parts of the registration process, HUD is issuing three separate standing notices that remain effective until they are amended, superseded, or rescinded:
CoC Program Registration Notice (basic registration)
CoC Program Unified Funding Agency (UFA) Notice
CoC Program High Performing Community (HPC) Notice
The Registration Notice is now available on the HUD Exchange through the
FY 2018 Continuum of Care (CoC) Program Competition: Funding Availability
page. HUD will post the UFA Notice and HPC Notice on the same page in the near future and notify the public via the HUD Exchange mailing list. While
e-snaps
is not available now, HUD will issue a separate listserv message when
e-snaps
is available–including the submission deadline–and post this information to the HUD Exchange.
New in FY 2018
Collaborative Applicants for CoCs that have changes from the FY 2017 CoC Program Competition (e.g., change in Collaborative Applicant, CoCs merged, change in geographic codes) should complete the registration forms to gain access to the Consolidated Application in the FY 2018 CoC Program Registration Notice).
Additional Information
HUD has posted the
FY 2018 CoC Names and Numbers document
and the
FY 2018 Geographic Codes document
that provides the geographic codes that have been added or removed. Preliminary Pro Rata Need (PPRN) amounts are not available at this time but will be provided once the FY 2018 CoC Program Competition opens later this year.
HUD Exchange Mailing List
If you are aware or suspect that the Collaborative Applicant is not currently receiving these listserv messages, please forward the following link so the Collaborative Applicant can register to receive listserv messages as this is the only form of communication used by HUD to the public:
.Abstract
We report a case of ileal internal hernia through the foramen of Winslow into the lesser sac. Preoperative computed tomography (CT) demonstrated that the herniated ileum, which showed a closed-loop obstruction, was located behind the portal vein, and the vein was subsequently compressed and narrowed by the herniated ileum. We found that similar cases in the literature of Winslow's foramen hernias that caused portal vein compression; however, portal vein narrowing has not been described as a characteristic CT finding. The narrowed portal vein sign could be useful in diagnosing the hernia through the foramen of Winslow.
All Science Journal Classification (ASJC) codes
- Emergency Medicine
- Radiology Nuclear Medicine and imagingProduct Description
Burn Fat Fast using the power of Calcium, Magnesium, and Sodium BHB to enter and maintain a natural ketosis! Ketosis is the metabolic condition where the body is burning fat as its main source of fuel. Our bodies are adaptive to our diets. Keto Salts help trigger the body into ketosis and when combined with a keto diet the weight loss can be dramatic!
Aim for 70% calories from Fat, 25% from protein, and 5% from carbs to maximize results!
An easy way to remember is to eat less than 20 grams of carbs per day for maximum effect. More carbs can be allowed for slower results
This product also works well for Paleo Diets & Intermittent Fasting.
Take before and after pictures to be proud of your results!
INDUCE KETOSIS FASTER – This purely crafted keto inducing formula uses the power of BHB salts to break the blood brain barier and kickstart fat burning!
STAY IN KETOSIS LONGER – Help your body keep it self in ketosis by timing this product with whenever you eat carbs.
BURN FAT – when in ketosis your body burns fat for energy
POWERFUL AND EFFECTIVE – The Keto Diet is one of the most effective diets on earth.
GLUTEN FREE – Gluten free for your health.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Microsoft – Microsoft wants to use AI to unlock the potential of HPC
By working with its partners, Microsoft has created the Azure HPC & AI Collaboration Centers program which funds collaborations with well-known institutions in an effort to develop and share best practices with both the HPC and AI communities.
The software giant is delivering this program in partnership with AMD, Intel and Nvidia and so far five Azure Collaboration Centers are in development with Duke University, Purdue University, Red Oak Consulting, Numerical Algorithms Group (NAG) and RedLine Performance.
Microsoft Azure is able deliver differentiated cloud capabilities that are purpose-built for the full spectrum of HPC & AI workloads including the most demanding use cases. However, at the core of the infrastructure are HPC & AI clusters which use HPC-class InfiniBand interconnect with genuine low latency (~1us) and high bandwidth typically around 200Gbps using the latest processor technologies from its partners in the program.
As a result of these performance advantages, Azure is able to show scaling of supercomputer workloads to 12 times more CPU cores than other clouds and to deliver cost-to-solution leadership over other solutions. At the same time, Microsoft has built HPC & AI expertise across the spectrum from engineering teams, to customer engagements to through-life customer support.
HPC and AI Collaboration Centers
The end goal of Microsoft and its partners’ new program is to demonstrate and share best practices surrounding how Azure HPC & AI capabilities can be used to unlock customer innovations and productivity.
The Duke University Azure HPC Collaboration Center, in partnership with Nvidia, plans to use Azure GPU capabilities to develop personalized hemodynamics simulations capabilities in the cloud with the aim of improving our understanding and treatment of coronary bifurcation lesions.
The Purdue University Azure HPC & AI Collaboration Center, in partnership with AMD, will demonstrate best practices for using the Azure HPC cloud to augment on-premises HPC systems such as Purdue’s AMD-based Anvil supercomputer.
The Read Oak Consulting Azure HPC & AI Collaboration Center, in partnership with Intel, will develop and showcase best practices for building HPC clusters on Azure using the chipmaker’s technology.
The NAG Azure HPC & AI Collaboration Center, in partnership with Nvidia, will be focused on developing best practices for deploying scalable machine learning.
Finally,.
Microsoft plans to announce further collaboration centers over the coming months and we’ll likely hear about the advancements being made at the centers that have already been established soon.Representatives of the Faculty visited Middlesex University London
Representatives of the Faculty of Security Sciences: dr Žana Vrućinić, dr Velibor Lalic and Radoslav Ivanis from 19-22. March 2019 attended meetings in London dedicated to the implementation of activities on the NatRisk project.
Meetings were held at Middlesex University London.
The Faculty of Security Studies is the part of the NatRisk Consortium, within which the project for launching the second cycle of studies was realized.
Teaching at Middlesex University London is attended by 40,000 students on four campuses (London, Dubai, Mauritius, Malta).Product Manager
FinTech start-up
London
£60,000 – £70,000
SR2 have exclusively partnered with Live More to build our their new engineering team. We are hiring supporting a number of roles across Tech, one of them being a new Product Manager.
The team have big ambitions to release new products and open up new channels, to serve customers even better. This role is a key part of driving that change and disrupting an underserved market. You are someone who has built and optimised consumer journeys and owned products throughout their lifecycle. You will be pivotal in driving value for our customers and our business. You know how to balance and trade off competing problems and requirements, allowing you to develop a clear and coherent vision and roadmap for your team, while contributing to our dynamic start-up culture. Come help us disrupt a market!
Who are LiveMore across London and Bristol. We’re looking for forward thinkers, problem solvers and entrepreneurial individuals to join the team and grow with the business.
Main Responsibilities:
· Execute on the product roadmap you’ve set with the team, helping them set objectives and prioritise against the customers’ needs
· Testing and validating ideas with customers and business stakeholders.
· Collaborating with the cross-functional team and thinking through the end-to-end experience to delight the end user.
· Scope solutions to their smallest coherent state to ship early, whilst maintaining the delivery of world-class software in every release.
· Being a customer advocate in business and tech, gathering and translating quant and qual data to formulate hypotheses and drive product decisions.
· Analyse the impact of product features, decide how to measure whether something is a success or a failure and provide insights to inform future iteration.
· Working with senior stakeholders, helping the Head of Product to articulate and execute the product vision, strategy and roadmap, managing product development through the whole lifecycle.
· Bringing the best product management practices to the workplace.
Experience:
· Working on products with direct to customer journeys
· Demonstrating a strong sense of user experience and visual design quality.
· Managing varying stakeholders, getting their buy-in and prioritising the value you can add to customers.
· Using product analytics and user research to be rigorous about predicting and measuring impact.
· Strong knowledge of agile software development practices.
Values and behaviours:
· Able to flex your communication style to get the best from stakeholders and teammates.
· Keep the customer focus, and inspire others to think this way, ensuring this isn’t at the expense of commerciality.
· Identify problems, take responsibility, and make decisions on how to solve them, seeing problems as opportunities.
· Comfortable operating in change / ambiguity, getting stuck into the detail when needed.
Benefits
Salary £60,000 – £70,000
30 days holiday + bank holidays (nice nice) expecting this role to be based out of their London office 2 days per week.
Video Catalogue
2003, 07:25 minutes
tapecode 383.13
⊕Add to OrderReview Order
1986, 07:00 minutes, colour
tapecode 383.00
⊕Add to OrderReview Order
"Homecoming is an autobiographical tape. It describes certain aspects of my life experience and my condition as an artist returning to Halifax after an absence of thirteen years." V.B.
2008, 01:35 minutes, Colour
tapecode 383.28
⊕Add to OrderReview Order
A text messaging poetry video.© Clément Guillaume
- Architects: Letoublon Dupouy
- Location: Marseille, France
- Architects In Charge: Laure Létoublon, Christophe Monge, Sébastien Dupouy
- Area: 2090.0 m2
- Project Year: 2017
- Photographs: Clément Guillaume
- Other Participants: Sarlec ingénierie
© Clément Guillaume
From the architect. The project is located at Marseille Campus Luminy, in the National Park area, and includes the rehabilitation of a building in the late 60s, the creation of an extension, and its landscaping.
© Clément Guillaume
Made for the metropolis and destined for a scientific research activity advanced (immunotechnology), design objectives include the complete transformation of the existing buildings (internal surface of approximately 2090 m2) to laboratories, offices, technical rooms and rest area.
Situation
The project is located in a remarkable and protected Mediterranean landscape, bordering the earth’s core of the National Park, which makes it a place of friction between a preserved ‘wild’ nature and specifically urban activities integrated with the campus. This situation of interface city-nature makes particularly attentive to the dialogue between the building and the place.
© Clément Guillaume
The composition of the existing façades, a legacy of the 60s with its oblique louvres and sunscreen elements, imposes a strong rhythm, made of shadows, reflections and elements diffusing the dazzling light. The coronation lines and these ‘vertical – horizontal – oblique’ rhythm effects make it possible to attenuate its massive morphology, drawing singular facades on each orientation.
Section
The translucent outdoor panels reinforce this desire for integration with the site. They consist of 110 different composite resin panels, hand-made in the workshop according to specific techniques, designed with abstract and plant motifs. The use of wood is very present in the project: in the choice of joinery, clear facades of extensions in douglas fir, on the underside of the awning. The wood extends inside and accompanies the user to enter the building. It is found in floor, ceiling and furniture.
© Clément Guillaume
The building is largely open on the outside and offers interesting interior framing on the distant landscape, the nature of the park is staged. From the floors: a wild nature crowned by limestone massifs. On the ground floor: nature is framed by the orthogonal lines of the building, those are the ‘gardens’.
© Clément Guillaume
These previously dry ‘gardens’ will become condensed hills, set abyss of the vegetation of the Park: plants adapted to heat and summer drought. Dry gardens. The extensions are semi-buried, their extensive plant roof allows to maintain a plant continuity and to ensure a good hold of the plants. The creation of these premises is accompanied by a modeling of the slopes of the garden, in order to manage a harmonious balance between garden and building.
Floor Plan
The use of resin floors allows us to meet our aesthetic and functional wishes on this project. From a functional point of view, in relation to the main laboratory activity, the product has interesting characteristics in terms of its strength, its resistance to chemical aggressions, its ease of cleaning and repair if necessary.
© Clément Guillaume
Moreover, it has all sorts of aesthetic qualities partly its soft appearance and its great possibilities of shades. The aim of these different qualities is to use the material both for the technical search spaces and for the offices, rest rooms and representation spaces.I wrote the following post in 2013. I’m updating my opinion for 2020. Since then, I’ve grown as a person and actually went through a divorce and remarriage. This article took on a whole new meaning after I got married again.
I’m going to keep the original article below since I still agree with basically everything I wrote. I still believe that in a healthy marriage, a husband and wife should prioritize caring for each other first. When their needs are met, they are stronger and more able to care for their children.
I want to clarify something for 2020. Married parents are humans with human needs of affection and intimacy. Everything in life is about balance and priorities. A couple should focus on supporting and loving each other first so that they are able to nurture and raise their children together.
It isn’t a child’s job to fulfill a parent’s need for intimacy or friendship. When I couple fulfills that need in each other, together, they are better equipped to put the needs of their kids as a high priority – as a team.
How this balance looks – now that is a very personal thing. I believe the couple should work together to raise the children and this is more effective when their emotional and psychological needs are being met.
Who Comes First, The Child Or The Spouse?
These are my thoughts from 2013.
I saw the meme above on Facebook getting liked and share around like crazy and couldn’t stop thinking about it. Something about this quote rubbed me the wrong way. Seriously the wrong way.
First – spouses can come and go? Sure the can but if you continuously put your children’s desires ahead of your spouse’s you are more likely to have that come and go experience.
Next, your children will always be your children. Yes, they will. But kids grow up, they move out. The relationship dynamic changes from caregiving to friendship and if you are pouring your life 100% into only your children, ignoring your spouse, then what kind of relationship will you have when they leave?
Be careful who you put first. I think you need to be careful not to put the children before the spouse all the time and you need to be careful not to put the spouse before the children all the time. BUT Everyone – children and adults – need to learn how to give when others are in need. I see nothing wrong with telling the children to calm down, we can talk with Daddy later, Mommy needs to tell him something. And I think that whenever possible, husbands and wives should try hard to spend time alone together, without the kids.
Showing your children that mom and dad are dedicated to each other and the world does not revolve around them is showing them how a strong marriage works. It takes hard work. It takes dedication. Marriage is not easy. And if the spouse is continually being ignored and placed last in the family, it makes it hard for that marriage to be strong.
But I could totally be misinterpreting this entire thing. It is possible, I’m not perfect. How did you take this graphic?
IMPORTANT – Always Put Safety First
This post is written with healthy relationships in mind. All stable marriages have ups and downs and this is addressing those struggles. I realize it might be a trigger for abuse victims though. Please – if you or your children are being harmed (emotionally, physically, sexually, mentally, in any way) GET OUT. Put yourself and your children first and do not stay.
I now understand there are two ways to read that graphic above – and it totally depends on your experience. Abuse is never ok, always put the safety of yourself and your children first.
class='avatar avatar-96 photo' height='96' width='96' data-loading="lazy" data-src="" data- />Jill says
Maybe it’s deliberately written that way, but yes I can see it from both angles. Also, I think it’s stupid. I don’t think you should ignore either one. As you say, everyone has to learn to wait. Obviously when you have a newborn that needs to eat, they eat. When the kid is 4, they can get their own snack. It’s important to teach your kids how to wait, but it’s equally important for your spouse to be a part of solving whatever the issue is. If you really need to chat, one of you turn on the tv and the other prep a snack, or one grab drinks and the other get out coloring books and crayons and work together to get them started on a project. Then with the kids occupied, you tackle whatever needs talked about/done together. We often cook dinner together, and shoo the kids into the living room to build block towers while we catch up.
A middle of the day phone call/check in (while kids are occupied or napping) or email series can also be a way to handle those items that need to be discussed, but don’t warrant a face-to-face. Anything more ‘personal’ probably needs to be taken care of when the kids are asleep. In that case, put the kids to bed at a regular time, don’t let them stay up until you are completely exhausted or there will be no couple time.
class='avatar avatar-96 photo' height='96' width='96' data-loading="lazy" data-src="" data- />Alexandra says
I guess a person who wrote it just wanted it to be funny and it partially is. But of course, you are right and I could not agree more – stable marriage or relationship is also something a kid needs!
class='avatar avatar-96 photo' height='96' width='96' data-loading="lazy" data-src="" data- />Carrie says
Yikes! I haven’t seen the graphic before today. What an awful, awful sentiment. In my life I hope my children go on to be independent and my husband sticks around! He gets put on the backburner too much as it is.
class='avatar avatar-96 photo' height='96' width='96' data-loading="lazy" data-src="" data- />Krystyn says
I’m hoping it’s tongue in cheek, because the spouses have to come first. Yes, children’s needs are a priority and I don’t think that means that you don’t get to your children before your spouse, but that you always make time for them and make them a priority, because at the end of the “day” kids grow up and leave and your spouse is there.
If you put your spouse and marriage first, your children see it and it makes everything smoother now and in the future for them.
class='avatar avatar-96 photo' height='96' width='96' data-loading="lazy" data-src="" data- />Lisa says
I look at this as an attack on the institution of marriage. I do think this is the thought process of American society. That somehow seeing spouses coming and going is ok.
Because its not. Our society is sick.
However, kids do need more time – plain and simple. They are kids, the should, The husband/wife are adults. Be that as it may, both adults need to be giving the kids the extra time. It’s not like one is giving all her time and the other one is feeling ignored. So silly what our society sees as being normal and healthy.
The husband and wife need to work together.
class='avatar avatar-96 photo' height='96' width='96' data-loading="lazy" data-src="" data- />Erica G says
I totally agree with your assessment. All the members of a family are important and need to valued, cared for, and loved.
class='avatar avatar-96 photo' height='96' width='96' data-loading="lazy" data-src="" data- />MrsFun says
I blogged about this but from something I heard on the radio not this quote! This sparks something all new in me!! My spouse doesn’t come and go, he’s been here for 17 yrs and he isn’t going anywhere. My kids, however, god willing, they will come and go as they grow! They will grow up and move out, leaving my spouse and I more time to act 20 again 😉
class='avatar avatar-96 photo' height='96' width='96' data-loading="lazy" data-src="" data- />Cat Davis says
I can see the point-of-view of the graphic. Children are you’re children forever, they’re a piece of you and should be a priority, maybe not always #1 but mostly. There isn’t that same unconditional love between spouses and they often end in divorce (regardless of priorities).
class='avatar avatar-96 photo' height='96' width='96' data-loading="lazy" data-src="" data- />Jennifer says
Honestly, that totally rubs me the wrong way. I don’t think your spouse or your children should come first – what kind of way of thinking is that? A family is a whole unit. If you put your husband before your children, your children suffer. If you put your children before your husband, you are going to end up divorced. Either way, you are damaging your family dynamic.
class='avatar avatar-96 photo' height='96' width='96' data-loading="lazy" data-src="" data- />Annie @ Mama Dweeb says
Ok, so it wasn’t just me. This graphic is just worded wrong. And you said exactly what I think! You can’t really put one in front of the other. What faulty thinking.
class='avatar avatar-96 photo' height='96' width='96' data-loading="lazy" data-src="" data- />Tammy S says
I saw this also and thought what the heck? I want my children to know that I can love more then one person at a time. sometimes their needs will be first and other times my husbands needs will be first. There may even be a time or two that my needs come first. Yes I know, shocker! I want my kids to see what a strong committed marriage looks like. We all have to give a little at times. you can’t just take, take, take. We hope that our kids learn by our example. After almost 24 years of marriage we seem to be doing something right.
class='avatar avatar-96 photo' height='96' width='96' data-loading="lazy" data-src="" data- />Kristin says
This isn’t funny at all. Abuse occurs ALL THE TIME. I am currently going through a divorce because my husband is constantly putting down my daughter. He makes her feel small and he just wouldn’t stop. I was sexually abused by my step-father. Do these situations seem funny? I think not. My grandmother was set on fire by her husband of 15 years/7 children. Should she have put him first? I think not. Maybe you all have perfect lives and don’t go through abuse, but a very large portion of the country does. A child should ALWAYS come first. They cannot defend themselves. They do not have the ability to move out.
class='avatar avatar-96 photo' height='96' width='96' data-loading="lazy" data-src="" data- />Annie says
Kristin,
First, thank you for sharing your story. I HATE that you and your grandmother had to endure that pain, that agony. There is nothing funny about abuse. I too have family members that have endured it. I get so mad and then feel incredible sadness whenever those memories come back.
I need to revise this post. You were right when you read it that way. I need to edit it to say that my thoughts come from a non-abusive place. When a marriage is healthy it can still experience problems. That is what I meant to discuss.
Abuse is never ok and it is never a laughing matter. If there is any kind of abuse, put yourself and your kids at the highest priority and GET OUT.
I am very sorry for overlooking this when I wrote the post.
class='avatar avatar-96 photo' height='96' width='96' data-loading="lazy" data-src="" data- />Hallie says
I struggle with this because my husband is a stepfather to my children. My youngest is 10 and in the 5 years we’ve all been a family, my husband and my son have never really bonded. My son is convinced that my husband doesnt like him. My husband thinks hes doing my son a favor with the whole “tough love” thing, due to some slight “entitled” behavior issues we have had with my son. It breaks my heart that my son doesnt feel loved by my husband.If you always wanted to crash your MobileSafari and didn’t dare to ask, here’s a current way to do it. If you zoom into the right place on our Linguan app product page iOS terminates the app. Thanks to Oisin Prendiville for sending this in.
Of course I had to immediately file a bug report. It is slightly bit hilarious that Mobile Safari would crash on my own site. Looks like it’s somehow running out of “rpages”, whatever that means.
Filed as rdar://13885055 and on Open Radar.Important: Be sure to check both general and product-based categories for relevant information. Product-based categories include parts and accessories unless otherwise specified. See disclaimer below and use independent care before relying on this information.
The term Persian Gulf should not be used on any shipping documents; the term Arabian Gulf must be used.
Bahrain observes the Arab boycott of Israel, whereby no vessel or aircraft used for shipments to Bahrain may call on any port in Israel.
Consular legalization is required for certain documents, see below.
The Bahrain Directorate of Customs must certify all product descriptions on customs documents to be specific and clear before goods are cleared for entry. Identifying imports by supplying the applicable tariff item numbers in customs documents and letters of credit will facilitate their customs clearance.
(Last updated on 2014-07-23)
Samples not for sale are exempt from customs duty.
Samples having a commercial value may enter temporarily by payment of a deposit equal to the applicable duty.
In general, advertising matter is free of duty.
Drug samples may be consigned to an approved pharmaceutical importer only.
There is no allowance for low (de minimis) value duty free entry.
(Last updated on 2014-04-27)
Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates are all member-countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC), a Customs union that has established a common external tariff rate of 5% for most goods imported from member countries.
Certain items, e.g., basic foodstuffs and medical items, are exempt from the Common External Customs Tariff (CXT) and enter the member-countries free of duty. Currently, each member-country has created an individual "exempt/duty-free" list.
Note: Kuwait prohibits the importation of pork, pork products, alcoholic beverages, products containing alcoholic beverages, gambling machines, and pornographic materials.
(Last updated on 2014-11-13)
Customs value is generally based on transaction value, which is the price actually paid or payable (the commercial invoice price). This value is subject to certain adjustments including freight, insurance, packing, commissions, royalties, and license fees. If value cannot be determined using this method, another method of valuation must be used. For more information see Customs Valuation of Imported Goods. In most cases the customs value is equivalent to CIF value.
There are no additional customs surcharges or value-added taxes in Bahrain.
(Last updated on 2013-01-01)
An import license is required for imports of arms, ammunitions and alcoholic beverages, fertilizers, pesticides, fireworks, natural pearls, handcuffs, satellite dishes and accessories.
(Last updated on 2013-01-01)
Prohibited imports include: food products containing cyclamates; irradiated food products; pornography; wild animals; radio-controlled model airplanes; children's toys that methyl chloride; articles determined to be dangerous by the Ministry of Health.
Any imports which pose a threat to public policy and security are also prohibited.
This country prohibits imports of hazardous waste as per the Basel Convention. For additional information see: Basel Convention (select country for details).
Note: All imports from Israel are prohibited.
(Last updated on 2014-07-23)
Rules of origin are important in implementing such trade policy instruments as anti-dumping and countervailing duties, origin marking, and safeguard measures. Follow rules issued by WTO.
Check Member and Observer countries of World Trade Organization, Centre William Rappard, Rue de Lausanne, 154, CH-1211 Geneva 21, Switzerland; phone: +41 22 739 5111; fax: +41 22 731 4206; email: enquiries@wto.org
(Last updated on 2015-04-02)
Foreign exchange is controlled by the Bahrain MonetaryAgency. There are no restrictions on capital movements, foreign exchange, foreign trade or foreign investment.
The central bank is the Central Bank of Bahrain, King Faisal Highway, Diplomatic Area, Block 317, Rd. 1702, Bldg. 96, POB 27, Manama.
The unit of currency is the BHD = Bahraini Dinar (subdivided into 1,000 fils).
(Last updated on 2013-01-01)
A commercial invoice is required for every commercial shipment. At least three (3) original, signed copies should be included in the shipping documents sent to the consignee or his agent.
The commercial invoice should conform to the information required for Consular legalization. It should be including the following information:
The invoice must be on the letterhead stationery of the seller. Either English or Arabic is acceptable. It should also contain the following statement:
When the seller arranges the shipping insurance, a copy of the insurance certificate, or insurance policy must be included among the shipping documents. If the insurance coverage is provided by the buyer, the invoice must state that the insurance is placed in Bahrain.
Note: If the shipped goods contain any foreign components, include their country of origin and their percentage of the cargo.
For more information on preparing and distributing commercial invoices, see comments on: Commercial Invoice and Shipping Document Distribution Based on Specific Functional Needs.
Airfreight shipments, in most cases, require the shipping documents to accompany the cargo/air waybill(AWB).
Non-commercial shipments require a pro-forma invoice.
(Last updated on 2014-12-27)
A packing list is required. At least two (2) copies should be included, describing in detail the contents of each case or container. Include net weight, gross weight, and the CIF value. 2013-01-01)
A properly prepared transport document is required for transportation purposes and as a source document for Customs clearance purposes..
In general, ocean freight charges must be Freight Prepaid.
Note:.
Alert: The term Arabian Gulf is required on all shipping documents; the term Persian Gulf is NOT be used.
(Last updated on 2015-03-31)
A Certificate of Origin (CO, C/O) (Original) certified by the relevant Chambers of Commerce of the country of origin is required. The number of copies is determined by the needs of the importer.
After confirming that number, the C/O should be prepared using the general form available from a commercial printer.
The C/O must include the name of the vessel and state that the port of discharge or final destination is Bahrain.
The C/O must list the contents of each shipping unit, the manufacturer of each item within and the products' country of origin.
If any of the shipped goods are not wholly the product of their origin country, the following statement should be included:
The statement should be followed by a list of countries and the percentages of each country's foreign components.
The C/O should include a notarized statement by the shipper that the information stated is true and correct.
Each C/O copy should be attached to a copy of the commercial invoice.
(Last updated on 2014-11-11)
When the seller/exporter arranges for the shipping insurance, a copy of the insurance certificate or insurance policy must be included among the shipping documents sent to the consignee.
If the insurance coverage is provided by the buyer/importer, the commercial invoice must state that the insurance is placed in Bahrain.
A shipper who wishes to protect his beneficial interest in the cargo in the event of loss or damage prior to delivery to the ultimate consignee should cover the cargo with either an FOB/FAS clause or contingency insurance clause coverage.
(Last updated on 2013-01-01)
A "steamship certificate", issued by the steamship line, may be required stating that the vessel carrying the ocean freight is not an Israeli vessel and no scheduled Israeli port calls.
All import shipments of food and drink to Bahrain must be covered by a "cyclamate certificate" issued and signed by the manufacturer or the exporter that the products do not contain cyclamates.
(Last updated on 2013-01-01)
The International Standards for Phytosanitary Measures No. 15 (ISPM-15) has not yet been adopted by this country.: Agricultural Quarantine Unit, Plant Health Directorate, Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Agriculture, POB 251, Manama; phone: +973 1779 6688; fax: +973 1769 3386; email: amamohamed@mun.gov.bh
General Information:
For a listing of countries that have adopted ISPM-15 requirements see: ISPM15.com.
For IPPC contact information by country see: International Plant Protection Convention (IPPC), and select "Countries".
(Last updated on 2015-04-30)
In general, follow standard shipping practices.
(Last updated on 2014-09-02)
Labels must be in Arabic or in Arabic/English. Arabic stickers are accepted.
Common GCC labeling standards should be observed. Check: GCC Standardization Organization, Al Gadeer and Olaya Street, POB 85245, SA-11691 Riyadh; phone: +966 11 274 6655; fax: +966 11 210 5391; email: csc@gso.org.sa
Goods should be clearly marked with country of origin.
There are specific packaging and labeling requirements that apply to food products, pharmaceuticals and cigarettes.
Food labels must include:
All fats and oils (including gelatins) used as ingredients must be specifically identified on the label.
Pork products, or products containing pork or pork lard, should be clearly identified as such on the label. Products found to contain traces of pork that are not so labeled will be confiscated and possibly banned from future import for a specified period of time. 2013-12-17)
Product standards are regulated by the Bahrain Standards & Metrology Directorate (BSMD), Ministry of Industry and Commerce, Bldg. 240, Road 1704, Block 317, POB 5479, BH-Bahrain; phone: +973 17 574871; fax: +973 17 530730; email: bsmd@moic.gov.bh
Also see ISO Standards Membership.
GCC Standards (click button for English on top bar, right side): The Gulf Cooperation Council member countries of Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates have recently established standards (GCC Standards) for the importation of certain products. These standards have been instituted in collaboration with the Saudi Arabian Standards Authority (SASO), Imam Saud Bin Abdul Aziz Bin Mohammed Rd. (West End), POB 3437, SA-11471 Riyadh; phone: +966 1 452 0000; fax: +966 1 452 0086; email: saso@saso.org.sa.
(Last updated on 2014-01-07)
Bahrain has ratified the Istanbul Convention on temporary admission of goods in May 2012. The ATA Carnet System is expected to be implemented shortly.
An ATA Carnet is obtained in the country from which the goods are to be first exported (see list of participating 2013-09-02).The TÂ 90 TÂ 90 being tuned to spontaneous listening enjoyment, the music fan can immediately immerse himself in the sound. The TÂ 90 combines the neutral analytic sound of the Tesla transducer with a full, warm timbre and a joy of playing that brings pleasure with it from the very first note. The TÂ 90 not only stands out due to its high level of sound quality but also from its elegant appearance. The velvet materials used on the headband and ear pads ensure endless listening pleasure and wearing comfort. more »B00890YNCrown-Indigenous Relations and Northern Affairs Canada (formerly Indigenous/Indian and Northern Affairs Canada or INAC) was created by the federal government in 2017 to oversee matters pertaining to Indigenous-government affairs, such as treaties and Indigenous rights. The department is tasked with accelerating progress towards self-government and working in cooperation with Indigenous peoples to achieve desired ends. The department also manages the Northern affairs portfolio, which concerns the needs of communities living in Northern Canada. The department has two ministers: a minister of Crown-Indigenous Relations and a minister of Northern Affairs.
Creation of the Department
In 2017, the government of Justin Trudeau implemented a recommendation of the Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples (1996) by dissolving Indigenous and Northern Affairs Canada (INAC) and replacing it with two new departments: Indigenous Services Canada and Crown-Indigenous Relations and Northern Affairs Canada. (See also Federal Departments of Indian and Northern Affairs.)
Indigenous Services works toward improving the quality of services delivered to Indigenous peoples, with the eventual goal of having these services delivered by Indigenous communities rather than the Crown. Crown-Indigenous Relations and Northern Affairs Canada oversees Indigenous-government relations, including matters pertaining to treaty rights and self-government.
The department also manages the Northern affairs portfolio, which concerns the needs of communities living in Northern Canada. In July 2018, Northern affairs became part of the Department of Intergovernmental and Northern Affairs and Internal Trade Canada. The following year, Northern affairs reverted to Crown-Indigenous Relations. The department now has two ministers: a minister of Crown-Indigenous Relations and a minister of Northern Affairs.
Carolyn Bennett, the first minister of Crown-Indigenous Relations and Northern Affairs Canada,
Crown-Indigenous Relations and Northern Affairs builds on the work of INAC by advancing federal-First Nations relations, Inuit-Crown relations and federal-Métis government relations, as a means of supporting self-determination and matters similarly relating to Indigenous peoples in Canada, such as land claims and reconciliation. (See also Truth and Reconciliation Commission.)
The department is also tasked with leading the federal government’s work in the North. This includes working with territorial governments and other leaders to develop policies for Indigenous and non-Indigenous peoples living in northern communities, concerning matters such as oil and gas (see also Pipelines in Canada), land and resources (see also Natural Resources and Mineral Resources), the environment and health.
Select Priorities and Developments
The department has outlined various priority areas since its creation, including improving relationships with Indigenous peoples, encouraging self-government and supporting progressive policies in the North.
It has committed to finding new ways to working with Indigenous peoples on the path toward reconciliation. The federal government has established “permanent bilateral mechanisms” with Indigenous leaders to “identify joint priorities, co-develop policy and monitor progress.”
The Northern affairs portfolio has its own set of priorities, including a shared Arctic leadership model, climate change adaption programs, improvements to Nutrition North Canada, and devolution in Nunavut. In association with various partners, the federal government has developed a framework “to empower people and communities to work together for a vibrant, prosperous and sustainable region.”It’s hard to pinpoint one particular person or place that is responsible for the creation of downhill mountain biking, but the sport we love today undoubtedly has roots in Marin County, CA.
The video below is a news piece from Evening Magazine of a group of downhill biking pioneers from 1979. The sport was called ‘Klunking’ back then, and the riders created their own mountain bikes of sorts.
Most riders modified old Schwinn bikes with better brakes, fatter tires, and more gears to handle the steep fire roads on Marin County’s fabled Mount Tamalpais.
This video is an absolute gold mine of classic mountain biking shots. I love seeing what everybody was wearing, listening to them talk, and being able to see how the sport started to grow. I also got a kick out of how there’s not a helmet in sight, and everybody seems like they’re stoned.
Must have been a rad time to be the in the Bay Area.
Evening Magazine Remembered – San Francisco: “Thank you to the Marin Museum of Bicycling in Fairfax, California. It 2014 it was with their assistance that we were able to reconstruct this important piece of history:Before, during and after the epic Fed Cup World Group I tie between Serbia and Slovakia, it has been exasperating looking at the number of people who are so determined to pit Ana and Jelena against each other for no reason. Clearly, Jelena fells the same way and here she is talking to the media a couple of days ago;
“We cannot achieve anything for Serbia without each other. This victory is very much Ana’s, just like all the other girls. Because of my condition I could not sit on the bench all the time and cheer for her the first day, but I was watching on Sunday when she played against Cibulkova” – says Jelena.
“It is ridiculous to say that I have something against her and that I do not care that she wins and is happy. I was overjoyed when she won against Hantuchova, this victory meant a lot to us. I’m sorry that she got injured, it was a real setback for her, but I want her to recover as soon as possible and start winning again.”
Yeah. You tell ‘em.Choose from a range of graded leathers, all with the luxury and refinement you would expect. Available in five colors.
RANGE ROVER SEEuropean model shown with optional equipment.
- Premium LED headlights with signature Daytime Running Lights
- 21" Style 5112 wheels
- Sliding panoramic roof
- Online Pack with Data Plan¹ and Amazon Alexa³
- Perforated Windsor leather seats
RANGE ROVER AUTOBIOGRAPHY
European model shown with optional equipment.- Front centre console refrigerator compartment
- 22" Style 1073, Diamond Turned with Gloss Dark Grey contrast wheels
- 11.4" Rear Seat Entertainment
- Meridian™ Signature Sound System
- Executive Class Comfort rear seats
RANGE ROVER FIRST EDITION
European model shown with optional equipment.
The Range Rover, refined to unprecedented heights.
- 23" Style 1074 wheels
- Illuminated aluminum treadplates with First Edition script
- 11.4" Rear Seat Entertainment
- Executive Class Comfort Plus rear seats
- Tailgate Event Suite with leather cusions
RANGE ROVER SV*European model shown with optional equipment.
- Available in Standard and Long Wheelbase
- SV exclusive front bumper and grille design
- SV exclusive metal plated exterior accents
- Gloss White or Satin Black ceramic controls
- Optional four-seat SV Signature Suite
-.
- Amazon, Alexa and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. Certain Alexa functionality is dependent on smart home technology. Use of Amazon Alexa requires an Amazon account.Julian Finney/Getty Images [ Five Great Places To Ski & Snowboard Close To Albany NY By Dalton Castle March 3, 2014 As the winter drags on, it’s important to look on the bright side. The longer it stays cold in Albany, the longer you have to check out one of the many mountains close by for skiing and snowboarding. Read More Category: Around Albany, Local Stuff, Sports Tags: family, sking, snow, snowboard, weekend, winter Send to a friend! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr!Homophobic hate crimes reach ‘alarming’ 10-year high in London
Homophobic attacks in London rose to a shocking 10-year high this summer as nearly 400 offences were recorded by the Metropolitan Police in June alone.
It represents the worst month on record for anti-LGBTQ+ hate crimes in London, with Met data going back to April 2011.
Among the 399 homophobic hate crimes recorded in June were 52 attacks targeting trans people, again the highest number on record.
Transphobic hate crimes also remained high between July and September, with a further 119 attacks recorded over the three months.
The issue is set to be addressed in City Hall on Thursday by Labour Assembly Member Unmesh Desai, who is expected to ask the Mayor of London what work is being undertaken to reverse the worrying trend.
Mr Desai, who represents the GLA City and East constituency, said the figures were “alarming and depressing”, and warned “we cannot be complacent when it comes to tackling homophobia”.
He said: “My constituency of City and East has recently been shaken by the brutal murder of Ranjith Kankanamalage in Tower Hamlets Cemetery Park, which the police are treating as a homophobic hate crime.
“There is also the ongoing inquiry into the police’s handling of the murders of four gay men committed by Stephen Port in Barking.
“The LGBTQ+ community in east London need reassurances that all the necessary measures are being taken to protect them from abuse and violence and that they can feel confident in coming forward reporting hate crime incidents to the police.”
Police are currently hunting a suspect in relation to the homophobic killing of Mr Kankanamalage – known to friends as Roy - with a £20,000 reward on offer for any information that could lead to an arrest.
But despite recent incidents in east London, it is the central London borough of Westminster that has seen the highest number of homophobic hate crimes in the past decade, with 2,238 offences recorded in that time.
Robbie de Santos, director of communications and external affairs for LGBTQ+ charity Stonewall, said the increase in hate crimes is “deeply concerning” but warned the actual number was likely far higher, with as many as four in five offences not reported.
Research from Stonewall has found that up to 81 per cent of LGBTQ+ people who have experienced hate crimes do not report them to the police, with younger people showing greater reluctance.
Mr de Santos said: “All lesbian, gay, bi, trans and queer people deserve to live our lives free from fear, and these figures must be a wakeup.”
Over the past decade, incidents of homophobic hate crime offences in London have peaked in the summer months, with the highest number of incidents occurring between June and August.
While June 2021 was the worst month in the past 10 years for homophobic hate crimes, offences continued to remain high in the following months, with a total of 955 attacks between July and September.
In the 12 months leading up to September this year, the number of homophobic attacks in London increased by almost five per cent compared to the previous 12 months.
Sadiq Khan is expected to outline steps being taken to tackle homophobic hate crime in London during Mayor’s Question Time at City Hall on Thursday, as well as what work is being done to understand the spike in homophobic hate crimes seen over the past 10 summers.
Stephen Port detective tells inquest jurors of regret over laptop ‘failing’
Fifa open disciplinary hearings over England vs Hungary crowd trouble
Crimes recorded on or around parliamentary estate revealed in dataTook some time off from being a tourist and went to the movies in Brussels with some friends to see this American Blockbuster. This episode of the series took place sometime in the future in a place I am quite familiar with -San Francisco. Always have been a fan of the Apes.
Going to the cinema in a foreign country has the usual routines: schedule checking, ticket purchase, locating seat in darkened auditorium and settling in while watching trailers and assorted commercials for junk food.
However each culture can have its own nuances. Belgium is no exception. First of all this theatre was ultra modern with comfortable chairs, huge screen and superb audio system. It sounded like the apes were hovering all around us as well as seemingly in the trees above. Nice affect.
Chose the 3D option and the special affects were spectacular. Unlike in the US theaters the glasses were distributed in unopened plastic bags and you did not have to return them.
The film was predominantly in the original English, however the Apes often spoke in their subliminal sign language which displayed in sub titles both French and Flemish. Two lines representing each language. Took a little while to get used to that. For the most part I was able to comprehend the Flemish as it is close to German. I did have a little help from my friend Gab who whispered some interpretations that were key in understanding the flow of the Ape dynamic.
Seeing a film located in the futuristic badly damaged Bay Area made me long to walk past SF city hall and the Hall Of Science again soon. Hope the Apes will not take over before Mid August.
1 comment:
Sounds so realistic, that you should have been wearing a helmetSomtochukwu
Official Website of Somtochukwu Lady-Diana Okoye of Nigeria 🇳🇬.
Apply for the role of Business Development Officer at Oilpro Oilfield Services […]
START SAVING!! Burna Boy Unveils Date For His Lagos Concert, […]
Media Personality, Shade Ladipo Reveals Why People Are Not Watching Gulder Ultimate Search, Defends Toke […]
Somtochukwu Lady-Diana Okoye for the 44th Miss Nigeria Crown
Hello distinguished people, It is with great pleasure that we need our founder to be the Next Miss Nigeria.1Get Price
1 70 arranged adjacent to an upper end 72 of the supply channel 68 to a hopper
Apr 01
Apr 03 2015
Buffer Hopper For First Mill Cable Hammer Mill Hopper Inlet Plat Eiser Primary Crusher Dump Truck Hopper Feed Though Hopper In Hammer Crusher Cement Industry Limestone Crusher Dump Hopper Rcc Prices Quote Auxilary Hopper To Feed Trummel Screen
Feb 25 more
Figure 55 1 Hammer crusher Crushed particles are supplied through the hopper as feed to the top screen Feed enters through opening on top and goes unde r repetition of alternate n
Grain Hammer Mill souwerbrenscheepvaartnl 2014612 Hammer Mill Animation Grain henrysreimede Save grain hammer mill to get email alerts and updates on your ebay feed items in search results new electric hammer mill herb grain grinder pulverizer powder machine 170139 brand new 52250 grinderhammer millgrain mill chat online Size Reduction Eriez Lab Equipment
impactor or hammermill crusher Normally applies to reversible machinesFeldspar 7Quartz 8Topaz 9Corundum
Jan 04 2014 It depends on the feed material and the output size If you can keep the crusher constantly fed and the output size is approx 25mm1 you could probably get around 8 to 10 tonnes per hour I suppose that would be about 45 cubic metres per hour depending on the weight of the material
May 11 2017 The hopper envisioned in this discussion is a very simple device similar to the present crushing equipment except that the feed conveyor would be inclined to accept input at the necessary low level while discharging into the top of the crusher With gravity feed into the crusher and either a large inlet for the latter or a simple chute
Nov 27 2020
opposite to the feed
SEEC hammer crusher is suitable for large scale organic fertilizer production Its crushing devices include hammer baffle and screen During working process the hammer in high speed rotation will make materials into small pieces by intense impact And particles with qualified size will go through
The HAZEMAG Feeder Breaker HFB is a complete horizontal roll crusher plant which operates on the fieldproven principle of crushing in the horizontal material flow The Feeder Breaker consists primarily of two machine components the crushing roll and the chain conveyor The arrangement of the crushing roll above the chain conveyor allows the
The Jaw Crusher BB 50 is a robust and powerful forcedfeed crusher The feed material passes through the norebound hopper and enters the crushing chamber Size reduction in the Jaw Crusher takes place in the wedge shaped area between the fixedBmore - Zen West
I had lunch today. I have to say, someone in there must have spent time in TX. The salsa had a nice smokey note to it and carried some serious heat, at least as far as most east coast gringoes are concerned. I had the steak tacos which I found to be quite tasty. The pico de gallo that came with them was very hot, right at my threshold. Which I loved, by the way; it's about time someone stood up to wimpy tex-mex. If you want it wimpy, then go to Chipotle. Hell, the pico is on the side, so don't use it if you don't like spice. But if you do, fire it up baby!
- re: pleiades
Someone there seems like they have NEVER even been to Texas!! There are never ever beans in Texas Chili. Zen West's "Authentic Texas Chili" was a bowl of refried beans with added chucks of cooked-elsewhere beef, not the slow simmered pot of beef and chilis it should be. They really should have done some research. Also, raw garlic in salsa is not only not authentic but a very bad idea. And find the limes and cilantro please! Place is cute, but they need help in the kitchen. Very disappointiing.
- The original comment has been removed
- The original comment has been removedGiovanni’s Restaurant Detroit, MI
Giovanni’s Ristorante is an Italian restaurant, established in 1968 and located in Detroit, MI 48217.
It is a place that serve Italian cuisine as well as wines and spirits in a great atmosphere.
In addition to the main dining room, they have a room called ‘the Godfather’ which is a perfect spot for business meetings and for private dining.
Also, there is a special wine-room for wine tasting, it is a great choice for lunch and dinner in Detroit, the food is made by Chef Randy and Chef Paulina Tarducci.
Visit Giovanni’s restaurant Detroit at 330 Oakwood BLVD, call to 313.841.0122 for reservations and more information, the link to the main menu is available below.
Restaurant's information
- Address: 330 Oakwood Boulevard, Detroit, MI 48217
- Phone: +1 313-841-0122
- Cuisine: Italian
- Prices: $$$
- Website:
- Instagram:
Opening hours
- Sunday: Closed
- Monday: Closed
- Tuesday: 11:00-21:00
- Wednesday: 11:00-21:00
- Thursday: 11:00-21:00
- Friday: 11:00-22:00
- Saturday: 16:00-22:00
Write a ReviewAbstract
The cobalt(III) macrocyclic Schiff-base complex, [Coᴵᴵᴵ(CR)Cl]ClO₄ (CR = 2,12-dimethyl-3,7,11,17-tetra-azabicyclo[11.3.1]-heptadeca-1(17),2,11,13,15-pentaene), is an active catalyst for the electrocatalytic proton reduction to generate dihydrogen in both acetonitrile and 100% aqueous solution (at −0.57 and −0.85 V vs SCE, respectively), using p-cyanoanilinium tetrafluoroborate and acetic acid as proton sources, respectively. Bulk electrolysis confirmed that dihydrogen is produced with >90% Faradaic yields and >50 TON in both solvents. [Coᴵᴵᴵ(CR)Cl₂]ClO₄ also catalyzes photo-driven (λ > 390 nm) hydrogen production in aqueous acetonitrile at TON of 180 (not optimized), using [Irᴵᴵᴵ(ppy)₂(bpy)]PF₆ as the photosensitizer, triethanolamine (TEOA) as the sacrificial donor and acetic acid as the proton source. Copyright © 2011 Hydrogen Energy Publications, LLC.
CitationLeung, C.-F., Chen, Y.-Z., Yu, H.-Q., Yiu, S.-M., Ko, C.-C., & Lau, T.-C. (2011). Electro- and photocatalytic hydrogen generation in acetonitrile and aqueous solutions by a cobalt macrocyclic Schiff-base complex. International Journal of Hydrogen Energy, 36(18), 11640-11645. doi: 10.1016/j.ijhydene.2011.06.062
Keywords
- Electrocatalyst
- Photocatalyst
- Hydrogen generation
- CobaltSummer movies mean only one thing—aliens. This year it also means dinosaurs rampaging through the theater. Given Jurassic World‘s incredible cash haul at the box office, it’s a wonder anything has survived its carnage. Wouldn’t it be interesting if aliens and dinosaurs battle it out in one movie? I wonder what that would be like? Would you go see it?
For today’s Monday Mayhem, I would like to fantasize for a moment about a movie that I’d love to see at the theater. How does that old writer’s adage go? Oh, yes. A writer writes stuff they’d like to read. In this case, although I’m not a director, a movie I’d like to see would be an all-out battle between aliens and dinosaurs. Wouldn’t that be something?
How would such a movie start?
First, I’d like to see the amped-up dinos from Jurassic World make an appearance. It would only be fitting. Give the aliens ray guns to blast, make the dinosaurs impossible to kill, and what you’d have would be a film filled with intense battles, outstanding special effects and a crazy amount of science fiction to boot. Even more so, would the dinosaurs win if the aliens were the aliens from the movie Aliens? Try saying that fast three times.
The aliens from Aliens have acid for blood. If a dino bites the head off one of the aliens, the beast would surely choke on its own blood. It would be like it had slugged back a carton full of glass. Raw and tender doesn’t even describe the pain the beasts would feel.
How about making the film more fantastic? How about if the aliens were the little green men from another planet like in the movie Mars Attacks!? I’m not sure if the dinos would survive, but at the same time the beasts would have their paws full chasing after the little buggers all over the entire planet.
Since I’m throwing ideas out there to see what sticks, how about a movie that features the creatures from Gremlins? Talk about little annoyances. Remember what the three basic rules are for not producing a gremlin from a mogwai? Here they are
- Never get them wet
- Never expose them to bright light
- And never, ever feed them after midnight
Imagine if you had a pool full of these creatures run after the dinos? I don’t even think velociraptors would be able to survive such an onslaught.
I can’t help myself—one more. How about a movie where Aliens and Gremlins face off in an ultimate death match to see who would go after the dinos?
Why limit it to a handful of velociraptors? Let’s throw a few thousand of these killer animals on an island to go after anything that movies. Oh, wait. I think that was the point of Jurassic Park III.
No matter, it’s always a great way to pass the time imagining about worlds teeming with fantasy.
RANGER MARTIN AND THE ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE, on sale now.
RANGER MARTIN AND THE ALIEN INVASION, on sale now.
RANGER MARTIN AND THE SEARCH FOR PARADISE, on sale October 20.
What movie would you like to see made that no one has ever made before?
13 thoughts on “Dinosaurs Vs. Aliens”
Has to be Foucault’s Pendulum. My favourite book of all time. They made a film of Umberto Eco’s Name of the Rose, but Foucault’s Pendulum has it all: esoteric mystery, secret societies, conspiracy, magic realism and human drama in various forms. Someone somewhere is probably sitting on the film rights.
Chris
I had a paperback of Foucalt’s Pendulum. After 3 moves, I haven’t the slightest idea where it got to. Interesting story, definitely.
What about bionic dinosaurs vs. zombie dinosaurs ?
Or dinosaurs that could use tools as devices to manipulate modern technology. Could a younger, smaller dinosaur even operate a tank or armored troop carrier ?
Hey, any idea that goes beyond the scope of reality is a good idea in my book!
I like to push the envelope or think outside the box in many cases. 🙂
Or is it pushing the box or thinking outside the envelope? 😉
Clever !!
Suddenly remembering Dino-Riders from when I was a kid. I’d like to see Aliens Vs Downtown Abbey . . . Never watched the show, but I’m sure it would be fun.
I haven’t seen it either, but I think that would be hilarious.
Wonder who would win.
Why not Dinosaurs v. Aliens v. Dragons and then throw the Hulk in there?
Digging the Dinosaurs vs. Gremlins concept. Pitch that idea, ASAP!
I was thinking it would make for a great sequel to the Gremlins franchise. Even the raptors would run for their lives!Twilight and Harry Potter Dolls Look Incredibly Lifelike
See Ya Later, Letterman
Where Are Your Favorite 80s Heartthrobs Now?
The Worst Upcoming Movies Of The Next Five Years
Will You See The Amy Winehouse Biopic?
5 Things We Learned from The Bachelorette Premiere
"The Bachelorette" is Back!
New Testosterone Booster Takes GNC by Storm
Bangin' Big Bang Theory Facts You Need to Know
TV First Kisses That Sealed the Deal
Easy Homemade Jerk Chicken
The Definitive Collection of Princess Leia Photos
Alfie Deyes Calls Gabriella Rose 'Immature'
The 50 Greatest Movie Franchises of All Time
'Duck Dynasty's' Uncle Si Explains Why Wife Isn't on TV
Fall In Love: The Best Romance Movies Of All Time
Fox Considers Comebacks For '24,' 'The X-Files' & 'Prison Break'
The 14 Most Underrated Movies of 2014
Sleepy Hollow: Cancel or Renew for Season Three?
Gotham: Season Two for Batman Prequel Series on FOX
Stunning New Facts About Heath Ledger's Biggest Role
13 Things You Never Noticed In Your Favorite Movie
Vikings: Season Four Renewal Coming for History Series?
Is "Everly" The Movie For You?
TV Finales That Failed Spectacularly
10 Greatest Plot Twists In The History Of Cinema
The Worst Jeopardy Fails of All Time
How Shameless' Mickey and Ian Became TV's Wildest (and Sweetest) Couple
8 Ill Advised Guest Appearances on TV Shows
Sharon Osbourne Seriously Slams The View viewing life. However, in yoga we are very careful about making this distinction, because the ability is there to perceive the unity behind the diversity. Although the yogi understands the absolute truth, he also accepts the relative truth of the subject-object relationship and the purpose for this awareness. If the awareness of duality is common to everybody, it must have some definite purpose; it cannot exist by accident or coincidence. The perception of duality is a stage of evolution, which every individual must pass through on his journey to enlightenment. Of course, this subject-object awareness of duality is also the cause of division, disharmony, unhappiness and sorrow. We are born to experience unity, not separation. That is our birthright and the sooner we realize it the better. For this reason, one has to be very alert about how he views life and interacts with the world. Although yogis understand the mundane experiences in relation to duality, at the same time the transcendental reality is seen and one is never identified or confused with the events of life. In this way, one lives in the world but remains untouched by it. Although people think human birth is for achieving things in the material world, the real purpose of birth as human is to rise above the perception of duality and experience unity. …. or so I believe ✌️
Purpose of Duality ? There must be a reason we feel separate right ?? Why , what is the value ?
Purpose of duality ?? What is it ? There must be a purpose for us to all feel separate right ?? Why ??In most countries of the world there are days set aside to honour their veterans, ex-members of their armed forces who sacrificed themselves for their countries. In Australia and New Zealand, we have what we call ANZAC Day. These letters stand for “Australian and New Zealand Army Corps”. Although the term “veteran” is often used of an ex-member of the armed forces, it can describe others as well. The actual definition of a “veteran” is “a person who has had long experience in a particular field.” For example, as mentioned last time, someone like Billy Graham who had proved God faithfulness over many years as a Bible teacher, author and evangelist.
The author of Psalm 71 was also a “veteran” of sorts. Although we aren’t given all the details, we know he was able to look back over many years to his birth and youth (vs. 5-6) with thanksgiving to God for his goodness and care for him. Even though his life had often been difficult (v. 20), he had also experienced God’s help during these times (vs. 15-17) and so was confident that now in his old age, God would continue to strengthen and protect him (vs. 1-4, 9, 18, 20-21) and therefore he could praise him (vs. 8, 14, 19, 22-24).
Broyles comments on this psalm as follows: the “key to understanding the spirituality of this psalm is that while it makes reference to the speaker’s lifelong devotion to God, its ultimate appeal is to ‘your righteousness’ [verses 2, 15, 16, 19 and 24)…We should not think of this as a static, moral description of being, but a dynamic, characteristic action of putting things right.” (# 4)
Ans so the psalmist prays:
In you, Lord, I have taken refuge;
let me never be put to shame.
2 In your righteousness, rescue me and deliver me;
turn your ear to me and save me… 15 My mouth will tell of your righteous deeds,
of your saving acts all day long… 16 I will come and proclaim your mighty acts, Sovereign Lord;
I will proclaim your righteous deeds, yours alone…
19 Your righteousness, God, reaches to the heavens,
you who have done great things.
Who is like you, God?…
24 My tongue will tell of your righteous acts
all day long,
In Psalm 4:1 we read the words, “Answer me when I call to you, O my righteous God…”
The NIV Study Bible comments: “Very often the ‘righteousness’ of God in the Psalms…refers to the faithfulness with which he acts. This faithfulness is in full accordance with his commitments…to his people and with his status as the divine King – to whom the powerless may look for protection, the oppressed for redress and the needy for help.” (# 45)
Juli Camarin on her blog writes;
“The Vine’s Dictionary defines righteousness in this way, ‘Righteousness is the character or quality of being right or just”. The righteousness of God is essentially the same as His faithfulness and truthfulness, and it is consistent with His nature and promises. In essence, the entire character of God depends on His ability to always do the right thing.
For humanity, God’s righteousness, ‘the character or quality of being right or just’, was demonstrated in Jesus. Since He created mankind with a choice (Genesis 2:16-17), knowing beforehand that they would sin, God’s righteousness was validated when He sent Jesus into the world to redeem it. In other words, He did not leave the consequences of that choice on the shoulders of humanity. Rather, God’s actions proved consistent with His righteous nature because God will always be faithful to mankind, Jesus demonstrated this.”
( )
We too, like the psalmist, can call out to ‘my righteous God” and be confident that in his faithfulness he will hear and act.
In the NT John writes of Jesus Christ, the Righteous One. (1 John 2:1) and we learn that we too, as God’s children are to seek the righteousness found in Jesus.
As Jesus said:
Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they will be filled. (Matthew 5:6)
But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well. (Matthew 6;33)
Paul wrote concerning. (Phil 3:7-9)
Father, thank you that you are the One who is right and just in all your ways. How we need to rest on this truth in these tumultuous days. Thank you for sending Jesus that we might obtain a righteousness only available through faith in Christ. Amen.It can be easy to get wrapped up in Portland’s pop and rock scene, the singalong stuff you hear in the clubs and on the radio. It’s nice, though, to delve a bit deeper into the talent pool every once in a while and take a listen to stuff being made on the scene’s edges and fringes.
What a change of pace, this week, to immerse myself in the sophomore album from the Kolosko Dimow Duo, a jazzy, worldly, maybe even new-agey collection of instrumentals featuring Nathan Kolosko’s precise and exacting classical guitar and Carl Dimow’s florid flutes (which you’ve heard before, assuredly, in everything from the Casco Bay Tummlers to Okbari to the Orchard and lots of other guest spots). Transposed with the upbeat and blood-boiling works of the likes of the Sophomore Beat, Holy Boys Danger Club, or Arms Against a Sea, Kolosko and Dimow are a salve, a bath of notes and sentiment.
The 12-song Border Crossings is essentially in three pieces. A four-song collection penned by Kolosko, inspired by Steinbeck’s short novel The Pearl; a four-song “Klezmer Suite” by Dimow, taken from his experience with the Tummlers and the Klezmer tradition; and four interpretations of work by Baden Powell de Aquino, pronounced in places as the greatest-ever Brazilian guitarist, with dozens of recordings to his name, including a dozen released after his death at 63 in 2000.
Maybe unsurprisingly, the Powell works are the most accessible, filled with melodies and riffs you should find familiar, even if you can’t quite place them. The album opener, “Canto de Xango,” fires in with both players making their instruments percussive, as though heading off any thoughts you might have that this is going to be a light-weight affair, then settles into a folksy samba. At times here and on later Powell tunes Dimow’s bass flute rattles to the point where it sounds a little like a giant kazoo. It’s unlikely you’ve heard this instrument played this way.
“Canto do Ossanha” is my favorite of the Powell songs, painting a picture of a dark jazz club, with some slurred trills from Dimow and a cool switch that brings the guitar to the fore in the second half, arcing out a spry and pop melody for a few delicious measures. The song has a ton of personality.
Kolosko’s four songs, collected under the title “Nayarit,” for the Mexican state, carve out a narrative centered around Kino, Steinbeck’s protagonist, and in “Kino” we’re meant to live with him the varied emotions he experiences throughout the parable — despair, ecstasy, pride, fear, remorse, utter despondency. It’s the kind of song that might remind you of interpretive dance, where you can just about see the head of an oddly frocked dancer pop up, look about in exaggerated manner, and start gliding across the stage. I’m not sure if that’s a good thing or a bad thing. It’s an expressive song, but for my money it doesn’t go far enough. I don’t think the lows are low enough or the highs high enough. I was hoping for something manic, something crazed. It’s not quite there.
If you’re looking for a lullaby, though, you can’t do much better than Kolosko’s “Duerme.” It’s four minutes of restfulness made musical.
Dimow’s “Klezmer Suite” is a little more abstract, especially the opening “Tarras,” where Kolosko is quick and quiet, with hordes of rolling notes, while Dimow carves out a gypsy melody that moves so high in the register that the flute seems to actually strain at the effort, with distorted and fraying notes. It gets chaotic, almost mean; there are squalls of sound. “Dreams of Yesterday and Tomorrow” opens with a flute like a djembe, tribal in the way Dimow spits out a single high note at the finish of long lines. Kolosko does a wonderful job mid-song with a repeating bounce of five notes, then gets very staccato and boom-bip. Finally, the two snake in and out of one another, locking in for certain melodies, playing call-and-response at other times. It’s their best interplay on the album.
The other two tunes in the suite are more bouncy and summery, in the case of “Casco Bay Chusidl,” or just-plain familiar, as in “Oriental Hora,” where the two execute a tough speed-up throughout the six-minute song, but don’t quite let their hair down in the finish, keeping things decidedly on the rails.
If some of the playing is “safe,” however, the recording is anything but. The mics are so raw and close that you can often hear them taking breaths, even seeming to sigh with the effort of pulling off a particularly sweet piece of music. There’s nothing to hide behind here, and it’s clear they don’t need it anyway. Kolosko and Dimow are both excellent in their crafts, and original in what they do, and there’s a lot to listen for here.
Sam Pfeifle can be reached at sam_pfeifle@yahoo.com.BORDER CROSSINGS | Released by Kolosko Dimow Duo | at Trinity Episcopal Church, in Portland | March 27 | carldimow.com | nathankolosko.com
Table of Contents
Cover Archive
Masthead | Authors | Contact us
See all articles by:
SAM PFEIFLE
All SlideshowsMeeting the Greatest Needs of Children
When you give to the Greatest Need Children’s Fund, you help Connecticut Children’s meet the immediate medical, emotional and social health care needs of our patients and their families. The Greatest Need Children’s Fund provides resources for immediate necessities—like purchasing PPE during the pandemic—and allows Connecticut Children’s to make strategic investments in important initiatives like Virtual Health Care and more close-to-home care locations. The Greatest Need Children’s Fund is the backbone of support for Connecticut Children’s.
Family-Centered Care
When a child is sick or injured, it affects the entire family. Of course, the medical, emotional and social health of a child is paramount. But we know treatment and procedures can be scary, so we have Child Life Specialists who explain procedures to patients in age-appropriate ways. They also provide support for siblings, because having a sick brother or sister is tough. Parents may need to take extra time away from work when they have a sick child, so we make Family Assistance available. Providing bus passes or medical transportation to make sure families can get to critical medical appointments and assuring rent and utility bills are paid—so children have a safe and warm home to recover in—are parts of our family-centered care.
Expert Providers
The people who deliver care to patients at Connecticut Children’s are truly remarkable. Many of our physicians are recognized as international leaders in their disciplines, and all of our clinicians have one thing in common: they are dedicated to the children in their care. For 2021-2022, Connecticut Children’s has been named one of the best pediatric hospitals in the country by U.S. News & World Report. Once again our Pediatric Diabetes and Endocrinology, Gastroenterology and GI Surgery, Urology and Neonatology programs are top-ranked nationally, and for the first time, our Orthopedics division also achieved the national ranking in addition to being recognized as the top orthopedics program in the state of Connecticut.
Specialized Equipment
Many think running a children’s hospital costs less than an adult hospital. Kids are smaller, so everything should be smaller and less expensive, but the opposite is true. Because our patients range from one-pound micro-preemie babies to 65-year-old adult congenital heart defect patients, we need more equipment in more sizes. This allows us to be ready to provide the best care for every patient who comes through our doors, whether they are born at 25 weeks or have been living with a congenital pediatric condition into adulthood.
Jordyn's Story
When Jordyn was born, it seemed that she was a healthy baby. The doctors heard a slight heart murmur shortly after birth, but otherwise she did very well and went home. When her mom, Bethany, took Jordyn to her first checkup a few of days later, the doctors heard something much more concerning. They discovered she had pulmonary stenosis, a condition where the valve that controls blood flow to the lungs is not opening wide enough. It’s a condition that requires a surgical or catheter intervention right away.
“From the imaging,” Bethany says, “they thought the percentage of closure would be in the 70s, but when they went in, they found it was much worse. In fact, that valve was 92 percent closed. They were surprised I didn’t walk in there with a dead baby. They couldn’t believe she lasted as long as she did. We were lucky that the doctors were on their game and looked at her as quickly as they did.”
To look at Jordyn today, you’d never guess she had any kind of issue as a baby. She is a competitive dancer, winning most of her competitions.
Icemule has taken over the cooler industry with its new design and innovative coolers. Earlier, the perception of coolers was quite different. Something quite heavy to carry, something you can sit upon. With the coming of Icemule in the industry, such perception about coolers vanished suddenly<< with these series and products.
Icemule Classic Coolers
Icemule Classic Coolers are compact and portable coolers that give a long-lasting ice retention period. The Polar Layer Insulation keeps your food and beverages cold for more than 24 hours. Quite Impressive, I guess. The IM Airwave technology installed in the coolers gives more insulation, thus keeping the ice as ice for more duration. What’s making it more interesting is the fact that these cooler are waterproof. There evokes no problem of any leakage, and thus, carrying such a portable cooler feels weightless. One can choose from the three available sizes depending upon their use and requirement, i.e., Small, Medium, Large. These cooler bags are available in a variety of colors. Icemule Classic Ice Chest has a capacity of 10 liters, 15 liters, and 20 liters.
Last update on 2021-06-15 / Affiliate links / Images from Amazon Product Advertising API
Icemule Pro Coolers
Icemule Pro Coolers outsmart the Icemule Classic coolers in terms of the size since they are supersized over the Icemule Classic Coolers. With the Icemule Classic Coolers being limited to 20 Litres, the Icemule Pro coolers surpass them. The Icemule Pro Coolers have a capacity of 23 Litres, 33 Litres, and 40 Litres. Apart from their sizes, what distinguishes them from the Icemule Classic coolers is double padded straps.
Last update on 2021-03-25 / Affiliate links / Images from Amazon Product Advertising API
Icemule Boss coolers
The Icemule Boss, the ultimate Cooler as called by the Icemule itself, comes in one size. This Ultimate Cooler has a capacity of 30 Litres. With the spacious room available, you can store your ham sandwich, beer, and everything you want to carry along with you. Built with mule skin fabric, the Icemule Boss cooler seems tougher, durable, and strong.
Features of Icemule Coolers
With the introduction of Icemule coolers, the perception of coolers suddenly changed. What makes Icemule Coolers so different from the rest of the brands? What’s more, there to find out that it’s a unique approach. Let’s find out: Icemule’s Proprietary Technology, the science behind your ice stays as ice, and your drinks remain cold. Let’s be familiar with this science.
- Tough Build – First,wave. capable of holding 23 liters, 33 liters, and 43 liters. Further, there is an addition of double padded straps so that the Icemule Coolers can be thrown on the shoulders and weigh
The most important thing while shopping is getting options and choices. When you get the right options, you can easily compare the features of different products. So, take a look at the category-wise comparison of different Icemule coolers. harmful routine, you will find your ice as ice when you carry the Icemule Cooler along with you. First, the Icemule coolers use the Polar Layer Insulation foam that promises to keep your beverages cold for 24 hours. Besides this Polar Layer Insulation foam, the Icemule coolers are built with IM Airwalve. The sole purpose. In comparison, the rest of the brands offer more warranty period than offered by the Icemule. For example, we talk about Yeti, one of the most premium brands in the cooler industry, gives 3 month warranty period on the soft coolers.
Icemule Pro Coolers- Comparison
- Portable – The Icumule Pro Coolers are more portable. Being so lightweight, these ice chests can be carried anywhere. In addition to this, these coolers come with shoulder straps that perfectly fit your shoulders, and you can roam around with some other equipment.
- Durable and Water Proof – The Icemule Pro cooler brags about durability and toughness. These coolers can suffer-normal tear and wear. In addition to this, these coolers are waterproof. So, this means that you need determine whether the claim is justified and live up to our expectations. The Icemule Pro Series offers up to 24 hours. You can choose the best for you depending on your specifications or budget, filtering out the various factors such as price, storage, and ice retention..
Customer’s FAQ’s
Icemule coolers are designed using a method called radio-frequency welding. They focus on the quality, strength, and durability of these coolers so that they can withstand anything that’s thrown at them. In fact, these cooler bags are resistant to water. These coolers are designed using a heavy-duty material that adds to the strength of these coolers. These coolers are anything but extraordinary than an average soft-sided cooler.
Depending upon the cooler you choose, the ice retention of icemule coolers vary. You will get ice retention for 24 hours in some coolers, wherein in the Boss series, you will get ice retention for multiple days.
It is essential to clean your cooler to get the most out of these coolers. Well, while camping, if you have only put ice inside the bag, pour the ice and let it hang to dry. Apart from that, if you have loaded content inside the cooler bag, it is essential to hose it using liquid soap. So, before you embark on your next trip, make sure to clean the cooler well.Horny cat seduces dog; Animal Sex Porn Tube. 10:08 HD. Goat zoofilia tubes. 05:02. · Trial New Releases Lazy-Ass Cats: A Coloring Book for Adults by Lindsay Conner. The farm porn. There are hundreds and thousands of animal sex and beastiality videos on the internet today. Hot young girls porn here - only best xxx movies absolutley free! 5:08 100% 11,477 vrbangers. Nice girl suck horse cock 552 552. Pitbull blowjob. Animal Sex Gold. Cat fuck in ass. Homemade. To observe the cat penis / cat dick, you want to discover a region where the urethra leaves beneath his tail and look for just a tiny tuft of hair where there’s a very small dot. Hot goat zoo porn. Zoo Sex. 8:17. Sex porno kapali k
Shakes nice butt. Tags: babe, big tits, blonde, catfight, pussy. Cats Love Catnip Because It Is A. 13:36 HD. Dog fucking her cunt 832 832. I know this from a high school boyfriend who told me he washed his hands after playing with his cat when we were 15. All sex videos Mobile and HD available for download. 26. Lesbian with an anal cork in a juicy butt and as a cat gets double orgasm when a girlfriend fucks her with a strapon. Babe, Black, Dogs, Fucking. One advernture comes to a close and another begins. 00:31. Animal fuckers. Real zoo fuck - free site about. I didnt cum on my cat. BravoTube. Some cats don't like to be handled, so take a little time to let him or her get comfortable around you. Sex porno kapali k
The site has no property nor produces any of the displayed videos. Outdoor sheep sex. Cat Woman Fuck by Girls of Desire. She doesn't call me a. ”: by fantazi dog fuck girl young girl sucks the penis with her dog sic pervert mom tongue fucks he sexy 6yo daughters butt hole to moisten for trained 10 inch dog dick dog rape girl. Beast with little girl. ! *** Please Subscribe and Like: love animals. Goat sex. Lesbian. Privatleben. PornHub. Just look how these cats, kittens, dogs, puppies, cows,. . 1:58. Extreme Balls Deep Hardcore Threesome With Anal Sex Addict Abbie Cat. Results for : sam and cat 274,743 videos. Sex porno kapali k
Gay Fuck Porn Tube - we daily see new gay porn videos online for free viewing. 12:25. Blow dildo while fingering 134 tokens remaining United States ; 2,5 Std, 1104 Zuschauer; HD+. Daily. Goat fucking. If I tried to fuck a cat Vagini would swell and seal up like she got punched in the face. Mature, home, gays. Neighbor. Lea Heilmann wuchs in einem Dorf bei Rostock auf, ihre unverheirateten Eltern trennten sich, als Lea zwei Jahre alt war. 2 years ago%. Ass, Banging, Doggy, Dogs, Girls. 10. Search. With Tenor, maker of GIF Keyboard, add popular Fuck Cat animated GIFs to your conversations. Tags: brunette. Check out the best videos, photos, gifs and playlists from amateur model Ruda Cat. She can't kill anything no matter how hard she tries. 19yo friends on cam jerking. Free Beastiality porn and Sex Taboo: Pleasuring cat in heat Gaybeast - Animal Porn Man at MadnessPorn. Sex porno kapali k
Zoo Sex Clips. 383. Rehman. 2 cats sitting in the bathroom because of heat. 20 0 10. 332. You can watch Regina Crystal - Artist And Model porn video clip on your favorites from web, iPhone, Android, iPad and other mobile devices. Pure dog blowjob. . 25:11. This is one of the more unique fuck flicks because it features a dog buried deep in the ass of a cat. Slut sucking dog for cum 199 199. 8k 100% 23min - 1080p. Young dark-hued damsel get boinked by hot 3d shemale. Kostenlose Videos HD und mobil. . Abbie Cat pornstar videos FREE on 4. Farm extreme porn. Sex porno kapali k
A beastly close-up humping 00:03:18 99681. Cat licks soaked pussy. Farm Sex Free. Animated, Cartoon, Dogs, Fucking, Girls. Goat fucking. Cruel stallion fuck. Go Gay Tube; Go! Watch Dogs Mating with Cats - Dog Cat Mating - KoKoYO on Dailymotion. Zoo Porn Show. 27. Categories: blowjobs, hardcore, cumshot, small tits, redheads. Duration: 15:29. Duration 34:12 zoo porn XNXX Zoo porn XNXX deliver amazing. Zoo Mobile Porn. 240,124 cat sex FREE videos found on XVIDEOS for this search. 7 months ago. Animal Pleasure. Anal play 101 - An intro for ass-fuck nosey damsels. Sex porno kapali k
65431. Sci-Fi sex machine. Girl takes horse cock down her pussy and ass in complete zoophilia xxx hot girl enjoys animal sex with her dog and gets screwed rough in a hot homemade video sexy teen girl forced to fuck two dogs “good girl! Fuck Hospital Girls - Sweet Cat. Duration: 10:15. Ripped Cali Surfer Sage. 332. Zooporn Video. 4k Views. 4 months. Hilarity did NOT ensue. Because Cats. With Tenor, maker of GIF Keyboard, add popular Cat Fuck This Thing In Particular animated GIFs to your conversations. Teen ass fucked by a dog. People having sex with sheep. YOUTUBE FUNK | Because Cats. Watch free dog fucks cat videos at Heavy-R, a completely free porn tube offering the world's most hardcore porn videos. Stunning brunettes share a fuck rod after a cat fight on the couch 1 week ago 05:38 AnyPorn ffm reality catfight amateur blowjob; Girl Fight 2 years ago 04:19 xHamster catfight; Supergirl vs Evil Supergirl 2 years ago 18:40 xHamster catfight vibrator bondage; Catfight ends well 1 year ago 26:52 XXXDan catfight; Catfight Leather strangle. Sex porno kapali k
Zoo XXX Sex Porn Movies. Discover and Share the best GIFs on Tenor. Homemade, mom. Bestiality Couples. 249,028 anime cat fuck FREE videos found on XVIDEOS for this search. Darsteller BJ Cat. Girlie gets fuck by a cartoon dog. Good Gay; 03. Double dildo, oil and feet. Cute, webcam, boobs. 140 This is a text based game where you have to explore different galaxies, customize your character, meet other strange creatures and many more. Stygian dog fucking babe 466 466. But most of your girls will be hot babes of your race. 03. Bidia71. What the fuck. Goat has full pussy of human dick. Farm Zoophilia. Sex porno kapali k
Last month · 3700 views. 05:43 HD. 4 years ago Got Porn. Hairy Mom. Goat zoo porn download. 0:22. 6:18. 1080p 23 min Fuck In Hd - 215. ! 3d Anal Ass Brutal Shemale. See: previous relationship. Guys young fuck in his room while has the camera recording. 8 months ago XoZilla. 650 650. Goat fucking a girl. Description: World biggest database of FREE PORN movies. 29:21. Sex porno kapali k
Relentless beast drilling 00:02. Only Animal Porn. ACCOUNT Join for FREE Log in Straight. 67%. 1 year ago. Goat fucked by. Brutal interracial deepthroat and hard fuck with blonde MILF cougar. 8 months ago. 720p. She is needy and passive at the same time. Blending of cultures can bring out the best or the worst. Zoo porn hub. Mothet. Duration 04:12 Dog perverse Horny. Approach the cat or kitten with care. X Gay Tube; 05. Pembayaran mudah, pengiriman cepat & bisa cicil 0%. R TheRedBoyTv. Gay Games Live Sex HD Porn. Sex porno kapali k
Animal Sex Party. 456. Handjob and Cumshot Compilation. I didnt put my dick anywhere near my cat. When. Sexy girl swell up. Animal Porn XXX Sex Videos. Home Kitties and Puppies. 30 days ago xHamster. You will find all your kinky fantasies! Mature And Boy Home. Animal Cummers. Share the best GIFs now >>>. Animal Sex Me. See Ruda Cat's porn videos and official profile, only on Pornhub. Cow fuck farm sex. Goat pussy creampie. Sex porno kapali k
Bitch From Morroco Outdoor Fuck For Money Free Porn D5. 389. 2 monate vorher. Don’t F**k With Cats: Die Jagd nach einem Internet-Killer ist eine Dokumentarserie von Netflix. Game - Cat Woman Fuck. Crack cocaine has never been an issue between us. 387. She doesn't have a dick. 634. 3 years ago%. Trials in Tainted Space v 0. Homemade Fuck 75. Teen fucked huge dog 434 434. Gold Gay; 06. Shy hottie in ebony wants to fuck a dog. 7:04. Wife, boobs, redhead. ZooPornMD. Sex porno kapali k
All visual content. Horny dog licks a thick pecker 00:03:15 99441. Turns out, he didn’t. Fuck My Fitness Trainer Mommy Porn Videos. Its. 03:views 77 %. First Time Anal In The Kitchen. A. Because cats can. Man gets anal fuck from dog 00:02:21 90456. 2 months ago · 4000 views. % Recommended RPG Maker. 379 379. Extreme porn videos for Cat fucks woman. Sex porno kapali k
-> Türk sikiş sıwınger porno
-> Türk lerzbiyen porno filmlerrJapan to provide Rs 324.8 million grant for food assistance programme
KATHMANDU: The Government of Japan has agreed to extend Rs 324.8 million in grant to Nepal for the implementation of Food Assistance Programme.
Secretary at the Ministry of Finance Shankar Prasad Adhikari and the Ambassador of Japan to Nepal Masashi Ogawa signed the exchange of notes today at a programme in the Ministry of Finance on behalf of the respective governments.
The fund is aimed at supporting the food security programme in Nepal and shall be used for the purchase of food products and services necessary for the implementation of the programme.
The government of Japan is providing the grant for the purpose of ensuring food security in remote areas of Nepal, where scarcity of food is common, and which especially occurs during the times of natural disasters like earthquake and flood, among others.
Last year’s flood had negatively affected the agriculture sector of the country. The grant is intended to prevent such scarcity of food items brought about by natural causes that cannot be controlled.
According to a press note issued by the Ministry of Finance, the grant shall also be used for purchase of rice and its transportation.
It is said that the Ministry of Supplies will be the executing agency while the Nepal Food Corporation (NFC) will be responsible for the implementation of the project.
(with inputs from Rastriya Samachar Samiti)Wausau Pilot & Overview
Editor’s notice: Enterprise of the Week is a sponsored characteristic that shares the tales of locally-owned and operated companies within the Wausau space, highlighting the services they provide and the methods they contribute to the metro space’s distinctive taste. Discover ways to characteristic your corporation by emailing christina@wausaupilotandreview.com.
This week’s featured enterprise is Wausau Occasions, a corporation that strives to create group by occasions by offering over 40 days of top quality, inexpensive occasions all year long. They create and handle a sequence of occasions that carry leisure, cultural, instructional, and financial impacts to residents, guests, and the enterprise group. As a non-profit, Wausau Occasions builds and sustains relationships with native companies, organizations, and volunteers to make sure each occasion is enjoyable, builds group and reaches a big numerous viewers.
Wausau Occasions, previously often called “Wausau Space Occasions,” was beforehand part of the Wausau Chamber of Commerce, planning occasions and fundraising efforts for his or her group. Throughout that point, Wausau Space Occasions helped within the fundraising efforts to carry many massive occasions to the native space together with the Gus Macker Event and the Badger State Video games.
In 1989, the non-profit “Wausau Space Occasions” was established by a small committee of group members, in partnership with the Metropolis of Wausau, after separation from the Wausau Chamber of Commerce. This allowed each Wausau Space Occasions and the Wausau Chamber of Commerce to concentrate on their core missions. On July 1, 1991, Wausau Space Occasions opened their doorways at 426 N 3rd St. in Wausau, subsequent to the Mint Café.
Throughout that point, the workload grew to become an excessive amount of for one group. Subsequently, Wausau Space Occasions assisted with the creation of the Central Wisconsin Conference and Guests Bureau and the Wausau River District based mostly on the group want for these organizations. Within the early years, the Board of Administrators was shared for each Wausau Space Occasions and the Wausau River District. A number of years later, Wausau Space Occasions went by a reputation change to turn out to be “Wausau Occasions” as all of the group’s occasions happen within the Metropolis of Wausau. The group additionally moved with their sister group, the Wausau River District, to their present area at 316 Scott Road.
The Board of Administrators could be very concerned with every occasion hosted by Wausau Occasions, and so they volunteer many hours to the success of the group.
“We create occasions to make Wausau a higher place to stay,” stated board member Steve Busha.
Wausau Occasions
The present Board of Administrators for Wausau Occasions consists of Amanda Ley (President), Pete Valiska (Vice President), MaryAnne Groat (Treasurer), Sara Valiska (Secretary), Elizabeth Knight, Terry Geurink, Terry Sturm, Joani Lashua, Steve Busha, Lindsey Lewitzke, Joe Mella, Ann Werth and John King. The present Government Director for Wausau Occasions is Alissandra Aderholdt.
Wausau Occasions is happy with growing many “conventional” occasions for the group all through the years, together with the Concert events on the Sq. Collection, Chalkfest, Large Bull Falls Blues Fest, Harvest Fest and the annual Vacation Parade. These occasions wouldn’t be potential with out the sponsors, volunteers and group members that help this group.
Wausau Occasions is proud to serve the Metropolis of Wausau and appears ahead to offering high-quality occasions for the group all through the rest of 2021 and for years to come back.
Join with Wausau Occasions
Wausau Occasions, 316 Scott St., Wausau
Cellphone Quantity: 715-297-9531
Web site:
Fb:
Discussion about this postPacked Schedule for First European Safer Gambling Week
The European Gaming and Betting Association (EGBA) has announced that the first European Safer Gambling Week (ESGW) will be taking place from 1 to 7 November 2021. The inaugural edition of the week has been given the theme “Fostering a Stronger Culture of Safer Gambling in Europe”.
The organizers of ESGW are hoping to improve awareness of safer gambling amongst players, gambling operators, regulatory authorities, and the wider public. They will be providing platforms for knowledge and information sharing so that people can be educated about the existing regulations dealing with safer gambling and the tools that exist to aid with it, as well as exchange tips and research about safe gambling.
The ESGW has been timed to coincide with a number of local safer gambling weeks, particularly in Ireland and the UK, and it will include a number of webinars being hosted in various European countries. The webinars are free to attend, and anyone interested may sign up.
For instance, on Monday 1 November, there will be a talk on Gambling in Sweden during COVID-19. Other webinar topics will include:
- Consumer protection and online gambling: an overview of the regulation of EU countries – a follow-up study
- Responsible gambling tools and their impact on consumer behavior
- Building a safer gambling industry
- Artificial Intelligence and online gambling: What are the opportunities and challenges for safer gambling?
There are several associations supporting the ESGW from a variety of countries. They include:
- AOJND – Asociația Organizatorilor de Jocuri de Noroc la Distanță (Romania)
- APAJO – Associação Portuguesa de Apostas e Jogos Online (Portugal)
- BAGO – Belgian Association of Gaming Operators (Belgium)
- BGC – Betting and Gaming Council (UK)
- Branschföreningen för Onlinespel (Sweden)
- EGBA – European Gaming and Betting Association (EU)
- iGEN – iGaming European Network (Malta)
- IBA – Irish Bookmakers Association (Ireland)
- JDigital – Asociación Española de Juego Digital (Spain)
- LIAB – Latvijas interaktīvo azartspēļu biedrības (Latvia)
- NOGA – Netherlands Online Gambling Association (Netherlands) it’s Hibernation as well as why it may have been out at night..
Coombemill recently posted..Country Kids from Coombe Mill
your hand hedgehogs are so clever! thanks so much for sharing such a great craft idea! i must try and remember this!! x
jenny paulin recently posted..Westward Ho! Fun
You don’t mess about now do you – thanks for adding it Cerys!
Kierna Corr (@CiarnaC) recently posted..Outdoor Play Party – a week of fun
Lol just call me quick fingered Cerys
I’ve posted our hedgehog post this week too (shall be linking it up with you Tuesday) and we did a hand one like this last year.
Yours is very cute. Love all the other detail with your post too.
Visiting from Countrykids
pinkoddy recently posted..Holland – The Beach
Ohh I can’t wait to see it.) recently posted..Our first Christmas craft project …
Ohh we haven’t got Fuzzypeg – will have to see whether the library has a copy as it’s sparked an interested in Hedgehogs here now
It’s a bit heart rending at one point – Fuzzypeg ends up in the river and looks like he’s a gonna!
Mums make lists (@mumsmakelists) recently posted..Planting Christmas bulbs …
This is wonderful. In December, we will be doing a unit comparing animals of North America and Europe. I am looking forward to incorporating some of your ideas.
Shaunna @ Fantastic Fun and Learning recently posted..Weekly Wrap-Up
That sounds like a wonderful Unit. I love seeing the difference between our animals and yours so much more variety in North American
Thanks for linking to our hedgehog, and I love your handprint hedgehog. xx
Emma @MummyMummyMum recently posted..Instagram challenge day 4
How wonderful to spot a hedgehog on the walk to preschool!
Was very surprised to see it but well worth being late that day
Oh so lucky to see a hedgehog! What a lovely experience. Molly made a clay hedgehog this week – her idea. She would love to see one for real.
Rebecca recently posted..Here Come the Tantrums
Ps thanks for linking to the Sunday showcase, and all that!
Rebecca recently posted..Here Come the Tantrums
Cerys! These are so cute. We are getting ready to do a hibernation study with our playschool children. Thanks for linking these up to Eco-Kids Tuesday!!
Hannah recently posted..{this moment}
This is such a cute idea! I’m planning to do this as part of our hibernation unit….I found it on Pinterest. Thanks!
Andrea @ No Doubt Learning recently posted..Winter Hideaway Wednesday: The Science of Hibernation!
Becki recently posted..Tree of Gratitude
I was planning to own a hedghog and it’s really an interesting resource to get more info from…Thanks a bunch…
What a creative approach! Always fun to combine books and crafts! Pinned.
Suzanne Holt recently posted..Norwex Gives Back by Planting Trees
We’ve recently seen 3 – got to buy some hedgehog food as I think we have a few in the garden and next Spring they will need it when they have babies sweet Italian sausage. I began by pan frying the sausage with some diced green peppers and seasoned it with kosher salt, ground black pepper, onion powder, and Italian seasoning. I rummaged through the pantry and found a can of diced tomatoes and threw that in. I should have stopped there. But I saw the can of whole leaf spinach because I immediately thought it needed more green.
As soon as I opened it and put it in the pan, I knew it was a bad idea. But for better or worse, it was in there. I let it all cook together, throwing in a pat of butter to finish the “sauce”. Then when the pasta was done, I poured the sausage, tomato, and spinach mixture on the cooked pasta. And, per my usual, sprinkled some red pepper flake to give it a kick. How did it taste? It wasn’t completely inedible, but fresh spinach would have brightened the dish and provide a better texture and flavor.
Try this recipe, but whatever you do: use FRESH SPINACH! 🙂
The Doyenne of Delicious in Philadelphia and South Jersey. Philadelphia Food Marketing & PR.A new kind of dinosaur has been identified that is part parrot, part vampire bat and part porcupine.
Scientists say the scary looking beast is called Pegomastax africanus, which means "thick jaw from Africa".
The dinosaur had a parrot-like beak, porcupine-like spikes and sharp fangs, which is unusual because they also think it was a vegetarian!
Experts from the University of Chicago sayPegomastax africanus was identified from fossils found in South Africa
It was about the size of a pet cat and lived 100-200 million years ago.
Professor Paul Sereno, from the University of Chicago, actually first discovered the creature way back in 1983.
But he got distracted by other work and didn't get round to writing about it until now!User Tag List
Results 1 to 2 of 2
Thread: to people in calgary
- Join Date
- Apr 2002
- Location
- Calgary AB,Canada
- 258
- Mentioned
- 0 Post(s)
- Tagged
- 0 Thread(s)
to people in calgary
Hey anyone in calgary want to sell anything or if you know a friend selling some thing.
- yahooGuest
Re: to people in calgary
Hi Howard
Are you looking for Karakal rackets?howard wrote:
>
> Hey anyone in calgary want to sell anything or if you
> know a friend selling some thing.
Similar Threads
Hello Everyone From CalgaryBy hk-man in forum IntroductionReplies: 5: 06-22-2010, 11:10 AM
HI, im from CALGARYBy kiss_me in forum IntroductionReplies: 0: 03-22-2004, 12:09 AM
MP-33 in Calgary?By Midget_Boy in forum Badminton Rackets / EquipmentReplies: 0: 03-12-2004, 11:36 PM
Is the AT-700 out in Calgary yet?By MusclePower100 in forum Badminton Rackets / EquipmentReplies: 0: 07-10-2003, 02:03 PM
Where to buy in calgaryBy bob87 in forum Market PlaceReplies: 1: 03-08-2003, 10:48 PM
Bookmarks10-17-2006
The Alexander Graham Bell Association for the Deaf and Hard of Hearing (AG Bell), Washington, DC, is hosting a free e-seminar October 19 on the Next Generation of Nucleus® Freedom™ from Cochlear Americas. The 60-minute sessions are scheduled for noon Eastern time and 3 pm Eastern time. You do not have to be an AG Bell member to participate.
The Next Generation includes all of the innovative technologies of the award winning Nucleus Freedom System, such as SmartSound™ technology and water-resistance in addition to the new Min™ BTE controller, rechargeable batteries, and an array of color customization options.
The session will also highlight the new benchmark in hearing performance delivered by the Nucleus Freedom system. The session, presented by Angela Wieker, MBA, marketing manager for Cochlear, will also discuss Freedom for Nuclues 24, the fourth upgrade for current and new users of Nucleus technology.
[SOURCE: AG Bell, October 2006]Richard Cockerill hopes to extend Edinburgh stay beyond 2021
Head coach Richard Cockerill hopes to extend his Edinburgh contract beyond next year.
The former Leicester head coach arrived in the Scottish capital on a two-year deal in 2017 and signed a two-year extension before his first season was finished.
The former England international has made a major impact, leading Edinburgh to three European quarter-finals with this season’s campaign unfinished, and guiding them to top spot in Guinness PRO14 Conference B before the coronavirus pandemic forced a suspension of play.
In an interview about his future plans on the PRO14 official website, the 49-year-old said: “I’m just trying to get everything right for the near future. I’ve never been a coach – or a person – who thought ‘where will I be in three years?’
🗣 Richard Cockerill: "I’m not going to apologise for being ambitious”
Exclusive interview ➡️ (by @BigRedCloud) pic.twitter.com/RUQgiMkTmx
— PRO14 RUGBY (at 🏡) (@PRO14Official) May 12, 2020
“I was an amateur and had a job before I was a professional and I’m a big believer in working hard now and get what’s happening in front of you right and things will appear at the right time.
“I left Leicester and then had an opportunity at Toulon. I’d have never thought in a world that I’d have been head coach of Toulon and to take them to a French final, where’s that come from? Things happen.
“I’m happy here because we’re moving in the right direction.
“Is it the biggest club in Europe? Well, it’s not, but I’ve said that since the day I got here.
“I’ve made no pretence about that whether I’m talking to my own players or trying to recruit players – it’s been a great project for me, I feel like I’m only halfway through it.
“I’m contracted to 2021 and I’d like to see myself here for a couple years after that, that’ll be six years and then we’ll see. I’ve not craved or looked to go somewhere else.”Just FYI that video is from Mar 22 2018. More likely why he keep saying Alpha.Just FYI that video is from Mar 22 2018. More likely why he keep saying Alpha.The man himself does a stream on continuum!!!!
That is a link to Slowpoke101 and his first look at the new expert modpack. Its a really exciting moment.
It is from the 28th of last month. and he still calls it alpha that at least answered my question if its out of alpha or not.Mar 24, 2021
Cone Crushers For Sale Search Reset. Year. Price. Hours. 1-2 of 2 results. Sort by. 1984 ElJay 1274 Cone Crusher. $149,900 USD -42" Cone 250 HP Motor W/10 HP Elec, -Motor & 5 HP elec, -Motor Will crush 6" 8" Rock. Location: Austin, Texas, US : Stock Number: ZID-131113: MLS Number
Mar 12, 2021· Browse our inventory of new and used SYMONS Crusher Aggregate Equipment For Sale near you at MachineryTrader. Models include 3 FT STD, 4.25 FT, 5.5 STD, 2 FT, 3 FT, 4.25 FT SH, 4.25 SH, 5.5, 7 FT, and 36FC. Page 1 of 1.
Apr 15, 2021· Browse our inventory of new and used KPI-JCI Crusher Aggregate Equipment For Sale near you at MachineryTrader. Models include FT2650, FT4250, KODIAK, GT125, GT440CC, FT300DF, FT4240, FT200, FT200DF, and GT200. Page 1 of
Symons 4.25ft 4 1/4 ft Cone Crusher Latest assessment: 2020.11, Average grade; 1=lowest, 5=highest: 5, Amount of previous owners: 0, Full service history: Yes, Gross Weight: 23000, Crusher operation: Here we present a complete list of used Symons crushers for sale. If you want to add classifieds to favorites or compare the products of your.
This cone will take up to a max 250mm feed size of material at max settings. peter&x
4 1/4 Symons Cone Crusher for Sale. Rock Crushers ID# CR040. OVERVIEW.
Cone Crushers For Sale Search Reset. Year. Price. Hours. 1-2 of 2 results. Sort by. 1984 ElJay 1274 Cone Crusher. $149,900 USD -42" Cone 250 HP Motor W/10 HP Elec, -Motor & 5 HP elec, -Motor
Hard Stone Cone Crusher Price 4 1/4 ft Symons Cone Crusher Machine for sale. Up to 5 years warranty. US $40000 / Set. 1 Set (Min. Order) 9 YRS Zhengzhou Huanqiu Heavy Industries Ltd. 94.4%. Contact Supplier. Stpys Simon 4 1/4ft 3ft 2ft Compound Symons Cone Crusher For Sale
Crushers For Sale: 141 Crushers Find Crushers on Equipment Trader. Crushers For Sale: 141 Crushers Find Crushers on Equipment Trader. Fort Wayne, IN 421 mi. away. Email Call 1-888-238-4691. Video chat with this dealer . The three main types of crushers are the cone crusher, the jaw crusher, and the impact crusher
Nordberg Symons 4 1/4FT Cone crusher for Sale, Static Cone Crusher. This cone is standard with standard coarse wear parts fitted which are 50% good. Complete Symons cone crusher with
Crushers For Sale in Fort Wayne, IN: 23
Sep 25 2014 ·
Ft Cone Crusher Cs For Sale Used. 2004 symons 4.25 ft cone crusher for sale trona, ca. 2004 symons 4.25 ft cone crusher for sale in california for 93,500.00 usd. view photos, details, and other cone crushers for sale on mylittlesalesman. stock zid-128819, mls 9895504. new amp used cone crushers for sale amp rental rock amp dirt. cone crusher
3 ft symons cone crusher, 3 ft symons cone crusher Price List Simon Hard Stone Compound Psg 900 pyb 600 2 ft 3 ft 4ft 7ft 4.25 2ft Symons Combined Cone Crusher For Sale US $35000-$260000
the latest technology mine spring cone crusher pgrind in ethiopia Browse our inventory of new and used symons crusher aggregate equipment for sale near you at models include 3 ft std 425 425 std 55 std 3 ft sh 4 4 ft std 425 ft
Quick response, N-CAI Heavy Industry welcomes all sectors of society to contact us, we are waiting for your inquiry within 365x24 hours!.
Trinity Industries's last quarterly dividend was on Oct 14, 2021 (ex-date) with a distribution of $0.21 per share. On an annualized basis, the company has a current payout of $0.84 per share. This brings the dividend yield to 3.01% based on its recent close price.
TRN next dividend date: Not announced
TRN has a dividend yield of 3.01% which is above the Industrials sector and the industry average.
Trinity Industries has been paying dividends since 1995. TRN has issued four quarterly dividends in the last twelve months. The annualized DPS marks an increase of 11% since one year ago. But with the stock price up by 17% from a year ago, the dividend yield marks a decrease of 6%.c4 - in conclusion (ZIP) 32kbps - June Lobit / Techno Tracklist 01 - in conclusion Total: () c4 Sirona-Records. On this album c4 brings the mind into a superb trip-state with the finest bubbling low bit techno acid sounds that feels as old school as it. The Linguistics of Newswriting Daniel Perrin [AILA Applied Linguistics Series 11] ▻ pp. – C4. Summary and conclusion. Discogs에서 File의 In conclusion supplied by author. Finished! Click the Finish button to check out many other playlists available. Finish. Conclusion. The Future of Cheating. From the book Cheating Lessons · Cite this. ×. chapter: Conclusion. Cite this. ConCLUsionThe Future of CheatingYou will have noticed that although we have reached the. Company: CONCLUSION C4 INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Type: Private Unlimited Company Nature of business: UNSPECIFIED Business address: ZONEB, BLK.6, SHOP : Conclusion [Explicit]: TYB C4: Digital Music. Deficiency of complement component C4 is considered playing a role in the genetic In conclusion, C4 deficiencies observed in 26 of the 40 SLE patients.
Download C4 In Conclusion mp3 flac full album vinyl rip
22.10.202122.10.2021 | | 2 Comments
2 thoughts on “Download C4 In Conclusion mp3 flac full album vinyl rip”You know you’re a LEGO fanatic when you have to build a sweeper out of LEGO just to clean all of the other LEGO pieces off your floor. The LEGO Rumba is just such a device. It’s part street sweeper, part dump truck, all awesome.
The Brick Wall’s sweeper is made of LEGO Technic pieces and it’s designed to clean up their room so they don’t step on any of those pointy bricks. It has an arm with a claw that can be remotely operated to pick up larger pieces, and a collection bin that gets emptied dump truck style when it’s full.
It seems to work pretty well, and that arm can pick up some very large pieces. If anyone out there is thinking about building a large LEGO city, you’re gonna want this thing to roam the streets, cleaning them up and picking up plastic trash from the curb. So I guess you’ll need a LEGO landfill too.
LEGO really needs to sell this to keep all of our feet safe. There’s nothing worse than stepping on LEGO pieces. Owie! This should be a mandatory accessory whenever a kid gets a LEGO set.
[via Laughing Squid via Geekologie]- 2
- people in the U.S. have this name View Wilmon Conerly on Whitepages
Meaning & Origins
The meaning of this name is unavailable
Americanized form of Irish Connelly.
Nicknames & variations
Wilman, Wilmont, Wilmina, Wilmena, Wilmen, Wilmine, Wilmane, Wilmene, Wilmin, Wilmenia
Cone, Coney, Conely, Conejo, Cones, Conery, Conetta, Camerlo, Coner, ConellSerendib Flour Mills (SFML) recently extended its support to Sri Lanka’s premier food, agriculture and packaging exhibition, Pro-Food Pro-Pack, as the Silver sponsor of the event for the fourth consecutive year.
Conducted for the 16th successive year, from the 4th to the 6th of August, this year’s exhibition featured over 350 stalls and garnered overseas participation from countries across the region, including China, India and Dubai.
Endorsed and supported by the Ministry of Industry & Commerce, the Ministry of Agriculture, the National Agribusiness Council, the Processed Foods Development Initiative and the Institute of Food Science and Technology Sri Lanka, the Pro-Food Pro-Pack Exhibition is the most comprehensive and acclaimed food, beverage and packaging exhibition that is hosted in Sri Lanka.
The Serendib Flour Mills team utilized the three-day event to showcase the health benefits of 7 Star wheat flour, and also highlighted the brand’s B2B and B2C product information and details. The creatively designed stall attracted a steady flow of visitors and featured popular recipes, videos and demonstrations of a variety of wholesome and nutritious treats such as butter cookies and wholemeal cookies, prepared using 7 Star flour.
Customers visiting the exhibition, were able to enjoy discounts on the entire 7 Star range of retail products. Additionally, for the first time ever, a photo booth was set up, enabling fans to take free photos throughout the event. In an effort to connect and engage with their digital audience, SFML also conducted a live stream of the event on its social media channels.
Commenting on SFML’s sponsorshipof the Pro-Food Pro-Pack Exhibition, Kalinga Wijesekera – Head of Marketing and Communications, Serendib Flour Mills, said:“We were delighted to once again support the Pro-Food Pro-Pack Exhibition as a Silver sponsor of the event, which is the island’s largest and most recognized food, beverage and packaging exhibition. We have been a part of the exhibition for the last four years, and it continuously serves as an excellent platform for us to showcase our 7 Star product portfolio, and it also enables us to engage and interact with our valuable customers and clients, whilst building relationships with new clients as well. We look forward to supporting this all-important industrial initiative in the coming years as well.”
Serendib Flour Mills is among the leading flour mills in Sri Lanka and is a joint venture between Al Ghurair Foods (AGF) and Emirates Trading Agency (ETA). The company’s 7 Starbrand.
SFML launched operations with a state-of-the-art single-line capacity wheat flour mill in the Port of Colombo on 26 May 2008. Serendib Flour Mills has developed and implemented an integrated management system (IMS) based on ISO 9001:2008, ISO 14001:2004, BS OHSAS 18001:2007 and ISO 22000:2005 requirements. 7 Star Wheat flour is also the first Wheat flour brand to receive the prestigious SLS certification.
The system complies with applicable laws and regulations, international standards and codes, and best manufacturing practices in the areas of quality, environment, occupational health and safety and foodWho should a Leo marry?
Who.
Can Leo have love marriage?.
Who Should Leo woman marry?
The sense of understanding, mutual help, and better interaction after marriage are above the line for these two signs. Hence, Gemini is considered the best compatible pair for Leo women significantly. The love part between or the love relationship between Leo and Gemini pair is sure shot without any discomfort.
Will single Leo get married in 2021?
Leo natives will be at their best when it comes to romance and passion in 2021. It will be a good year for the single Leos as well because they will find their partners.
Why are Leo so dangerous?
Leos suffer from mental health issues; their high temper is one of the main causes of their crimes. They love attention, so they can even commit crimes to get famous. They don't bother with petty crimes, it's either a front-page cold-blooded murder or nothing at all.
Are Leo's loners?
Most #Leos are loners. They choose solitude because they know that not many people can match their emotional intensity. This behavior can be misunderstood by many as being standoffish or antisocial.
Why do Leos cry so much?
Leo: They Cry With Ashamed Tears, They Wonder If They Aren't Good Enough. ... They Cry Because They Want To Be The Best They Can. They See Their Flaws And Know They Wont Be As Perfect As They Dreamed. They Aren't Happy With Who They Are Or Are Scared Of What They Have Become.
Do Leos like being chased?
A Leo man loves a good chase—which is partly why it can be tough to keep the magic once the chase is over.
Why do Leos ignore you?
Leos are prideful and do not take well to criticism or anything they feel is an affront to their egos. On top of that, Leos are super sensitive. So if you hurt his feelings, he may be pretty upset. Unfortunately, instead of talking to you about it, he ignores you.
How do you know a Leo is over you?
Here's a summary of how to know when a Leo man is over you: His usually friendly demeanor has frozen over. You aren't doing couple things anymore. It doesn't phase him when you text other men.
How do Leos act when they are hurt? are the 3 types of Leos?
3 Types Of Leos You Might Run Into
- 1 of 3. The Picky Protector. The Picky Protector. Similar to Aries' tendency to play the hero, this type of Leo nobly stands up for what they believe is right. ...
- 2 of 3. The True Royal. The True Royal. ...
- 3 of 3. The Performer. The Performer.
Is Leo positive or negative?
Positive traits: Magnanimous, elegance and dedication; Negative traits: Boastfulness, impatience and aggressiveness; Symbolism: The Leo is a symbol of power and noblesse.
How do Leos act.
Who are Leo females attracted to?
She is born to be a leader. Easygoing nature – she is attracted to men who are easy to talk to, quick to act on any opportunity and open to have fun. Not for her a person who takes life too seriously or does not know how to stop and smell the roses. Humor – the Leo woman laughs easily and loves to be made to laugh..
Read also
- What dating site is for older people?
- Where should I go on vacation to the beach?
- What is the best topic for couples?
- Does Retinol cause dry skin?
- Does the Catholic Church forgive adultery?
- How do you ask for money instead of gifts for your birthday?
- How much is a 1 carat VS1 diamond?
- What should I engrave for my girlfriend?
- Does minted ever have sales?
- Who is Billy Joels wife?
You will be interested
- What is an agreement of separation?
- What is the best fresh food delivery service?
- What does DTS MWAN?
- What is the most luxurious resort in Florida?
- Where should I go on vacation with my boyfriend?
- Who did Andi Dorfman marry?
- How do you define boundaries in a relationship?
- Does California recognize civil unions?
- What jewelry does Kate Middleton wear?
- Where is the best place to buy baskets?Tsubasa: RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE is a 28 volume manga written by CLAMP. The series was originally published in North America by Del Rey Manga, and is now being reissued by Kodansha USA.
Tsubasa: RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE
Written by: CLAMP
Publisher: Kodansha
English Publisher: Del Rey Manga (original release), Kodansha USA (reissues)
Release Dates: April 27, 2004-November 23, 2010
The main characters of Tsubasa: RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE are Sakura and Syaoran, but it is implied from the beginning of the series that they aren’t the same characters from the Cardcaptor Sakura series. In this series, it’s established that Sakura is the princess of the kingdom of Clow, and Syaoran is the son of an archae on a mission to explore various dimensions to look for the feathers that contain Sakura’s memories. She. When all is said and done, the series focuses very heavily on the fragility of human relationships.
But, it turns out that the story isn’t as straightforward as it appears on the surface. It starts making strange twists and turns when it’s revealed that the Syaoran that has been traveling with the group isn’t who everybody thinks he is. The plot ultimately evolves into a story with elements containing parallel dimensions, and a series of events that’s fated to repeat itself over and over. And it turns out that Watanuki, a main character from xxxHoLic, plays an important role in this story. Which, I guess, isn’t surprising, since the events of xxxHoLic are supposed to be taking place at the same time as Tsubasa: RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE.
I have to admit that I was ultimately a little disappointed in how Tsubasa: RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE ends. While there is an ending of sorts, it’s still left rather open-ended. As someone who followed this story over the course of 28 volumes, I didn’t get the payoff I was hoping for at the end of the series. Well, at least I still have xxxHoLic to read, and hopefully that series will help to fill in some of the blanks that are present in Tsubasa: RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE.
The series contains several character crossovers from other CLAMP series. In most cases, they may have the same name and look like a character from another series, their personality or circumstances may be very different. These crossover characters include, but are not limited to: Sakura, Syaoran, Toya, Yukito, and Tomoyo from Cardcaptor Sakura; Fai D. Florite from RG Veda; Chi from Chobits; Yuko and Watanuki from xxxHoLic; Sorata and Arashi from X; and Mokona from Magic Knight Rayearth.
Since I’ve read at least one volume of several of the manga series represented in the crossovers, I had a hard time reconciling the fact that they were all appearing in this manga right at first. The easiest to accept were Yuko and Watanuki, since part of this volume also appears in the first volume of xxxHoLic, which I had read before starting this series. Until I became more familiar with this story, I had a hard time accepting that the characters from Cardcaptor Sakura were not the characters that I was already familiar with from the story. Thankfully, the story in Tsubasa: RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE was so compelling early on, that I was able to get past the issue I was having with the crossover characters and accept the fact that they were there. with the characters from Tsubasa: RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE.
I’m ultimately glad that I read and completed this series, even if the idea of plot twist after plot twist after plot twist later on in the series kind of frustrated me a little bit. I ultimately enjoyed the early part of the series, when the focus was on finding Sakura’s feathers and journeying to different places in order to find them. When the plot twists first started coming, they seemed to be connected with some character development. But right near the end, the plot twists seemed to come at the price of trying to rush through the rest of the story.
For me, Tsubasa: RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE was a manga series that started out with a lot of promise, but didn’t seem to entirely deliver on that promise by its conclusion. Like I said earlier, I need to read through all of the xxxHoLic manga series; perhaps reading that series in its entirety might helper improve my appreciation for Tsubasa: RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE.
Additional Manga Spotlights:Youth Theatre Northwest
4400 86th Ave SE, Mercer Island
High up in the sky, on the floating city of Firmament, when children reach their 13th birthday, they have the option to take "The Bound" and leap down to the surface below. But beware, for taking the bound is a one-way trip. As her 13th birthday approaches, Nellie wants to follow in her sister Arden's footsteps and take The Bound. But what lies below? Will she see her sister again? Is Chancellor Rayne hiding something? And what is really going on with the Chromatons, the robots who serve the city? Can a group of teenagers uncover the truth?.Published on April 10th, 2013 | by Len Lazarick4
New public-private partnership bill for infrastructure projects signed into law
By Becca Heller
Becca@MarylandReporter.com
A House bill refining guidelines for public-private partnerships (P3s) was signed into law by Gov. Martin O’Malley Tuesday after finally passing the House and Senate in the closing days of the session.
The idea is to leverage private financing and construction contracting to build infrastructure projects the state wants more efficiently without adding to bond debt.
The law, HB560, tweaks the current public-private partnership process. It gives the Board of Public Works a more prominent role and seeks to encourage innovation by providing room for businesses to pitch ideas for projects without following the usual procurement procedure.
Bill drew criticism
HB 560 drew criticism from legislators who feared that the new bill stripped protections from the process that would allow more room for favoritism in government procurements.
“In the past we’ve made great strides…to develop fairness and integrity in the procurement process,” said Del. Luiz Simmons, D-Montgomery, during a debate on the House floor. “What’s wrong with the P3 bill is that it eliminates all of these protections.”
Lt. Gov. Anthony Brown, who led the O’Malley administration’s effort to pass the bill, dismissed these criticisms. He told reporters Monday that the new process is focused on expanding accountability and improving the relationships between the private sector and the Board of Public Works, the three-member board that includes the governor, the comptroller and the treasurer.
“If you can have a process that is transparent and accountable, then you’re going to reduce litigation,” Brown said. He was referring to a lawsuit that derailed a major project in Baltimore called State Center that had private developers replacing aging state office buildings in exchange for mixed-use buildings on state-owned land.
Brown explained that the new bill will bring the Board of Public Works to the forefront, allowing more communication and a clear delineation of what projects are best for the public.
“We now have the Board of Public Works right there up front taking a part in the decisions as to who will be designated as a P3,” said Brown, who occasionally chairs the board when O’Malley can’t. “We think that that’s going to instill a lot more confidence — both in terms of the legislature and the private sector.”
The Greater Baltimore Committee made the bill a top priority. In its legislative wrap-up, the GBC said “the law is expected to be a key option for the state to leverage private-sector funding for transportation assets and other infrastructure projects.”
“Under P3 agreements,” GBC explained, “a private entity performs functions normally undertaken by the government, but the state agency remains ultimately accountable for the public infrastructure asset and its public function.”
- Dale McNamee
- ConcernedMarylander
- Soon to be ex resident
- cwals99The Private Life of the Diary
By Sally Bayley
From Pepys to Tweets: a history of the diary as an art form
Friday, 18 March 2016
The Private Life of the Diary: Book Review in the Independent
Dear Subscribers,
Thank you for your kind support. My first review in The Independent, yesterday:
The book is in the shops April 21 but you will receive your copies at the end of March/early April.
With best wishes
Sally
Back to project synopsisUnions push to increase state minimum wage
Updated
Unions WA wants the state's minimum wage to be increased by 7 per cent but businesses say that would cripple small cafes, shops and restaurants.
Yesterday, the Commerce Minister Simon O'Brien announced he was recommending an increase in line with the Consumer Price Index to the Industrial Relations Commission, which sets the figure.
At the budget's mid-year review in December, the CPI was 3.5 per cent.
Unions WA secretary Simone McGurk says simply increasing the wage in line with the CPI will not be enough.
"Electricity's up 57 per cent, rents are up 25 per cent and education costs are up 28 per cent," she said.
"For people on the minimum wage they don't have a lot of discretionary income, these sort of basic cost of living increases hit them really hard, and that's why we'll be going after a 7 per cent increase for minimum wage earners."
Ms McGurk wants to see an increase of $42.50 a week.
The Chamber of Commerce and Industry says the push is irresponsible and would cripple small business.
The chamber's Marcia Kuhne says a flat rate increase of $11 per week is more appropriate.
"The sort of businesses that are subject to the state wage decision are small, in fact they're small shops, they're small cafes and restaurants," she said.
"The owners have their houses on the line quite often and they just can't afford more than a very moderate wage increase."
Most workers are covered by the federal minimum wage but there are a number of people who fall under the state award.
These include workers at some small businesses.
The Industrial Relations Commission must make its decision before July 1.
Topics: small-business, unions, perth-6000, karratha-6714, broome-6725, geraldton-6530, bunbury-6230, albany-6330, denmark-6333, esperance-6450, kalgoorlie-6430, katanning-6317
First postedLong-time market bull Ed Yardeni is delivering a dose of optimism into year-end.
Yardeni, who’s known for running investment strategy for Prudential and Deutsche Bank, expects the holidays to boost stocks deeper into record territory.
“This is going to be one of the best Christmas seasons ever,” the president of Yardeni Research told CNBC’s “Trading Nation” on Friday. “People are coming out of this pandemic still mentally, and they need to spend. And, I think they realize they have to spend now because if you get too close to Christmas, a lot of the merchandise may be out of stock.”
He expects a willingness to spend despite the inflation spike.
“Consumer confidence has been weak, and inflation has been eating into the wage gains,” said Yardeni. “But the reality is some of the lowest income workers in America are seeing some of the best wage increases they’ve had maybe ever.”
He speculates higher income workers with robust savings are adding to consumers’ capacity to offset inflation pressures.
Yardeni’s base case is stocks will continue to rise, and price pressures will ease once supply chain troubles get worked out
“Companies are doing a great job of hammering away and getting at costs and keeping profit margins at all-time record highs,” he said. “It’s very, very impressive.”
The Dow, S&P 500 and tech-heavy Nasdaq closed the week at record highs. The S&P 500 is at 4,697.53, up 25% so far this year. It’s also 2% away from Yardeni’s year-end target.
‘The market is moving pretty quick here’
“I have a 4,800 for the S&P 500 by the end of this year or the end of next week. I’m working on the timing. The market is moving pretty quick here, and then 5,200 by the end of next year,” said Yardeni, who’s also author of the new book “In Praise of Profits!.”
Yardeni’s latest positivity comes 17 months after his “ray of sunshine” market call on “Trading Nation.” In the midst of Covid-19 lockdowns in Spring 2020, he predicted a “pretty broad bull market” was ahead.
Now, he suggests the biggest hardships associated with the pandemic are behind the United States.
“Enough people have been vaccinated that the economy is performing just fine. It’s really not seeing that the pandemic is getting in the way of economic growth,” said Yardeni. “It’s probably another reason why we’re having yet another move to record highs in the market.”
Yardeni continues to recommend overweighting stocks. Over the next 12 months, he likes the value mid and small cap stocks offer to investors. He also lists technology, financials and energy as his top picks within the S&P 500.
“We’re looking at a continuation of the bull market,” Yardeni said.Follow @Brexit on Twitter, join our Facebook group and sign up to our Brexit Bulletin.
Theresa May has started to compromise on the ambitious vision for Brexit that has prevented her fractious government from splitting apart, with a blunt warning that “hard facts” can’t be ignored any longer.
For the first time, the British prime minister admitted there are contradictions in her negotiating aims and raised the prospect of diluting her own red lines.
“We need to resolve the tensions between some of our key objectives,” May said in the speech, which was moved from the Brexit-leaning North East of England. The U.K. and the EU “both need to face the fact that this is a negotiation and neither of us can have exactly what we want.”
But she clung to a blueprint for an unprecedented trade deal with Europe that her Cabinet has rallied behind even though European officials think it’s unrealistic. She wants to leave the EU single market and customs union but have no new tariffs, keep an open border with Ireland, and pick and choose regulations for different business sectors.
The speech came at a critical moment in the Brexit process. With just over a year to go before Britain leaves the bloc, negotiations on the future trade partnership are about to begin. The EU has been demanding clarity from the U.K. on what kind of trade terms it wants.
The pound was little changed. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, a figurehead of the Brexit campaign, tweeted his support, and Nicky Morgan, a pro-EU Conservative who has rebelled against the government to keep ties as close to Europe as possible was also satisfied.
In Europe, the reaction was more muted. While Michel Barnier, the EU’s chief Brexit negotiator, welcomed the “clarity” that May provided, other EU officials said there were still many questions that urgently need answering.
May has been trying to keep both pro and anti-Brexit wings of her own Conservative Party together. Her solution has been to ask for everything and avoid the inevitable hard choices.
May’s most senior advisers admit the real domestic troubles will start when the EU refuses and forces the U.K. to decide between the freedom to strike trade deals around the world or retain open commerce with the EU.
“The reality is that we all need to face up to some hard facts,” May said. “We are leaving the single market. Life is going to be different. In certain ways, our access to each other’s markets will be less than it is now.”
In one key area, May specifically opened the door to a serious compromise on one of her red lines: the role of the European Court of Justice. May has previously ruled out a role for the ECJ — which is loathed by euroskeptics — in making rulings that affect the U.K.
As Bloomberg reported on Feb. 24, May is blurring this key red line. “Even after we have left the jurisdiction of the ECJ, EU law and the decisions of the ECJ will continue to affect us,” she said.
May proposed the U.K. taking on “associate membership” status at some key EU industry regulators, which are overseen by the ECJ. This would affect chemicals, aviation and medicines, which are overseen at an EU level.
“We would, of course, accept that this would mean abiding by the rules of those agencies and making an appropriate financial contribution,” May said.
An official in May’s office told reporters the speech showed the prime minister is being pragmatic rather than theological. She doesn’t believe walking out of talks would help get a deal.
“We will not be buffeted by demands to talk tough or threats to walk out," May said in the speech.About
An Experienced Contractor
CT Enterprises Construction Inc provides all phases of building, remodeling and repair services for homes and businesses. Our focus is on new builds, general home renovation, aging-home repair, and improving your home's value and quality of life.
CT Enterprises Construction Inc is a family-owned business that is honored to provide service to our community. Our contractor has 21 years of experience in helping Western North Carolina with all its remodeling needs. We will identify your visions, desires, and budget to ensure your project is completed right the first time.
CT Enterprises Construction Inc specializes in understanding your goals while working with skilled, licensed service providers recognized for building excellence. Our team is committed to superior quality and results which you will not be disappointed.
We offer complimentary estimates for home and business owners. Please contact us today to schedule an appointment at 828-712-4583 or email cteconstruct14@gmail.com. We look forward to meeting with you and appreciate your business.Information Radio - MB | Dec 20, 2012 | 6:40
Kittens Abandoned in a Bag Rescued
The plight of four abandoned kittens has a Winnipeg animal shelter pleading with the public to take action. The young animals were found sealed in a bag and left to die, before being rescued and dropped off at a nearby shelter. Carla Martinelli-Irvine is the founder of the Winnipeg Pet Rescue Shelter, where the kittens currently live. She's been caring for animals for the past 22 years.@article {400, title = {In situ NMR analysis of fluids contained in sedimentary rock}, journal = {Journal of Magnetic Resonance}, volume = {133}, year = {1998}, note = {J Magn Reson116WNTimes Cited:23Cited References Count:23}, month = {Aug}, pages = {385-387}, abstract = {.}, keywords = {oil}, isbn = {1090-7807}, doi = {Doi 10.1006/Jmre.1998.1459}, url = {With a massive sports complex, soon-to-open adjacent hotel and signature craft beer, Pasco County has embraced its new identity as Florida’s Sports Coast. Competition abounds.
Pasco County’s makeover as Florida’s “Sports Coast” has nearly been fully realized.
Credit for that goes to mainly two sources. One is the leadership and vision of Adam Thomas, 42, a former pro baseball player who’s now the county’s director of tourism. The other is the opening of the $44 million, 98,000-square-foot Wiregrass Ranch Sports Campus of Pasco County, in Wesley Chapel.
Formerly known as Visit Pasco, the county’s destination marketing organization kicked off its rebranding efforts in March 2019, adopting the name Experience Florida’s Sports Coast. The evolution picked up steam last year when, in August, the Wiregrass Ranch facility opened, providing a venue that can accommodate 17 different sports.
“Since the launch” of the new brand, Thomas says, “we have grown exponentially in visibility and recognition. When I first came onboard, there was no brand strategy. We didn’t have a forward-facing direction, didn’t know who our audience was and had no real positioning in Florida as a destination.”
But sports, as a brand identity, is difficult to own, particularly in a state like Florida, where year-round recreation opportunities abound in nearly every community from north to south. How have Thomas and his team, which also includes Communications Manager Kolby Gayson, so quickly managed to put Pasco on the map as a sports mecca?
PARTNER UP
A key part of the strategy, Thomas says, has been physical and visual representations of the new brand. Through a partnership with Trinity-based Escape Brewing Co., Experience Florida’s Sports Coast (EFSC) created and released Sports Coast Pilsner, a beer with artwork created by a Pasco County teacher. The collaboration won a Henry Award at Visit Florida’s Governor’s Conference in September.
“Winning a Henry Award is like winning the Stanley Cup or the Lombardi Trophy in tourism,” Thomas says. “Through this beer, Escape Brewing has created the perfect sensory translation of who we are as a destination.”
‘No one wrote a playbook for this pandemic. We were all trying to figure it out as we went along, and destination marketing was falling on deaf ears.’ Adam Thomas, Experience Florida’s Sports Coast
The beer will be used at conferences and trade shows as a promotional item, but it’s also available at local bars, restaurants and stores for purchase — what Thomas refers to as “community onboarding,” adding, “we looked at local distribution of the beer to further create a sense of place and enhance our brand positioning. Now, people have a consumer product that they can hold in their hand, and we have an identity as a destination.”
EFSC and Escape Brewing came up with some clever uses for the beer. Not only has it been distributed locally, but it was also the centerpiece of a campaign dubbed “Have One on Us,” which provided free Sports Coast Pilsner to frontline workers during the pandemic.
“We are very excited to be partners with Florida’s Sports Coast and we are truly proud of the Sports Coast Team on winning the Henry Award from Visit Florida,” Escape Brewing Co. co-founder John McGregor states in a news release about the win. “It's exciting to see our county being recognized as a premier destination in Florida.”
In at least one way, Thomas says, the pandemic had a silver lining. EFSC, along with many other destination marketing organizations statewide, voluntarily “went dark” throughout the first few months of the crisis, pausing most marketing efforts. That hiatus gave the organization a chance to brainstorm new strategies, including the team-up with Escape Brewing, and come up with appropriate messaging.
“No one wrote a playbook for this pandemic,” he says. “We were all trying to figure it out as we went along, and destination marketing was falling on deaf ears.”
Another key move, says Thomas, was using the downtime to do market research. He and his team found that many travelers sought out lesser-known destinations with lower population densities.
“They weren’t going to major beach destinations, major attraction destinations,” Thomas says. “We’re not a major hub for leisure travel, but that gave us a strategic opportunity to showcase our destination, put our brand in front of the consumer audience and allow them get an idea of what else is out there.”
SUCCESSFUL BREW
The “Sports Coast” moniker seems to resonate. A survey of visitors to Pasco County last year found that 96% reported being satisfied with their experience, Thomas says.
“Even though it was a down year because of the pandemic,” he says, “people were still having positive experiences because of natural outdoor recreational offerings … our brand promise was at an all-time high.”
The momentum has carried over in 2021, Thomas adds: hotel occupancy is up 8.5% compared to 2019, and the Wiregrass facility’s revenues have risen 16%. Thomas expects the facility to bring in more than $3.5 million by the time EFSC closes the book on its fiscal year. "We are hitting some high, historic figures … we couldn’t be happier,” he says.
Gayson says EFSC scaled back its out-of-state marketing efforts during the pandemic, but that didn’t stop visitors from discovering Pasco’s delights, citing the county’s annual scallop hunting season as a major driver of tourism.
“Even before we were putting any money behind targeting them,” she says, “they were all about our brand, and we got strong results. The Rust Belt has exploded for us. It was on our radar but now we’re seeing a lot of visitation from Michigan, Indiana, Ohio and Illinois. Those are becoming top markets for us.”
ALL INCLUSIVE
Pasco County and EFSC have doubled down on the success of the Wiregrass Ranch facility with the construction of a Residence Inn by Marriott just steps away from the sports complex. The hotel, Thomas says, will have a soft opening in December, followed by a full, official opening in the new year.
At 2867 Lajuana Blvd., the four-story, 128-suite hotel has been designed to appeal to visiting sports teams and organizations in town for extended stays, offering studio, one- and two-bedroom suites with separate living and sleeping areas; a fully equipped kitchen; and complimentary grocery delivery service.
EFSC already has partnerships in place with several hotels in the Wesley Chapel area, including Fairfield Inn & Suites, Hampton Inn & Suites, Hilton Garden Inn and Saddlebrook Golf Resort & Spa. But having on-site accommodations should boost the Wiregrass Ranch facility’s already strong appeal to event organizers, particularly in the coronavirus era, which has seen the use of “bubbles” at sports venues around the world to limit athletes’ movements and reduce their risk of Covid-19 exposure and transmission.
In a statement, Marriott says all surfaces within the property will be treated with hospital-grade disinfectants. The hotel will also regularly be cleaned with electrostatic sprayers that use an EPA-approved solution specifically designed to eliminate the Covid-19 virus. Guests and employees will be required to wear face coverings in indoor public spaces, regardless of vaccination status.
The hotel was designed by BRPH; builders are David Nelson Construction Co. and Development Ventures Group Inc. It will be operated by Tampa-based Mainsail Lodging & Development. The property boasts several notable design features, including an outdoor heated pool, bike rentals and a high-tech fitness center outfitted with Under Armour’s MapMyFitness running app. Even better, Gayson says, is the rooftop bar that can accommodate up to 142 guests and is also open to the public. She thinks it will be a big draw for parents who are there to watch their kids’ sporting events.
“It’s the first rooftop bar in Wesley Chapel,” Gayson says.
Sounds like the perfect spot to enjoy a Sports Coast Pilsner.Don't let your body get cold on the mountain, the Flylow Veronica Jacket was designed to keep you riding comfy. The interior body mapping of select zones of grid fleece and wicking taffeta adapt to changing temperatures easily, so you can ride up cool and rip hot laps without overheating. This light insulation, in combination with the rugged Patrol fabric make the Veronica jacket the perfect jacket for a wide range of weather in the mountains!
Patrol 2L – Mountain utility is a phrase Flylow uses
Body Mapped Interior with Grid Fleece and Wicking Taffeta
Hem Cinch
Two Zip Hand Pockets
Internal Zip Pocket
Internal Mesh Pocket
Under Arm Vents
Chin Guard
YKK® Zippers
Need to return an item? Take up to a full year!Return Policy
Find a better price? We'll beat it by 5%Price Match Policy
Expert staff, service, events, galleries, demos & more!Stores & Partner Locations- 27 augusti - N.E.J - Snygg framtidsutsikt!Eng. 27th August - N.O. - Nice future outlook!
- Swedish prohibition poster
- Year: 1922
- Artist: Fred Proessdorf
The story of this poster
A humoristic poster for the "no" side during the campain before the prohibition election of 1922.
Always at World War Era
- Printed at our own facility in Sweden
- Unique posters
- Add a frame - and get your poster framed!
- We ship with UPS - world wide!
- Printed on Hahnemühle 210 gram matte paper - for perfect result!Gbari: Yamma language
Language name: Gbari: Yamma
ISO Language Name: Gbari [gby]
GRN Language Number: 2046
Language State: Verified
ROD Dialect Code: 02046
Audio recordings available in Gbari: Yammabari: Yamma
- MP3 Audio (25.5MB)
- Low-MP3 Audio (7.9MB)
- MPEG4 Slideshow (57.4MB)
- AVI for VCD Slideshow (10.3MB)
- 3GP Slideshow (4.2MB)
Audio/Video from other sources
Jesus Film Project films - Gbari - (The Jesus Film Project)
Other names for Gbari: Yamma
Western Gbari
Yamma
Where Gbari: Yamma is spoken
Languages related to Gbari: Yamma
- Gbari (ISO Language)
People Groups who speak Gbari: Yamma
Gbari,.Dachel Media Update: Teacher Shortages, Post High School
By Anne Dachel
Read Anne's commentary and view the links after the jump. The Dachel Media Update is sponsored by Lee Silsby Compounding Pharmacy and their OurKidsASD brand.
Oct 28, 2014, Health Impact News: Flu Vaccine is the most Dangerous Vaccine in the U. S. based on Settled Cases for Injuries
Oct 28, 2014, Left Brain Right Brain: Emily Willingham: winner of the 2014 John Maddox Prize for Standing up for Science
Oct 27, 2014, Cal State Fullerton: Vaccines should be federally mandated
Oct 27, 2014, San Jose Mercury News: Autism surge creates special education teacher shortages
Oct 27, 2014, KTAR, Scottsdale, AZ: People with autism and other invisible disabilities face barriers to finding work
Oct 27, 2014, Medical Express: Autism After High School
Emily Willingham is one of the best writers on the science and social aspects of autism. .......
I've been following Willingham for years and writing about her. Emily Willingham on "Mispresenting the Facts" in Forbes The Continued Weirdness of Emily Willingham And of course she's included in my book, The Big Autism Cover Up, since she's done so much writing on autism.
Health Impact News
The last report issued in 2013 by the Department of Justice (Vaccine Court), for compensation made by the Health and Human Services for people injured or killed by vaccines, was released in December 2013, covering the period of 8/16/2013 through 11/15/2013.
Stunning news from the shadowy world of vaccine injury cases.
Since the discovery of the modern vaccine 200 years ago, over nine million lives a year have been saved worldwide. That number could increase to 25 million a year if we begin to use vaccines against all potentially vaccine-preventable diseases, according to UNICEF.
Heather Ann Meyers, a student at Fullerton, believes there should be a FEDERAL MANDATE for vaccines. Heather notes the "discovery" of vaccines 200 years ago.
I wonder if she knows about ACIP recommendations. Or that thimerosal contains untested mercury.
Regressive autism following vaccination is "purely coincidence."
Where is the natural skepticism about establishment practices one would expect of a college student? Young people in college should be challenging the medical--industrial complex, not accepting their worthless claims blindly.
Young adults like this scare me. (I posted comments and I do like the ones from others. People aren't buying her vaccine promotion.)
Jeffrey Esquivel let go of his mother's hand and slowly brushed a miniature donkey, the only moment at his school's Halloween carnival that the first-grader with autism stepped outside of his shell.
It was a contact with the world his mother, Helen Esquivel, deeply wishes he could learn more about in school, but for most of last year and so far this year, the 6-year-old had no credentialed special-education teacher for his class at Proctor Elementary School.
Like many area school districts, Castro Valley Unified has had a shortage of specialized teachers, especially special-education ones. The demand for special-education teachers nationwide has grown, as more children are diagnosed with autism..
More kids with autism has led to a shortage of special ed teachers. (And we're talking about kids who don't talk.) WHAT IS THIS TELLING US? A teacher is quoted saying that when she started the autism rate was one in every 1,000 kids, today it's one in 88 (a rate that is even worse today at one in every 68). The assist. superintendent of schools says, "As more is know about autism, more children are being diagnosed with the condition."
Another superintendent says, "The numbers are staggering."
Of course they are, but nobody will do anything about it. They can't. We have to continue to pretend that it's always been like this. And the kids will keep coming and coming until we're broke.
Matt Cottle named his home bakery Stuttering King, drawing inspiration from King George VI's fight with his stammer. Instead of delivering speeches, the challenge for Cottle is establishing himself in the job market as a person with autism.
After graduating from high school, Cottle found himself interested in baking and started searching for culinary training opportunities. However, both traditional and special culinary school turned out to be frustrating.
His mother, Peggy, said noise, clutter, activity and sequencing are stressful for anyone, but most people's brains function to allow them to overcome them.
"A person with autism does not," she said.
These stories are always local and there's always a mom talking about their struggle. As usual, there no alarm or any statistics given, but AUTISM is in the title of the story.
"Invisible disability"? Not for long. Soon all these ASD kids aging out of school will bankrupt us. I can't what to see how all the experts will handle.
Something is so wrong here. Just as a nation, we've stood by with only a passing interest as the rates of neuro-developmental disorders in our children went through the roof, hitting an all-time high autism rate of one in every 68 kids, one in every 42 boys, we'll probably likewise scratch our collective heads as so why there's nothing for all these young adults after high school.
NIMH awarded a grant of almost three quarters of a million dollars to the U of KT and Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis to study this problem. Notice that no one is really worried. Autism mom Melanie Tyner-Wilson is happy this issue is getting attention. She hopes it will lead to a future for her son and others like him.
The reporter here doesn't give us any statistics on the number of people this applies to. She tells us the young man's mother is excited about the grant and the prospects for help.
I'm sorry, but I don't share her enthusiasm. Officials haven't really cared about all the children with autism. No one at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has ever even called autism "a crisis." They've been completely mystified over all the autism in kids in the U.S. and I'm sure they'll be just as blank as all the adults come into the picture.
'We need to figure out how we are going to meet their needs and give them a quality of life,' according to this parent. 'We want to make sure our children are okay after we are gone.'
So how is that ever going to happen? Someone somewhere is going to have to recognize that it hasn't always been like this and that autism has to be addressed as an epidemic.
I can't imagine anyone on the federal level ever doing that. The autism disaster will be left to the states. The taxpayers of Kentucky and all the other states will be paying more and more and more to support a never-ending population of disabled young people who weren't here 20 years ago. As far as the NIMH study goes, I'm sure Thomas Insel will bring up the results at a future IAAC meeting and then move on to the next topic on the agenda.
I'm not posting a comment. No one sees a problem. Surely officials are looking into this and they'll come up with a program to provide for these kids. The reporter casually tells us about "an ever-increasing number of students on the autism spectrum coming through the school pipeline," with no explanation. Autism is a given. It happens. Get used to it. We just to do something for those who have it.
 have a 20 year old son, who has autism, but who also has most behavioral symptoms under control, is able to learn, has graduated high school with a diploma (pending a final history test) and has perfect pitch and plays the piano. His vocational training has been on hold for almost 2 years - waiting for a spot to open up. This is deplorable! We would like for him to be able to use his musical talents in a career path. Does anyone have any knowledge of any program we can access for him? I'm tired of waiting on the state.
Posted by: Nick's Mom | October 30, 2014 at 08:20 AM
The reports for the two subsequent quarters are here and here.
Posted by: Godfrey Wyl | October 29, 2014 at 06:52 PM
An example from the other day. At the beginning of the year, the students learned the capitals of the states. In our homeschooling we're also going to do that again, after having spent six months four years ago on it, and my daughter learned them all. I printed a list of the states and their capitals, and started down the alphabetical list. My daughter knew all of the first fifteen, but then very few of the other thirty-five. I realized that the para had helped her learn them and drilled her, but although she did great on those they got to, when the rest of the class moved on to something else, no one cared to work on the others with Cecily. After all, who cares? The para is paid to rehash whatever the teacher and the class are working on at that time, understanding and mastery have no value at all when it comes to instruction of the autistic. We'll work on them in homeschooling until she has relearned them all.
Posted by: cia parker | October 29, 2014 at 05:45 PM
Beyond that, there's a SERIOUS shortage of any kind of teacher who has any idea at all as to how to approach teaching students with autism. COMPLETELY clueless and inept. Yeah, they'll give them a para, who earnestly repeats what the teacher just said and then, because the language is ALWAYS still too hard, they'll do the worksheets assigned for the student, or possibly tell her what to write as an answer (as with my daughter). They call it "scaffolding," the theory is that they do it for them now, while they're earnestly observing and soaking it all up, one day (like ninety years from now) maybe they can do it independently. The language therapy absolutely NOT designed to help autistic students whose brain has been damaged by vaccines learn to use language.
Posted by: cia parker | October 29, 2014 at 05:39 PM
I would urge all AoA readers to visit the Health Impact News site that Anne has posted above .... it states
the last report issued in 2013 by the Dept of Justice (Vaccine Court), for compensation made by the HHS for people injured or killed by vaccines, was released in December 2013, covering the period of 8/16/2013 through 11/15/2013.
That my friends is a total of three months .. almost a full year ago .. yet .. it contains some stunning information .. that .. predictably .. did not make our Evening News shows.
Consider .. there were 139 claims settled during those three months .. with 70 of them being compensated .. which means just over 50% of claims filed for serious vaccine damages .. which included .. "neurological injury, encephalopathy, peripheral neuropathy, painful myalgias, vertigo, opsoclonus-myoclonus syndrome, cerebellar ataxia, demyelinating injury, corneal transplant failure, transverse myelitis, hypersensitivity reaction, acute demyelinating encetalomyelitis, gastrointestinal and menstrual issues, symptomatic orthostatic hypotension, recurrent cluster headaches, juvenile dermatomyositis, relapsing/remitting multiple sclerosis
and .. even more disturbing ..
the compensation for fifteen (15) out of the fifty (50) claims .. for Guillain-Barre Syndrome (GBS) victims that specifically received the "flu" vaccine that remains .. none-the-less .. highly recommended for pregnant women and children.
How in God's name can so many vaccine injuries be "compensated" .. over a three month period .. and .. the urban myth that vaccine injuries are "rare" continues .. unabated?
Indeed .. I know people are sick of the analogy with other products .. but .. I do not think it unfair to compare the consequences suffered by manufactureres of other products found to be "unsafe" .. such as .. air bags in autos, trampolines, infant car seats, toys that can cause a child to choke, on and on.
Those products were immediately removed from the market ..
not because the manufacturers wanted to protect consumers .. but .. because those manufacturers were well aware of the fact that their products .. did not enjoy the same product liability protections guaranteed vaccine manufacturers.
And so .. we have public health officials continuing to promote a product (vaccines).. that .. by judgment of their own Vaccine Court .. has been found to cause serious "damage" in 50% of the claims .. THEY adjudicated.
I don't know about you .. but .. as a grandparent .. 50% of claims adjudicated in favor of the vaccine injured .. is an indication that vaccines are neither "safe" .. nor .. are serious injuries "rare".
Posted by: BoB Moffitt | October 29, 2014 at 03:54 PMPartner is cheated on you? what to do now?
Everyone loves everyone gets broken. But the thing is to know what should we do if your partner cheated on you? Don’t go careless there are some things which you should do first then decide what to do or not. It’s designated “beginning to look all starry eyed at” in light of the fact that you’re taking a chance with the opportunity of failing miserably. What’s more, when somebody is […]Frequently Asked Questions Company Overview Watch Videos Testimonials MSDS Sheets Buy Products
We have eliminated the high prices charged by UPS and the USPS and have initiated a flat shipping rate of only $5...The more you purchase the more you save. This offer is for a limited time so take advantage of it while it lasts.
Don't get sick while on vacation.. at any theme park anywhere on the planet!Telrad engineers have opened a facility in India, setting up a small business in the country.
Telrad, a company that specializes in providing indoor telarrad engineering, announced its plans to open in the city of Ahmedabad, about 15km from New Delhi, on Thursday.
Telarrad, founded in 2008, aims to provide a service that can improve the living environment of urban dwellers and their children.
“We are pleased to be partnering with the government and government authorities for the first time in the history of Telrad,” said Telarad, the company’s founder and CEO, who also leads the company.
The company has offices in Mumbai, Bengaluru and Hyderabad, and will expand its service to other parts of the country in the coming months, Telaradi said.
Telarrad’s services are being developed to meet the needs of the people, not just the company, Teladad added.
Telard, an Indian startup, is the first telarad company in the world to be accredited with the American Institute of Certified Engineers (AICEE).
AIPEE, an association of engineering professionals, has been a supporter of Telarid and Telarard since 2009, according to the company website.
The AICEE said in a statement that it is excited to see Telarads efforts to improve the lives of urban residents and their kids.The first objective of this component under HSPM was the retraining of family physicians and family nurses and completion of the planned retraining of 1650 family physicians and of equal number of family nurses to ensure 100% coverage of population under the family medicine scheme.
The family physicians’ retraining process was based on the Unified Family Medicine curriculum (RA Minister of Health Order, N613, 2003) that includes 8 months academic education and 4 months practical/clinical training. The family nurses’ retraining was based on the Unified Family Nursing curriculum (RA Minister of Health, Order N1254, 2006) that includes 5 months academic education and 1 month practical/clinical training. Trainees were selected from currently working district therapeutists, district pediatricians and nurses employed by urban polyclinics, rural ambulatories and health centers. As of completion date of the Project in total the number of retrained family physicians within WB supported projects is 1,676 and the number of family nurses is 1,804. Retraining of family physicians and nurses within HSMP APL-1 and APL-2 phases was completed in March 2012.
With the support of the HSMP two family physicians group practices from Abovyan city of Kotayk marz were established in accordance to Governmental Decree # 497-N, dated on April 19, 2007
Under this component 145 practical guidelines for provision of primary health care services were developed, printed and disseminated among PHC providers.
The second objective of this component was the strengthening of PHC infrastructure and improvement of working environment for PHC providers. In addition to 76 rural community medical facilities, which were modernized under the first WB financed project, 97 rural ambulatories were constructed and renovated under HSMP. As a result of infrastructure development the PHC services have become accessible for about 630,000 rural population in the new ambulatories.
• effective management structures and functions;
• strategic development plans and performance plans for top executive management;
• consolidated budgets;
• new financial management systems and accounting methodologies;
• internal quality assurance systems;
• health care waste management system;
• annual and independent audit reports.
Prior to making funds available for the hospital modernization, implementation agreements acceptable to the Bank are signed between the MOH, owner of the hospital (local government) and the chief executive (director) of the hospital confirming the commitment to the modernization program, implementation of management and governance arrangements, resources available under the project and hospital contribution to the project.
The project hospital networks in Yerevan are M.Heratsi State Medical University Hospitals, “Grigor Lusavorich” and “Surb Astvatsamayr” Medical Centers (MC).
The project hospital networks in Yerevan are M.Heratsi State Medical University Hospitals, “Grigor Lusavorich” and “Surb Astvatsamayr” Medical Centers (MC). Merger of “Mkhitar Heraci Yerevan State Medical University Hospital”
• Composition
This hospital organization comprises a merger of the University Hospital #1, University Hospital #3 (formerly University Children’s hospital#1), University Eye Clinic and University Hospital #2 (“Hayk Medical Center” in the past).The expected internal rate of return (IRR) from hospital business case point of view is 7 percent. In addition to quantified benefits, additional benefit is expected from improvement of clinical training conditions for medical students.
The tripartite agreement for this merger was signed on May 22, 2005 between the University Rector, Ministry of Health and the Ministry of Science and Education of Armenia, based on the original proposal on re-location of adult hospital services from hospital #1 and concentration of all medical services (adult and pediatric) in hospital #2 and of all surgical services (adult and pediatric) in hospital #3. Amendment was in the tri-partite agreement on August 8, 2006 upon approval by the World Bank. The University will regroup clinical chairs and service bases currently dispersed in hospitals across the city into the merged network with overall space saving of 1821 square meters (vacation of rented facilities). By the year 2008 the bed capacity was reduced from 485 beds to 292 beds resulted in increased bed occupancy of 51% with ALOS of 7.8 days.
In 2006-2007 University hospitals #2 and #3 received new biomedical equipment items intended for radiology and functional diagnostics departments, intensive care, operating theatres and endoscopies, as well as central sterilization department. University hospitals clinical and administrative departments were furnished with IT hardware and software.
Merger of “Surb Grigor Lusavorich Medical Center”
Composition
This hospital organization comprises the merger of former State Emergency Care Hospital (SEMC), Maternity Hospital #4, Children’s Neurological Hospital #6, Children’s Policlinic #5 and Policlinic #14. The expected internal rate of return (RR) from the hospital business case point of view is 67 percent.
Proposed modernization
The tri-partied agreement for this merger was signed on December 16, 2005 and the project implementation started. Under the modernization program facilities of neurology hospital #6 have been relocated to SEMC and the facility has been closed; and, services of the policlinic #5 were re-located into policlinic #14 in order to create a combined service from one facility. The facility of the policlinic #5 will be closed. The above restructuring resulted in space saving of about 6500 square meters, bed capacity reduction from 563 beds to 385 beds achieving the occupancy level of 88 percent with ALOS of 7.3 in the year 2008.
In 2006-2007 civil works related to the construction of a new boiler unit for heating of both hospital and polyclinic buildings, as well as renovation of maternity hospital have been carried out. Pediatric services have been re-located to the multi-profile hospital building by financial means of hospital. Thus the children’s neurological hospital #6 building is vacated and returned to municipality. Hospital received new biomedical equipment items. Clinical and administrative departments were equipped with IT hardware and software.
Merger of “Surb Astvatsamayr Medical Center”
Composition
This hospital organization comprises the merger of the former Children’s Emergency Care Hospital (CEMH) together with children’s policlinic, a secondary care hospital “Medical Union # 6”, “Surb Astvatsamayr” Maternity Hospital” and policlinics #6, 9 and 18.The expected internal rate of return (IRR) from the hospital business case point of view is 11 percent.
Proposed modernization
The tri-partite agreement acceptable to the World Bank was signed by the parties on April 9, 2005.According to the modernization program services from Medical Union #6 have been relocated to CEMH, maternity and gynecology services at the maternity hospital are consolidated into one of the two blocks; adult services from policlinic #6 have been relocated to the children’s policlinic at the CEMH. The program resulted in space reduction by 9795 square meters, bed capacity reduction from 427 beds to 362 beds resulting in increased bed occupancy of 71% with ALOS of 7.8 days in the year 2008.
In the following years architectural design and renovation activities were implemented in multi-profile hospital and in maternity hospital related to re-location of services from hospital #6 and to consolidation of obstetrics and gynecology services in one block. Delivery of biomedical equipment items and of IT hardware and software has been completed.
Marz hospital networks modernization
Following upon the optimization process in Yerevan regional optimization initiatives were undertaken through development of general master-plans of regional health care delivery systems, which were approved by the Government on November 2006 by decree of Government #1911-N. As a result of the marz optimization program around 40% of the current marz hospital bed capacity is reduced and over 70 thousand square metres of unused hospital and polyclinic space vacated from medical services. Upon completion of implementation of the marz programs and establishment of marz hospital networks as efficient providers of quality health care services for the marz population, the Yerevan hospital system would be re-examined with the aim of further consolidation of hospital services.
A thorough mapping exercise was performed in 2007 within the project, including assessment of current capacities, utilization and patient flows of regional hospital services and preparation of map layers of all regions with all health facilities per type and location, showing patient flows, service use and resources for each specialty so that to provide enough data to make evidence-based decisions on where and what to invest on to complement the optimization plans.
Building capacity for evaluation of health sector performance
Strengthening of health sector regulation, governance and management
Improvement of public expenditure management
Development of Armenian Public Health System, needs assessment plan and monitoring evaluation system for the Avian Influenza, HIV/AIDS and other Public Health threats
This component aims to strengthen capacity of the Ministry of Health and its key agencies to perform its major functions of policy development and implementation monitoring, regulation and oversight of the health sector.
Building capacity for evaluation of health sector performance
his subcomponent will strengthen the capacity of MOH and its key agencies to monitor & evaluate success of the health sector reforms, to report regularly on the health of the population and the functioning of the health care system; foster greater accountability to the public on how the health care system is serving them; provide a set of internationally comparable health accounts in the form of standard tables.
• Health Sector Performance Assessment (HSPA)
In order to provide evidence-based information to the Government for health policy analysis, formulation and management the Health Sector Performance Assessment (HSPA) should be carried out on regular basis. In order to assess whether the entire health system is moving toward success and policy objectives, the appropriate instrument of measurement was required. The methodology was adopted for the Republic of Armenia The methods of measurements of these indicators are diverse and include both primary and secondary data collection. The coordination of HSPA report development is maintained by the Heath Information Analytical Center National Institute of Health of MOH. In the framework of “Health system modernization project” the HSPA reports for the years 2007, 2009, 2012 were developed, published and distributed among the key stakeholders. The final reports can be found in the field of Reports and official documents.
• National Health Accounts Development (NHA)
National Health Accounts are significant and very useful tool for understanding the financial issues of health system. NHA gives an opportunity to the MOH to implement the assessment of health financing provided by different sources and the prospects to increase funding allocated to the sector, main projects of the health sector, the distribution of financial resources allocated for the population and to identify important actors in the area of health sector financing and provision of health care services as an instrument for developing and implementing a future reform strategy.
Current NHA Working group comprises of representatives from SHA, MOF, NSS, donor organizations. The statistical data for the NHA reports is collected from various sources: record of the national, regional and local bodies of the health system, records maintained by insurance companies (social and private insurance), records of medical service providers, health related data from “Households Integrated Living Conditions Survey (ILCS)” implemented by NSS and “Financial Activities of Health Care Organizations and Drugstores” and “Household Survey on Expenditures for Health Service”, and data on assistance provided by donor organizations. At present, the NHA 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 and 2010 reports are developed, the NHA reports for 2006 and 2008 were published and disseminated among stakeholders. Top
Strengthening of health sector regulation, governance and management
This sub-component provides support for revising and improving health legislation, developing quality assurance mechanisms, improving MoH capacity as regulatory agency for the health sector; strengthening central and local Government oversight function, building up management structures of hospitals, and developing regulations for health care waste management.
• Licensing and Accreditation
The licensing of physical and juridical persons, with medical or pharmaceutical practices, started in 1996. Before 1996 physical and juridical persons were not licensed. Only the diplomas were sufficient to have the right for medical practice. The licensing procedures were regulated through Republic of Armenia (RA) State laws and Ministry of Health (MoH) decrees.
In order to re-establish the Health licensing and accreditation system for healthcare professionals and facilities international consultant was invited and the local WG was created. The objectives of the assignment were: a. to develop alternative licensing, accreditation and certification approaches in the Armenian context; b. to develop in detail the selected licensing, accreditation and certification approach that will address the key issues yet be suitable for the capabilities of the Ministry of Health, the marz level, and the health care facilities themselves and suitable implementation strategy jointly with the system stakeholders; c. to outline the resources, training and other inputs required to successfully implement selected licensing, accreditation and certification approach in Armenia. The final report produced by the International Consultant on Licensing, Accreditation systems development has been distributed among major stakeholders. Based on the experience of 25 EU countries, which was presented by the consultant in the final report, the local WG developed the list of medical specialties as well as draft government decree for implementation of proposed strategy for registration of health professionals. The list comprised of 32 High Medical and Pharmacological specialties, as well as 7 Middle level Medical and Pharmaceutical specialties. Top
• Health Care Waste Management Regulatory Documents Development
Improper management of healthcare waste can have direct or indirect negative impacts on patients, health workers, local communities, and on the environment. Healthcare waste pose biological, physical, chemical, and/or radiological hazards to those involved in their handling, treatment, and disposal. Hazardous healthcare waste is a public health risk whenever persons in the community, including children, come in contact with untreated healthcare waste. In addition, improper treatment methods can also result in public health problems and pollute the environment.
The government of Armenia has undertaken a process to develop a new legal framework to address healthcare waste. At present there are no legal acts that directly regulate the field of healthcare waste. In a broad context, healthcare waste is included as a part of the field of hazardous waste management.An interim approach to solve the problem of hospital waste management in Armenia is the adoption of sanitary and hygienic regulations connected to healthcare waste. In order to develop the Health Care Waste Management Regulatory Documents the International and local Consultants were selected by HPIU. Consultants reviewed the current legal framework on waste management in Armenia, developed draft legal package and draft National guidelines with detailed description of classification of Health Care Waste, process of estimation waste generation, current management practices, waste management implementation plan, waste minimization and pollution prevention, waste segregation and collection containers, waste collection, transportation and treatment, common treatment technologies, training and public education. In addition, TOT course on Health Care Waste Management (in accordance with developed guidelines) was conducted for epidemiologists who are responsible for waste management in merger hospitals as well as for specialists from State Hygienic and Anti-Epidemic Inspectorate.
• Strengthening of Hospital Management
HPIU contracted with the local training institution in basic management and health governance courses curricula development and training conduction, as well as, the foreign firms Oxford Policy Management Ltd & Pi Associates (Europe) Ltd to develop the modules of basic management course and health care governance course. This assignment contributed to the creation of sustainable training capacity in both health care management and health care governance in Armenia, providing core knowledge base that will be used to build management and governance capacity in hospitals, the Ministry of Health, the Municipality and Marz health departments. The management training started at March, 2006 and has been completed by the end of 2008. The trainings were conducted for three different groups of management: a. Top Management – representatives of MoH, Marz health departments, municipality, Heads of hospitals, deputy heads of hospitals (with duration of 44 days), Basic Management – for Heads of the hospital departments (with a duration of 16 days), Lower Management – Head Nurses (duration- 26 days).
At the end of the Management Program 108 representatives of top level management, 271 representatives of middle level management and 347 representatives of low level management completed the training course and received corresponding certificates. Top
• Hospital’s owners oversight functions strengthening
Within the frame of the Health System Modernization Project the regulatory and oversight functions of the MoH, the Yerevan Municipality and the Marzes’ Health Departments were strengthened. A review of an appropriate accountability system was conducted, which includes the board model that is internationally considered as best practice for the supervision of independent public hospitals. According to the agreement with the system key stakeholders the implementation is done by steps and in a first phase the hospital supervisory committees, subordinated to the JSC owners will initiate the oversight role of the hospitals and other healthcare organizations. The committees have clearly defined roles and responsibilities and appropriate staffing.
An International Consultant in collaboration with local expert available under the assignment has worked to ensure clarity and shared understanding of respective roles, responsibilities and accountabilities of the organizations involved at the strategic and supervisory levels. The final report was developed and submitted by Consultant, which includes information regarding the proposed hospital board governance structure, with its main elements such as definition, responsibilities, functions, accountability, size, members’ roles, members’ skills/competencies, and others as appropriate. Moreover, the report includes the roles, functions and accountability of the parties involved in hospital governance.
• Developing hospital accounting and services cost accounting standard software requirements specification
In order to develop hospital accounting and services cost accounting standard software requirements specifications to improve the hospital financial accounting and reporting system the local company has been selected by HPIU. The company examined the current hospital accounting and cost accounting system (including systems of hospital management accounting, financial accounting, taxation accounting, and statistical accounting) through review of existing documents, hospital accounting related data, collection forms and reports as well as through meetings with hospitals chief accountants of a sample of public hospitals and defined strengths and weaknesses of accounting software packages used by health care providers. The final report with detailed description of hospital accounting and services cost accounting standard software requirements specification was submitted and the assignment has been completed in the beginning of year 2006. The final report can be found in the field of Reports and official documents. Top
Improvement of public expenditure management
• MIDAS Development
Local company in financial management information system development has been selected by HPIU to improve MIDAS-2 software package at the State Health Agency as well as to develop new subsystems. The local company has worked on software means development for standardization and coding of primary health care standard reports and data, including personal information about the patients, social security card number, forming, updating and transfer of standard information tables. Software means for forming and transfer of reports about the treatment process of a given patient as well as about ambulance visits of patients are also under the development. Based on all requisites MIDAS-2 package has been successfully developed and installed. In addition, internet site for State Health Agency was developed. The web site contains Laws related to SHA mandate, information about all SHA procedures and structure, services provided under the State Order and data about hospitals. Top
• Basic Benefits Package Costing Study
For the assignment of the Basic Benefits Package Costing Study, in 2006 HPIU invited an International Expert, who in collaboration with the local company “Business Consult”, developed methodology and tools for the costing study. As the real cost of the BBP cannot be estimated just at the health provider side, the Consultant proposed that the total real cost should include the actual expenditure at the supply side (health providers) and the real out of pocket expenditure (OOPE) at the demand side (patients). The approved sample for the Costing Study has included the primary and secondary care levels, the rural and urban areas, the public and private sector (the list of selected facilities were the following: Yerevan: 2 hospital mergers (including maternities and polyclinics), 1 private hospital, 1 polyclinic; and 1 TB dispensary; marzes: 1 hospital, 1 polyclinic, 1 dispensary and 4 rural ambulatories. In 2007 after the above mentioned surveys “Costing Basic Benefit Package in Armenia; Pitfalls and Policy Implications” was conducted by an international consultant. This assignment served as a basis for further improvement of the contents and public financing of the current BBP; to show, how further applicable conclusions could be achieved using the previous BBP study, to contribute with further relevant data and to come up with policy recommendations regarding BBP, complementing those already presented by the World Bank. The final report can be found in the field of Reports and official documents. Top
• Strengthening of SHA capacity
In the background report developed by the International Consultant, who was selected by the HPIU to review the organizational and governance arrangements of the SHA, it was presented that the general consensus among the interviewed stakeholders exists on the need to enhance the role of the SHA from that of a contracting and payment agency to that of a strategic purchaser – but there is not a shared vision as to what that role really means in the context of the Armenian health sector. In addition, the consultant presented the current weaknesses in the performance of the purchaser role and the boundaries of SHA decision making authority, defined performance criteria for SHA and developed procedures for increased transparency of its operations (e.g. setting of explicit annual performance targets, external auditing and performance reviews, development of annual reports and financial statements). The Consultant also proposed action plan to implement suggested institutional changes to enable MOH/SHA to become a strategic purchaser. A medium-term health financing scenario is projected in the report that would enable the SHA to act more as a strategic purchaser and a number of ways are suggested in which the SHA should develop its capacity to more efficiently and effectively use public funds for the purchasing of health care services. In particular, the report suggests that “the SHA needs to use its authority, its strategic advantage and its institutional capacity to influence provider behavior towards greater cost-efficiency, better performance and good quality, while SHA continues to defend the patient rights and to put patient health needs as its first objective”. The IT equipment for the State Health Agency (SHA) were purchased and installed. In the scope of the second phase of the project (APL 2) the following activities were carried out:
• The TORs for Health Care Quality Assessment and Measurement of True Costs Related to Medical Processes in Armenian Hospitals were developed and presented to the WB and MoH for their recommendations.
• A local company and an international consultant for the implementation of assignment “Measurement of True Costs Related to Medical Processes in Armenian Hospitals” continued the costing study. With the purpose of the study two types of information has been collected and analysed:
1. Economic data. This includes item by item presentation of hospital facility expenditures and costs items assigned to individual cost centers used at a particular facility.
2. Medical data, which in their turn consist of following elements:
o General medical information obtained by direct interviews with physicians and other medical staff of hospitals involved in the study. This enables to have general parameters of the main surgical interventions carried out at a particular hospital and understand the cost drivers of such interventions.
o Specific, case related data, which had been collected by sample survey of predefined number of medical records. The information obtained through this survey would be combined with the SHA database and presented in one, united database format.
With the purposes of sampling of individual medical cases, at first they have been grouped in case mix groups, using the All patients DRG (AP-DRG) criteria. Grouping of patients into AP-DRG groups was completely manual and proved to be very labour intensive process and it took more time than was anticipated at the project inception stage. Running the AP-DRG grouper through the hospitalization database was unfortunately not an option because first, there is no consistency in the use of 3 or 4 digits for the same pathology in the selected hospitals and, second, there is no standard procedure coding in use. The AP-DRG grouper would have grouped, with much optimism, perhaps 20% of the cases. In this project, average costs related to treating different case mix groups is being measured altogether in 5 hospitals. The involvement of the 5 participating hospitals was a decision made by the Ministry of Health of Armenia. One of criteria for selection of participating hospitals was the profile and composition and scope of provided services. Another factor that drove the selection was the geographical location of the hospital. Therefore, 3 of the selected hospitals are located in Yerevan, and 2 others are regional hospital facilities located in Gegharkunik and Tavush Marzes, respectively. The list of the selected five hospitals includes:
“Surb Grigor Lusavorich” Medical Centre (Yerevan);
“Erebuni” Medical Centre (Yerevan);
“Surb Nesres Mets” Medical Centre (Yerevan);
“Sevan Hospital” (town Sevan, Gegharkunik Marz); and
“Ijevan” Medical Centre (town Ijevan, Tavush Marz).
Top
Development of Armenian Public Health System, needs assessment plan and monitoring evaluation system for the Avian Influenza, HIV/AIDS and other Public Health threats
The purpose of this subcomponent was to implement needs assessment for creation of Reference laboratory center of Public health, to develop detailed Action plan for National Public health system and to implement one-week TOT on epidemiological control of Avian Influenza, its treatment and diagnosis. An International company was selected for the Public health system revision, who presented reports on Assessment of Public Health system in Armenia, creation and improvement of Public Health Reference Laboratories, as well as recommendations were presented on creation of Public Health Laboratory Network of Armenia, on making amendments in public health sphere etc. Top
Improvement of the Medical Education
This sub-component will provide technical assistance to improve the Undergraduate and Continuous Medical Education. The project will cover the fields of Formal Medical Education, introduction of new technologies, and Continuous Medical Education.
• To improve the quality of under-graduate and post-graduate medical education in Armenia through a revision of curricula and of quality assurance, the International Consultant was selected and invited. The final report on Revision of Under- and Post-Graduate Medical Education was developed and presented to the main stakeholders by the Consultant. The final report includes list of recommendations, comments under each component of medical education.COUNCILS & COMMITTEES
BRAGB's Builder Plus, Builder Pro and Builder Elite memberships include Council memberships. The Councils are an excellent way to network and professionally develop. NAHB provides excellent content to all Council Members. Council dues are an addition annual fee if not included in your membership level.
Committee memberships are free and they rely on the generous volunteerism of members. BRAGB's programs and offerings are largely the result of Committee work. Get involved and realize.
By getting involved in a Council or a Committee you can focus your attention on aspects of the industry that either cater to your own business or fuel a particular passion.
COUNCILS
Remodelers Council:
The Remodelers Council serves the interest of remodeling industry members by providing insightful topics that stimulate business development and best practices. The council promotes the benefits of remodeling and engages in regularly scheduled meetings, educational programs, and council-sponsored events. Explore member-only materials including building science guidance, regulation compliance, and certification to the National Green Building Standard. Membership to the Remodelers council offers exclusive access to tools, newsletters, and resources at NAHB. Dues: $60
Multi-Family Council:
The Multifamily Council focuses its attention on issues relating to this ever-expanding segment of the industry. Topics including green building requirements, financing, government regulations, legislation and property management are explored. Whether you are involved in rental housing, student housing, or for-sale multi-unit projects, this council offers the resources and tools to navigate the industry. Multifamily represents the specific interests of builders, developers, owners, and managers of all sizes and types of condominiums and rental apartments. Dues: $130
55+ Housing Industry Council:
The 55+ Housing Industry Council is the voice of the 55+ seniors housing industry and a leading source of information and research on the active adult, independent living, service-enriched, and assisted-living markets. Membership gives you access to these valuable resources and offers opportunities to network with peers and experts in the industry. The 55+ Housing Council serves the special needs of BRAGB members involved in all aspects of 55+ housing, including design, development, finance, ownership, management, and sales and marketing. Dues: $130
Professional Women in Building:
The NAHB's. Dues: $75
Sales & Marketing Council:
The Sales and Marketing Council (SMC) was founded to help builders sell homes more effectively. The council provides training, offers awards and recognition programs, and provides sales and marketing tools to council members. Membership to the SMC gives you access to the Institute of Residential Marketing (IRM) and the benefits of earning an IRM designation. Dues: $95
COMMITTEES.
Building Science Committee:
The Building Science.
Sales & Marketing Committee
The Sales & Marketing Committee regularly meets to discuss BRAGB sales and marketing initiatives. The agenda often aligns with the other Committees' agendas and with member driven programs.Sporobolus airoides - Alkali Dropseed, Alkali Sacaton (Plant) $5.00 Excl. tax Out of stock (0) IN-STORE PICKUP ONLY Nursery hours are Tuesday-Saturday 8:30am-4:30pm. We do not ship or deliver plants. PF 4" 1G 2"Size: *PF4"1G2"Out of stockLogin for wishlistDescriptionBunchgrass native to arid portions of southern CA, including deserts. Excellent for erosion control and for hot dry spots. Graceful pinkish seedheads catch the light. Does well in clay soil.Add to comparison list“It's all about the play. Skylight's focus is on bringing the writer's vision to the stage and our programs are built to achieve that. We believe in the power of the artist to transform lives, and in the theatre it all starts with the writer's words.” – Gary Grossman, Artistic Director
Skylight’s professional playwrights-in-residence laboratory is key to our mission to nurture and promote new works that speak to today's audience. Membership is by invitation with participants focusing on creating a brand new work from scratch each year. The session culminates in LAb Works, a public festival of selected new plays by the members.
SkyLab is the brainchild of Skylight’s Producing Artistic Director, Gary Grossman, and the award-winning playwright and screenwriter Shem Bitterman. The Pulitzer Prize finalist and Tony Award nominated playwright, Lee Blessing became director of the SkyLab in 2018.
"The intent of SkyLab is to provide a space both physical and psychological to encourage and support the creation of new plays. Skylight is dedicated to the development of new work by writers of proven talent." – Lee Blessing SkyLab Director
Membership is limited to a handful of writers and is by invitation only.
When: Delayed due to the pandemic (originally planned for Spring 2021)
How: Applicants need to have a body of work; preferably two produced plays. Deadline and Application form will be posted the first quarter of 2021.
* Deadlines and requirements are subject to change without notice, so please check the website for the most up-to-date information
Lee Blessing's plays" "Courting Harry" and "For the Loyal."
The 1992-93 Signature Theatre Season featured four of his plays:
"Fortinbras", "Lake Street Extension", "Two Rooms" and the world premiere of "Patient A".
Recent world and regional premieres include:
"A Body of Water" at the Guthrie and Old Globe Theatre; "Great Falls" at the Humana Festival of Actors Theatre of Louisville; "Lonesome Hollow", and "Whores", both at the Contemporary American Theatre Festival; "A View of the Mountains" at New Jersey Repertory Company; "The Winning Streak" at the George Street Playhouse; and "When We Go Upon the Sea" at Interact Theatre and 59E59 Theatre in New York.
Other plays include: "Minneapolis/St. Paul", "Independence", "Riches", "Nice People Dancing to Good Country Music" and a loose trilogy on race in America, "Black Sheep", "Flag Day" and "Perilous Night".
Additional awards include: the Steinberg/American Theater Critics Association Award (twice), the L.A. Drama Critics Award, the Great American Play Award, the Humanitas Award and the George and Elisabeth Marton Award, along with nominations for Tony and Olivier Awards and designation as Finalist for the Pulitzer Prize.
Skylight Theatre Company's Artistic Development Program including SkyLab is supported in part by the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors through the Los Angeles County Arts Commission, and the City of Los Angeles Department of Cultural Affairs.Posts Tagged ‘red bull’
On July 31st, Red Bull organizes its first outdoor Full Moon Party in Antwerp. The woods at the Noordkasteel and the Zeevaartschool form the venue for a party inspired by the original Thai Full moon parties on Koh Phangan. From 20h till 5’o-clock in the morning, you’ll see the energy of the full moon<<New Delhi: Ayushman Bharat Digital Mission has the power to bring a revolutionary change in India’s health facilities, said Prime Minister Narendra Modi while launching the campaign on Monday.
“Today begins a Mission that has the power to bring a revolutionary change in India’s health facilities. Three years ago, on Pandit Deendayal Upadhyaya’s birth anniversary, Ayushman Bharat Yojana was implemented. Happy that Ayushman Bharat Digital Mission is being started nationwide from today,” said PM Modi.
The Prime Minister said that in the last seven years, the campaign, which has been going on for the last seven years to strengthen the health services of the country, is entering a new phase from today. He also talked about the Arogya Setu app and said it helped a lot in preventing the spread of COVID-19 infection.
“We have been able to take the vaccine to everyone, under the free vaccine campaign. India has been able to apply about 90 crore vaccine doses today, and Co-WIN has a big role in it,” he said. PM Modi noted that there has also been an unprecedented expansion of telemedicine during the pandemic period.
“So far about 125 crore remote consultations have been completed through e-Sanjeevani. This facility is connecting thousands of countrymen living in far-flung parts of the country every day with doctors of big hospitals of cities while sitting at home,” said PM Modi.
The Prime Minister further said that through Ayushman Bharat-PM-JAY, the government have been able to eliminate the great concern of the life of the poor. “So far more than 2 crore countrymen have availed the facility of free treatment under this scheme. In this also half the beneficiaries are our mothers, sisters, daughters,” he said.
,” added the Prime Minister.The recipe this week was chosen by Liz of The Not So Skinny Kitchen. Sorry to all, but this is going to be a super quick post as this week is super-hectic. I pretty much followed the recipe completely - used frozen halibut and the curry powder. Also, only had about 2-3 TBS of cilantro because I had to cut it out of my herb garden (which has just finally started growing!) Yay for me - I grew something!
I was actually excited about this recipe because I really love Thai food and I thought it was going to be an ode to it. However, in my opinion the result was very disappointing. I thought the dish was really bland and fishy (I hate fishiness!) Maybe it was the curry powder instead of the curry paste. Maybe it was the lite coconut milk or the lack of the entire called-for amount of cilantro. The one thing I know is that the cats definitely liked this recipe more than I did!
I hope everyone else's dish turned out better than mine. Check out all of the CEIMB blogs to see what other thought.
Yay for your herb garden!
Sorry yours seemed bland...I used red curry paste and enjoyed mine, but I would have preferred some more heat.
I always put lemon on my fish about 10 minutes before cooking because, as much as I love fish, I can't stand FISHY FISH.
This recipe wasn't a hit w/ us either. We loved the fish, but not so crazy about the sauce.
Congrats on your herb garden! I've just started a little bit of gardening on my patio and it's so exciting to see my plants growing.
I'm sorry you didn't really like the dish; I wonder if the frozen fish made it a little fishy? I've had problems with that in the past. Even if you didn't like it, your picture still looks yummy!
Sorry you didn't like this. I suppose it is not the most authentic Thai recipe, though I wouldn't know since I don't eat much Thai food.
I'm so impressed that you have an herb garden and you grow cilantro! Every time I've tried to grow cilantro, it bolts before it's established enough to produce anything cuttable! Sorry this one was disappointing for you...I upped the curry paste and it gave it a nice kick.
Jen I'm so glad you tried this even though you didn't love it. I skipped out this week because I knew I wouldn't like it. Your photo looks great!
Too bad you didn't really like this dish, maybe you'll like it better with chicken. I used chicken instead of halibut and that worked perfect. However I also used a bit more cilantro and double the quantity of red curry paste indicated. I loved this dish!!Discover our installations
Take a look at a few of our numerous innovative projects for TV, new media and sports.
Sports
Boris Aleksandrov Sports Palace in Ust-Kamenogorsk, Kazakhstan
Reconstructed sports complex in Kazakhstan was transformed from outdated arena to a cutting edge sports venue fully packed with innovative technologies: huge curved indoor 4K screen, modern LED lighting, video mapping projections and outstanding multimedia solutions.
Sports
Halyk Arena in Almaty, Kazakhstan
In 2017, newly built Halyk Arena was equipped with media solutions for premium level sports events: turnkey acoustics, media infrastructure, LED screens and video analytics controlled by advanced management system.I’ve been tagged by Don to confess my obsessions/addictions. Today I turn 37 and since I’m feeling contemplative I think I’ll list one for every year.
Flavored coffee, black is my favorite way to start the day. And continues until the afternoon begins.
Red wine is my relaxation in the evening. I probably like it a little too much, but it’s healthy, right?
Buying books seems like a healthy addiction, but it can override common sense. I can go to a bookstore and purchase 10 books for a $10 and not have time to read any of them before more books find their way into my shopping bag a few days later. I do have a reading and writing addiction which seem to fit in with my book problem.
My grandparents passed onto to me the puzzling gene. Working on jigsaw puzzles is a good way to work out stuff in your head. If I’ve got a problem I need to work out, doing a jigsaw is the best medicine. I am currently finishing (600 pieces or so) a 5,000 piece jigsaw puzzle of Florence, Italy. I will include a picture when I get it done because it is a much anticipated achievement.
Chocolate and cheesecake at the Cheesecake Factory are two addictions. I am currently eating a piece of Chocolate Raspberry Truffle Cheesecake and it is heavenly.
Ohio State football season is my favorite season of the year! And that explains my favorite color, red.
I love my family and they are my rock. On a related note I frequently become obsessed with genealogy when I find a new branch in my family tree. Which leads me to trees – I love them and never feel more at peace with nature than when I am surrounded by them. I also feel very much at peace when I am surrounded by my wonderful friends. Cleveland has made me appreciate and look forward to snow. On the other hand, I adore saunas. This time of year always reignites my interest in politics (just ask my dad who was here this weekend). I have become more interested in my blog- and in yours- than I thought I would when I started. I check email constantly. But I love getting snail mail. I also love to send letters and cards. I love meeting new people and going to parties, which go together very nicely, thank you. My only fashion addiction is Kathy Van Zeeland bags (I’ve given away everything else!) and I won’t confess to how many I own. I love romantic movies and can watch my favorites over and over. On the TV front…I can spend too much much money at QVC, I tape The View everyday, if I’m home I watch General Hospital with only a little guilt, and when the tv is on, its default station is CNN. I love to play board games and am a bit competitive. Especially during March Madness when I become completely obssessed with beating my husband on our brackets. I go to New York City as often as I get the opportunity (which isn’t often enough!). I love getting into the hot tub on a cool night with my husband.
Which leads me to my obsession with getting my cat, Scout, to gain weight and getting my dog, Max, to lose the pounds. Of course, my best obsession is my husband, Jason. And for #37 I asked Jason what he thought my obsession was. He thought about for a few minutes and said, “You like to make other people happy.” Maybe I should just make him addictions 1-36 🙂
I’m tagging Kathy & Elena to confess their obessions/addictions.Gas Pipeline Hydraulics
This online engineering PDH course covers the steady state analysis of compressible fluid flow through pipelines. In particular, we will cover natural gas pipeline transportation including how pipelines are sized for a particular flow rate, the pressure required to transport a given volume of gas and the compression horsepower required.
The properties of natural gas that affect pipe flow will be reviewed first followed by the concepts of laminar and turbulent flow and Reynolds number. Frictional pressure loss and the method of calculating the friction factor using the Moody diagram and the Colebrook and AGA methods will be illustrated with examples. Several other popular flow equations, such as the Weymouth, IGT and Panhandle formulas will be introduced and explained with example problems. Increasing pipeline throughput using intermediate compressor stations as well as pipe loops will be discussed. The strength requirement of pipes, allowable operating pressure and hydrostatic test pressure will be reviewed with reference to the DOT code requirements.
This 6 PDH online course is intended for civil, mechanical and process engineers involved in the planning, design, and construction of gas pipelines, or seeking to gain a better understanding of the hydraulics of gas pipelines.
This PE continuing education course is intended to provide you with the following specific knowledge and skills:
- Understanding gas properties including viscosity, pressure, compressibility factor and gas laws
- Calculating the properties of a natural gas mixture
- Calculating the compressibility factor of a gas using the Standing-Katz chart
- Learning about friction and transmission factors used in gas pipeline pressure drop equations
- Calculating pressure drop due to friction in a gas pipeline using the General Flow Equation
- Calculating gas pipeline velocity and erosional velocity
- Applying gas pipeline pressure drop equations, including Panhandle A, Panhandle B, Weymouth and the IGT equation
- Calculating compression ratio, efficiency and horsepower for compressor stations
- Calculating the allowable pipe pressure using design factors based on the location of the pipeline and its proximity to populated areas
- Using compressor stations and pipeline looping to increase gas throughput
In this professional engineering CEU course, you need to review the document titled "Gas Pipeline Hydraul.Guru offer their spiritual teachings to a sell out crowd in Brighton
Guru live at the Prince Albert, Brighton 08.02.20 (pic Sara-Louise Bowrey Photography)
GURU + MICE ÖN MARS + SCOWL – THE PRINCE ALBERT, BRIGHTON 08.02.20
Tonight, raucous local punks Guru played live in Brighton at the Prince Albert plus support from Mice Ön Mars and Scowl. Love Thy Neighbour were promoting the gig and curated this lineup of fresh talent for us to enjoy on this very windy weekend.
Guru are emerging at the forefront of the city’s raucous punk scene. Evoking heady comparisons to indie figureheads Shame and Fat White Family, the punk quartet’s latest material is a thrilling insight into the world of Guru with potent lyricism, crunching riffage and bold, visceral approach demonstrating their electrifying potential and firmly justifying the hype.
Scowl live at the Prince Albert, Brighton 08.02.20 (pics Sara-Louise Bowrey Photography) (click on pics to enlarge!)
Scowl
First to the stage is Scowl at 8:20pm. A trio consisting of Jack Parker, Sadie Lewcock and Dom Vian, who are a psychedelic punk band from Kent. They are exploring new ways to create music with energy, attitude and anger. Gritty guitar riffs, hard-hitting drums, punchy bass lines and otherworldly noises create the sound of SCOWL.
The three of them come to the stage with their shoes off, but socks still on and jump straight into their set of provocative songs and gravelly shredding guitar licks. The frontman is shirtless and has a six-pack and pecks drawn onto his chest in blue sharpie. The vibe being given off from him and the band is guttural and abrasive. Their use of odd guitar rhythms and sharp wire rusted solos is fresh and exciting to hear as a small pit breaks out in front of the band.
They play a song titled ‘Nigel’ which is dedicated to their friend Nigel, (anyone else thinking of the XTC hit single? – Ed) who couldn’t make it that night. There is a large amount of fuzz and drive in the mix being pushed forward by the deep bass and fairly unintelligible frontman. He leaves the stage to enter into the crowd for some pushing and shoving while still barking off war cries through the heavy haze. The group drips in power and slime as they play their last song ‘DOG’, which has a sharp intro leading into sawing chords that rattle through the audience. Mid song they break a string and say “f*ck it” and try to keep playing, which is real props to them. They end to howling applause and leave the stage drenched in sweat ready for the next band to play
Scowl setlist:
‘Don’t You See It’
‘Lord Porno’
‘The Virgin’
‘Nigel’
‘Pink Flowers’
‘DOG’
Mice Ön Mars live at the Prince Albert, Brighton 08.02.20 (pics Sara-Louise Bowrey Photography) (click on pics to enlarge!)
Mice Ön Mars
Next to the stage at 10 past 9 is the five-piece Mice Ön Mars. Born and bred in the North East of Yorkshire, Mice Ön Mars have built a reputation as one of the best young live bands of the moment. Having moved to London last year, they found a comfortable seat in some of the finest venues South London has to offer such as The Windmill in Brixton and are a vital part of the emerging punk scene in the UK. Making Post-Punk music with dark but humorous themes and topics of the now.
The boys come to the stage wearing shirts, blazers and trousers giving a fairly smart and retro look, the drummer even has sunglasses on, at night, inside a dark room. They launch into their set of quick and sharp tracks while moving across the stage in a hyperactive manner. They deliver rolling sandy grooves which are interlaced with political rambling and remarks being spat out at rapid pace. The sound is wirey at points with crunchy drums backing up the rear and delivering a marching beat. At this point, the upstairs room of The Prince Albert is heating up quite significantly.
The music is dense and provides a solid message of individuality and action. The frontman brings out a tambourine and bangs it against his head while singing about Brexit and the British people. There is a bit of movement from the crowd at this point as everyone is getting excited. At some point through the gig, one of the windows on the left side of the stage gets smashed in some way, but this does give some pleasant relief from the heat brewing with the room.
They end on ‘Fit For Work’, which is a real tune and would recommend giving a try if it’s available to stream. They leave the stage to whoops and applause while some workers at the venue attempt to patch up the broken window with duct tape and cardboard ready for the next band.
Mice Ön Mars setlist:
‘Hero’
‘Year Of The Mouse’
‘Lead A Horse To Water’
‘Icke’
‘Gandhi Might Be Wrong’
‘Hard Done By’
‘The Good Old Days’
‘Fit For Work’
Guru live at the Prince Albert, Brighton 08.02.20 (pics Sara-Louise Bowrey Photography) (click on pics to enlarge!)
At 10pm it’s time for the main event being Guru. They are a Brighton based four-piece consisting of Tommy (vocals), Kieran (guitar), Ferg (bass) and Olly (drums). They come bearing the confidence of a band gagging to push things further. Channelling a fizzing strain of eyeball-popping, provocative psych-flecked punk. They produce some brutalist indie rock, worth comparing to those initial Shame cuts or even elements of the Fat White Family. Picking apart modern relationships in an era of hyper-capitalism, it is reminiscent of everyone from Wire to Sports Team, that kind of barbed, deeply British take on art-punk. Having been chosen to support Tunbridge Well stars Slaves on upcoming tours this clearly shows that they have earnt their metal and are on this their first sold-out headline show, which is set to deliver a huge performance of showmanship and combustion.
They come to the stage loud and aggressive from the start. Showing their established fan base the right night tunes and movements from the get-go. Within their first song, ‘Consumer Helpline’, the upstairs room of the venue devolves into a hot sweaty mosh with pints of beer cascading over the energetic masses, including onto our photographer and her camera!
The room is packed to bursting, as they deliver heavy squealing guitars and lashes of vocal superiority into the crowd. Tommy has a great voice for commanding and dominating the space tearing itself apart at this point. Its highly stylised music snarling the new British sound of the times. The frontman proceeds to leave the stage and enter the audience to fall to the floor and spasm as guitar shreds overhead. He also strips down to his pants and throws beer over the sweatbox which the venue has transformed into.
The frontman of Scowl is having the time of his life getting onto the shoulders of someone in the audience and being thrown about over the cataclysmic sounds. These guys are working-class heroes shouting off lines to the audience such as “Long live socialism” and “Anyone wants a pint after this?”. They offer a Cherry B to the audience and also all crack one each to cool off between songs.
The floor of the venue can be felt moving up and down with the waves of movement underfoot. The set never loses energy at any point and is triumphant to the end, which does finish in the whole band launching themselves onto the gang of loyal fans beneath to crowd surf. It was a really high energy enjoyable performance of antics and tunes which leaves the crowd satisfied, sweaty and bruised.
Guru setlist:
‘Consumer Helpline’
‘Daddy’s Date’
‘Suntrap’
‘Hoarse’
“Jam”
‘Roses’
‘Better Days’
‘In For A Penny’
“Jam”
‘T5’
‘Don’t Talk’
‘LTD’.INJAZ Bahrain has recently conducted the 12th edition of Young Entrepreneurs Competition that witnessed student entrepreneurs from around the Kingdom competing to obtain the coveted Awards.
Al Iman Private Schools (Boys) team- Ahmed Hassan Almannai, Mubarak Khalid Bin Hindi, Abdulla Salah Abuzaid, Ali Adel Mohammed, Isa Jassim Alrumihi, Mohamed Hamad Alhajri- won the High School Product of the Year Award for their innovative Wain Adriss under the coordination of Mohamed Ishaq.
The team shares the details of Wain Adriss with Bahrain This Week.
Can you detail Wain Adriss for our readers?
Wain Adriss App is an application intended for students and designed to work on smartphones. It aims to help university and school students to find suitable places to study in the Kingdom of Bahrain, in addition to providing the best prices and discounts to students from various stores participating in the application.
Our App is available on the Apple App Store at present time. It focuses primarily on supporting pioneering projects in the Kingdom of Bahrain and marketing for them with expressive images of the shop, working hours, data of communication with the store and its location. Features and profiles available in it serve students. More than 800 people have downloaded the application so far.
How did the idea of Wain Adriss originate?
From the beginning of the team’s launch in November 2019, we have endeavoured to research and investigate realistic problems in our society that require practical solutions. When we found the way to the problem that students in general and university students and higher studies, in particular, are suffering from, such as students ’lack of knowledge of the appropriate places to study, and the majority going to the same known stores In the Kingdom of Bahrain, thus crowding and inconvenience occurs, the students not finding a quiet place to study at the time- we have striven to provide a solution to this problem in the form of a smartphone application that is easy, simple and available to everyone.
How long did it to develop the app?
Work on the application continued for about three months, and it took all this time due to the high cost of options available for the application, and a large number of alternatives and methods available for the application
Who are the participating vendors?
From starting day to this date we have 26 coffee shop participating with the App such as mama mocha, Tea club, White sugar, Beans and Java, Uncle Sam Caffe and other Coffee Shops located in different areas in Bahrain. We have one shared work place (DIWAN HUB) that provide tremendous options for the student to work and collaborate.
What’s the next project for your team?
Our Next Project is to develop a second version of the App that works on Android platform, where our current App works only on iOS phones (Apple iPhone and tablets).Arsenal had a dramatic 2-1 home win over Newcastle putting them just a point behind third-placed Tottenham in the Premier League.
Early on in the match Hatem Ben Arfa put Newcastle ahead with his goal - but the lead lasted less than a minute.
Robin van Persie equalised for Arsenal, scoring his 33rd goal of the season.
And then Thomas Vermaelen hit his amazing winner for the Gunners in the final few minutes of the game.
Arsenal are now just a point away from their fellow London rivals Tottenham, who had enjoyed a 12-point cushion over the Gunners just six games ago.Management Tools
Customer Journey Analysis helps a company see its products or services through its customers’ eyes. A customer’s journey is the sum of all experiences he or she has while interacting with a company or brand. That journey can be mapped and then analyzed in its full context, providing insight that companies can then use to design products and services that help customers achieve their objectives as effectively and efficiently as possible.
How a customer’s journey plays out across channels—searching online, talking to a contact center agent, visiting a store, buying online—is valuable data that can be challenging to stitch together, but it is especially important to grasp. Sophisticated research helps companies understand their customers’ actual experience in a variety of settings and links that to business results, such as a customer’s likelihood of becoming a Net Promoter® of the company or rates of product purchase.
Today, Customer Journey Analysis draws insights from large quantities of historical customer and operations data (Big Data), an approach that is especially helpful when identifying complex patterns in customer journeys. Increasingly, this analysis is designed to be predictive. The ultimate goal is to use real-time data to take actions that immediately improve each customer’s experience. A similar analysis of employee experiences can help improve service level.
Usage and satisfaction among survey respondents
What Customer Journey Analysis does:
- Analyzes all steps and aspects of customer interactions
- Combines data about each interaction with information about the impact on customer satisfaction, loyalty and business economics
- Connects performance metrics previously held by separate business units to illuminate how a customer experiences a service from start to finish
- Better interprets data from a customer’s experience by connecting pieces to each other and to customers’ perceptions of value
- Illuminates where there is waste in the journey—waste of customers’ time and of company resources—especially across distribution channels, revealing opportunities to reduce the cost of serving customers while also improving the customer experience
Companies use Customer Journey Analysis to:
- Understand customers’ goals and what leaves them satisfied or frustrated
- Identify gaps between what a business thinks it is delivering and what a customer actually experiences
- Improve customer relationships with the company
- Enable mangers to run their businesses around customer episodes (namely, interactions such as paying a bill or researching a purchase) rather than around internal organizational silos (such as managing the help desk or accounts payable)
- Gain insights into which sequence of events leads a customer to a positive result or an unsatisfactory one
- Reduce customer complaints and turnover rates
- Define successful performance
- Increase performance first by doing well what customers value most and then by linking each step of the experience in order to make it feel seamless and easy to navigate
- Cut costs by decreasing waste, cycle times and time to market
Management Tools & Trends
Five key trends emerged from Bain's survey of 1,268 managers.
Net Promoter®, Net Promoter System®, Net Promoter Score® and NPS® are registered trademarks of Bain & Company, Inc., Fred Reichheld and Satmetrix Systems, Inc.
Selected references
Bradley, Katrina, and Richard Hatherall. “Mastering the Episodes that Count with Customers.” Bain.com, June 30, 2015.
du Toit, Gerard, Rob Markey, Jeff Melton, and Frédéric Debruyne. “Running the Business through Your Customer’s Eyes.” Bain.com, February 9, 2017.
Lichaw, Donna. The User’s Journey: Storymapping Products That People Love. Rosenfelt Media, 2016.
Patton, Jeff. User Story Mapping: Discover the Whole Story, Build the Right Product. O’Reilly Media, 2014.
Richardson, Adam. “Using Customer Journey Maps to Improve Customer Experience.” Harvard Business Review, November 15, 2010.
Webb, Nicolas J. What Customers Crave: How to Create Relevant and Memorable Experiences at Every Touchpoint. AMACOM, 2016.Jacksonville passed the 80,000 mark for total cases of coronavirus Friday, according to Florida Department of Health data released Friday.
There are now 80,580 infections in Jacksonville since the outbreak began in March. It’s a bump of nearly 3,000 cases in the past week in Jacksonville. While the figures keep increasing, the rate has started to slow down a bit after Jacksonville saw some days earlier this month where the new case count was jumping by about 1,000 per day.
Jacksonville now has 898 deaths caused by the disease, up four from Thursday, but up 34 since Jan. 22.
Along the five-county First Coast region there are now 123,717 cases of COVID-19. That’s a jump of 1,134 infections in one day. That’s the biggest single day increase for infections in the region since Jan. 22 when there were 119,012 cases, a jump of 1,146 cases from the day before.
The Northeast Florida region has now amassed 1,441 deaths caused by the pandemic, up 12 from Thursday.
Elsewhere on the First Coast:
— St. Johns County now has 18,085 cases and added one death Friday for a total of 161.
— Clay County has now tallied 15,170 infections while holding steady at 243 deaths.
— Nassau County now has 6,881 cases. But the lightly populated county added seven new deaths Friday for a total of 91.
— Baker County now has 3,001 cases but held steady at 48 deaths.
Across Florida, three are now 1,698,570 coronavirus infections and 26,685 deaths caused by the pandemicSMB Elite Marketing Coach
Helping Law Firms Go Bigger.
ABOUT THE PROGRAM
Your law firm’s pathway to lead overflow.
Until you get into “lead overflow”, THAT is your number one problem.
SMB Elite Marketing Coach is solely focused on the REVENUE-GENERATING MOVES you must make to get into “lead abundance.”
Until your law firm has one proprietary marketing system that executed, that’s ALL you should be thinking about.
We won’t stop until you reach lead overflow.
WHY ELITE
You’re no longer on an island.
Newsflash: your team isn’t going to push you outside of your comfort zone or current capacity. They (likely) believe that more growth = more work for them.
Stop abandoning new growth-ideas, and surround yourself with an uncompromising, growth-obsessed group of individuals with SMB Elite Marketing Coach.
WHAT THE PROGRAM ENTAILS
You’re growth and accountability system.
- Live Quarterly Workshops
This isn’t about jumping up and down. This is about execution: setting the precise marketing standards you will execute on, who’s responsible and DOING IT.
- Private Group Mastermind and Coaching
After you set the strategy you’re going to follow, who will hold you accountable? The private mastermind + coaching we offer will ensure you stick through on your goals.
- Weekly “Power Tool” Execution Workshops
With our weekly Business “Power Tool” and Marketing “Power Tool” workshops, you will never have a problem with executing anything big (ever again)
Ready to get started?
SMB Elite Marketing Coach is the industry’s ONLY marketing and execution focused coaching program. For now, Bill is the coach, until we hit 67 attorneys.Get the Best Priced Chevrolet Antenna
- Fast Shipping
- 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee
- Lowest Prices
Chevrolet Replacement Car Antennas
For affordable design and long service life consumers can count on the innovation of Chevrolet, a well-known vehicle manufacturer. If you purchase a new car, you are buying a group of features that are only as good as the parts they use. Although they aren't critical components such as your engine, the less crucial features of your car may be quite important to having the full pleasure from the car you spend all that time and energy on. Sometimes, your car or truck's Chevrolet Antenna won't function correctly because its wiring is corroded or unhooked. Your Chevrolet Antenna can snap if it is bent by a shearing force, or can sometimes corrode; either way, top quality replacement components are readily available. Chevrolet Antennas work by marshalling transmitted radio signals from the air then sending them to your car's radio set. When taking lengthy drives, on county roads or urban congestion, the radio is a source of music and talk. Picking up a strong signal, though, is dependent on the good function of your vehicle's Chevrolet Antenna. Your car or truck's Chevrolet Antenna is sometimes inside the vehicle frame, mounted to the hood, or may deploy when in use but be retracted in the frame otherwise.
>...
I found partsgeek.com when I did a google search to find a clutch kit for my beloved old '89 Honda Civic hatchback. I saved so much that I was also able to afford to buy 2 new struts for the hatch,...Fixing your dishwasher is easy
This excerpt from the user's manual can explain the problem of your water pipe.
"... Choose the program you wish to use by pressing the program selection button (4). You can follow the progress of the current program from the program indicator (9) on the display. The program number will increase by one each time the program selection button is pressed (the number of programs set may vary depending on the model you have purchased). Before connecting the unit to the mains, it is important to check: The producer cannot be held responsible for damage resulting from faulty grounding of the appliance. Check with this part that there are no bends in the drain hose (the drain hose must not exceed 40 cm from the ground and must have a minimum diameter of 4 cm...."
FAURE FDF2330WA, FDF2330880, FDF23308845, FDF23308890, FDF233088135, FDF233088180
Manufacturer's part price is £18.13 Discount for bulk (starting at 10 units), £17.53 per unit
This manufacturer part is recomended by FAURE, which gives it a 10/10 rating.
This spare part is recommended for your FAURE FDF2330WA dish washer .
All spare parts are new and come with a 1 year warranty
Compatible part price is £3.31 Discount for bulk (starting at 10 units), £3.20?We recently headed to Sorrento for my birthday and Adam booked us in at the Relais Blu which is located in Massa Lubrense, just to the west of the city. Nestled in the side of the hills that overlook Naples Bay and the Island of Capri, Relais Blu offers beautiful views and a tranquil environment to relax. It took about an hour and twenty minutes to get here from Naples Airport and the roads that lead to it offer stunning views of both the Gulf of Naples and the Amalfi Coast.
A Review of Relais Blu
The Room
Let’s start with the most important part of any hotel stay; the room. Our room was light and airy with beautiful views of the Gulf of Naples and just off to the side, the island of Capri. The bed faced the window and it was lovely to just lie there in the morning watching the boats heading past to Capri.
We were in a double superior sea view room which was rather large and came with a whirlpool bath and waterfall shower. in the bathroom. Other amenities included WiFi, a safe, minibar, Sky TV and of course air-con.
Breakfast is also included in with the price of your room and you can choose to have this on the terrace restaurant overlooking or delivered to your room.
The Hotel
So I’ve briefly mentioned breakfast but I thought I’d give a little more detail. If you have it on the terrace you’ll be treated to made to order omelettes, eggs or pancakes and can then help yourself to a buffet including cereals, fruit, lots of lovely Italian cakes and bread for toast.
As the hotel is literally built into the side of the hilly terrane, the facilities are spread out. It’s about a 7-minute walk to get to the infinity pool from your room and you have to go up to the top level of the hotel to get to it.
But let’s talk about that infinity pool. I’ve never laid by a pool that has been so tranquil and had such a beautiful view. The pool also has a built-in jacuzzi and easy access steps to get in and out. There’s also a pool bar and you can order food and drinks to be delivered to your sunbed. No money changes hands at the hotel and everything is charged to your room to be settled at the end of your stay. There’s also plenty of shade if you’re not a sunbather with lots of umbrellas available.
One of the only downsides to this hotel is that if you don’t have a car, it’s not an ideal base for Sorrento. Taxies were €30 each way and it soon added up.
The Restaurant
Adam has confessed that one of the reasons he booked this hotel was to eat at the restaurant on my birthday. There are two restaurants on-site and we only ate at one of them – ‘Il Relais Blu’ – a Michelin starred restaurant from famed Italian Chef Roberto Allocca.
There are three tasting menus to select from all with matched wines to go with them. Menus are constantly changing as Roberto Allocca is famed for using the very best of the fresh produce available at the time. Our menu was the following:
- Roasted Lobster with potatoes, snow peas, crispy raviolo and crustacean zabaglione
- Oyster Risotto with celery, fresh cheese and green apples
- Mezzi Paccheri Pasta with anchovy’s tartare, sea asparagus and hazelnut milk sauce
- Filet of Red mullet with pine seeds crust, whelks ragout and escarole sauce
- The Duck – breast glazed with honey, leg confit on aprocit bread
- Pre Dessert
- The Peach – a chocolate peach, mousse filled with red wine flavoured jelly, almonds and ice cream
Our tasting menu was seven courses and was €100 each. We opted for the matched wine which was €55 per head. If you are thinking of doing it, the whole table has to have the same menu and the matched wine.
We really enjoyed the food and as per usual, even though the food does not look filling, we were uncomfortably full by the time we went to bed. While the food was excellent, the service wasn’t the greatest and there were a few times we looked at each other as if to say ‘what on earth?’. The main ones were when they served food while I was in the toilet (never experienced this in a Michelin starred restaurant before) and took my wine before I was done without asking.
Final Thoughts
Overall we really loved staying at the Relais Blu Hotel and it was certainly the perfect birthday treat. I think when we head to Sorrento again (because it will be a ‘when’ not an ‘if’) we would probably stay somewhere a little more central but that does not take away from anything the Relais Blu had to offer and would definitely recommend it to people.
It’s also a wedding venue and would honestly be perfect. I can think of no better backdrop to get married in front of.
If you’d like to see more of our trip to Sorrento including Capri and Pompeii, check out my vlog from our time there. There’s also a room tour if you’d like to see more of the Relais Blu.
You might also like:
Pin it for later:
CWN - On June 20 and 21, participants in the Holy and Great Council of the Orthodox Church discussed “The Mission of the Orthodox Church in Today’s World,” one of six draft documents on the council’s agenda.
The draft document, which received unanimous approval from the heads of the 14 Orthodox churches in January, is subtitled “the contribution of the Orthodox Church in realizing peace, justice, freedom, fraternity and love between peoples, and in the removal of racial and other discriminations.”
In recent weeks, four of the 14 churches decided not to send delegations to the council.
The draft document has six chapters:
- The Dignity of the Human Person
- Freedom and Responsibility
- Peace and Justice
- Peace and the Aversion of War
- The Attitude of the Church Toward Discrimination
- The Mission of the Orthodox Church as a Witness of Love through Service
Discussion of this document began in 1976, and the subtitle-- originally the document’s title-- dates from 1986.
References:.
TAV IT General Manager Binnur Güleryüz Onaran has made a speech at the meeting and explained the importance given by TAV Airports Holding to mobile technologies. The users of TAV Mobile Application, developed by TAV IT that can be downloaded to smart phones and Tablet PCs for free, can access the flight info instantly and keep track of the current discounts at duty-free stores, besides get useful information about HAVAŞ airport-city transfer shuttles, metro and car rental.
Developed to enhance customer satisfaction, an issue of significant importance for TAV Airports, TAV Mobile application can be referred to get useful information and help for the airports operated by TAV Airports including Istanbul Atatürk, Ankara Esenboğa, Izmir Adnan Menderes, Enfidha and Monastir in Tunusia, Skopje in Macedonia, Tbilisi and Batumi in Georgia.Festival Grounds Description
The Touchdowns and Tunes Tailgate Party grounds are OUTDOOR TERRAIN. While the grounds are relatively flat, some areas can be difficult to maneuver for those with mobility disabilities. There will be a golf cart available to assist with transportation for those with a mobility disability. The golf cart is NOT wheelchair accessible. The golf cart will stop running when the crowd size gets too large to avoid safety hazards.
Accessible Seating
Viewing Areas for Patrons with Mobility Disabilities: Touchdowns and Tunes provides viewing areas within each seating zone for those with mobility disabilities. Space within the Grandstand GA and Tailgate GA are available on a first come, first served basis. Tailgate GA is an open, flat area where chairs and wheelchairs are permitted. An ADA pass is not required for these areas.
Space within VIP-SRO and VIP-RSVD is available only with a designated ADA Pass available through our ticketing platform here!
VIP-PIT is NOT available for ADA patrons due to safety issues.
Only patrons who use wheelchairs, scooters, or other mobility devices are able to use ADA areas. Please refer to the map above to see all ADA accessible areas. Only those who have mobility disabilities may use mobility devices on the grounds. Manually powered mobility aids such as walkers, crutches, canes, braces, knee scooters, etc. are allowed.
For those without mobility disabilities or those who do not use wheelchairs, scooters, or other mobility devices, we recommend a VIP-RSVD or Tailgate GA pass. VIP-RSVD includes a dedicated chair all weekend long and Tailgate GA permits lawn chairs. VIP-SRO and VIP-PIT are both standing room only areas and are NOT ADA accessible.
Companions are permitted with those with mobility disabilities in the designated ADA areas. One adult (18 or older) may stay with the patron with a disability. ALL companions must purchase their own festival pass.
Accessible portable toilets will be available on-site.
ADA Parking
ADA parking is available on the festival grounds and is available on a first come, first served basis. Any vehicle parking in the ADA area MUST hold a government issued accessible parking tag, placard, sticker or license plate. The person with the disability to whom the accessible parking tag is issued must be in the vehicle. This parking is FREE while quantities last.
Service Animals
While NO pets are allowed on the TNT grounds, service pets ARE permitted. All service animals must be labeled as such and have current vaccination records.
Medication and Special Dietary Needs
Bring only enough medication for your personal use for the number of days you will be traveling. An excess amount of medication is not allowed. Medication must be in prescription packaging with prescription label matching photo ID. Small personal bag coolers with medications that must be kept refrigerated are permitted and are subject to search..
Newer and/or Related Articles
NBC May Order 100 Episodes of New Roseanne Sitcom
Jul 1, 2013
Roseanne: A Cast Reunion on The Oprah Winfrey Show?
Feb 14, 2011
Blossom: Don’t Miss the Cast Reunion… on ‘Til Death?
May 7, 2010
Round Two: What’s the Best Sitcom in TV History?
Apr 20, 2010
The Big Bang Theory: Jim Parsons Talks About How CBS TV Show Could End
Nov 14, 2008
Roseanne: Watch Online Video of the TV Show’s Shocking Last Moments
Nov 10, 2008
The Golden Girls: Estelle Getty Dies, Farewell Sophia
Jul 22, 2008
The Big Bang Theory
Jul 8, 2008
Roseanne: Whatever Happened to Dan, Roseanne, Darlene, and the Rest?
Jun 12, 2008
Harvey Korman: A Tribute to the Veteran Comedian
May 30, 2008
The Facts of Life: Whatever Happened to Mrs. Garrett, Blair, Jo, Tootie, Natalie, and the Rest?
Apr 17, 2008
Bewitched: Alice Ghostley Leaves a Long Career
Sep 24, 2007
Where Are They Now? Some Green Room Chatter for September 18, 2007
Sep 18, 2007
-
Where Are They Now? Green Room Chatter for September 4, 2007
Sep 4, 2007
Frasier: A Cast Reunion? How About Star Trek?
Apr 18, 2007
Gilligan’s Island: Part 5, The Characters Live On
Feb 8, 2006
Cheers: Part 4, Where Are They Now?
Dec 30, 2005
{ 32 comments… read them below or add one }
← Previous Comments
I
Rosanne is a brilliant writer and comedian. Was the show perfect? Nope. Were the episodes when her last name was Arnold particularly bad? Yes. Was the ending controvercial and unexpected? Yes. The way she rolls the plight of the poor, blue collar families with social issues and comedy is astounding. I was Darlene. I get it. I struggled to pull myself from that plight. It doesn’t matter that the details don’t line up. It’s the message that matters. Rosey always thought that the girls were with the wrong boys and that’s why she switched them in the story. I think perhaps she was saying that poor people sitting around hoping to win the lottery or becoming professional athletes is a waste of time. Life is tough. Just ask the guy that played Mark. We should enjoy the lives we lead and not waste our time on pipe dreams. agree with you completely on all of that. My dad is a LEANER version of Dan. Very much into sports, yet laid back, close with his kids, great sense of humor, but very protective of his family and has a great set of values.
On a ironic note, I from the Quad Cites. One of the towns mentioned often(including where Roseanne/Jackie were supposedly raised is part of the Quad Cities. Moline, Illinois. I have been to moline a zillion times. I have been to all the towns in Illinois that they mentioned. I even have been to all the IOWA towns they mentioned as well. Including Davenport, which is ALSO part of the Quad Cities. Just makes it more interesting watching the show and have them talk about towns you know are real and have spent in some cases lots of time there!.
No the ending wasn’t reasonable or fe asible. I am a HUGE Roseanne fan. However, the last season you could tell Roseanne got way to much through of her own thought process on the shows. Things got way out of hand and to the point of it being illogical. However, is it likely for someone to become a writer, and write fictional events like she claimed? Sure. However, way before Dan’s heart attack, you have to remember how old Darlene was when Becky and Mark started dating. I believe she was 11 or 12. Mark was already much older then her. The thought of them dating wouldn’t have made sense. The finale, and what she said “happened” Destroyed events BEFORE the heart attack. Therefore, I can’t promite the finale as good in anyway. I am cool, with her being a writer, but destroying events from season 4 on up was completely wrong, and a bad decision on her part. Period.
I think Roseanne was one of the funniest thing coming down the pike! Still do.
If I could change anything about the last season, especially towards the end, I would have had the family go to Chicago. Andy (Jackie’s son) and Jerry (Roseanne’s son) get sick and they have to go to the hospital. Who should happen to be one of the doctors on duty but George Clooney in a guest appearance. (Remember, at the time, he played Dr. Doug Ross, a pediatrician on E/R, based in CHICAGO.) Booker tells Jackie that after Wellman’s closed up he went back to college and became a doctor. He also tells her that he never forget her or lost interest in her. (Their characters dated on Roseanne.)
The final episode has Booker visit Lanford and tells Jackie he can’t live without her. Jackie and Andy wind up moving to Chicago with “Dr. Booker.”
I love Roseanne.
I still watch it every chance I get.
I did not care for the ending of killing off Dan-I loved his character and the actor.
← Previous Comments.
We
Investors cheered last week as the Dow climbed steadily each day of its abbreviated four-day span, and closed 2.4% higher than it began. But not everyone was happy. Up above you see five stocks that lost value even as everyone else was gaining. What went wrong?
Beginning at the bottom, shares of bonds-insurer MBIA continue to languish, victims of litigation risk. Several bankers are suing the insurer over its decision to segregate its unprofitable mortgage securities unit from the more profitable municipal bond insurance business. Already, similar claims have resulted in a $1.1 billion payout to Morgan Stanley.
Next up, First Solar was one of the biggest losers last week. Its stock got crushed when Germany (one of the biggest solar power markets) announced it was potentially cutting solar subsidies more rapidly than originally thought.
Travelzoo and Exact Sciences, in contrast, are showing weakness in response to no particular bad news. Travelzoo reports earnings Thursday, however, and the stock's weak showing last week may be a function of investors heading for the exits to avoid taking a larger hit. For its part, Exact Sciences' decline looks to me like investors cashing in their chips after the stock's post-upgrade run-up from the previous week.
And finally, we come to Johnson Controls.
The bull case for Johnson Controls
Last week, an earnings miss and guidance that underwhelmed cost Johnson about 10% of its market cap. For Foolish investors, though, this sounds like great news because it gives us a chance to buy the shares on sale.
CAPS member Astros13 characterizes Johnson as a "[d]iversified play on automotive sector. As things get better this high beta stock should outperform the market."
Turfscape believes that Johnson's "advanced battery division is poised for outstanding growth in conjunction with alternative fuel vehicles and alternative power systems (and power backup systems). Additionally, their building systems will benefit greatly from the increased demand for more efficient facilities."
And ContraryDude calls it a "good defensive stock" that "just raised dividend."
Indeed, today Johnson rewards its shareholders with a tidy 2.3% dividend yield on their shares. But that's not even the best part. The best part is that the shares themselves look cheap. At 13 times earnings, Johnson looks bargain-priced for the 17.4% long-term earnings growth that Wall Street expects it to produce.
Plus, some folks believe that Johnson will enjoy a pop as it returns to the mean valuation it's historically enjoyed. Over the past five years, the average P/E at Johnson has been closer to 23 than to the 13 times earnings Johnson shares fetch today.
Foolish takeaway
Now, there are caveats to this theory. For example, Johnson's currently not generating free cash flow from its business. (That's a no-no in my book.) But for Fools who believe that P/E is the better measure of a company's value, there's certainly an argument to be made that a move from 13 times earnings toward a more historically common 23-times ratio means Johnson's poised for a bounce.
CAPS members like ContraryDude are impressed by Johnson Controls' respectable 2% dividend yield -- but did you know you can do even better than that? Read our new report, and learn how you can "Secure Your Future With 11 Rock-Solid Dividend Stocks."
At the time thisarticle was published The Motley Fool owns shares of First Solar, andMotley Fool newsletter serviceshave recommended buying shares of First Solar and Travelzoo, but Fool contributorRich Smithdoes not own shares of, nor is he short, any company named above.You can find him on CAPS, publicly pontificating under the handleTMFDitty, where he's currently ranked No. 339.I began the presentations on the 2nd day of the Pepperdine OMET/MALT Alumni Conference. I shared how my own Cadre 9 Action Research impacted my teaching and my student’s experiences. I also shared how I built a PLN through Google Teacher Academy, meeting edtech teachers & Teacher Librarians on Twitter, presenting at conferences, co-founding edcampPDX
(Read More…)Home News Pollard: No words to describe what Gayle has done for West Indies The West Indies will look for inspiration from Chris Gayle, who has been part of every T20 World Cup since the inaugural edition in South Africa in 2007. Ayan Acharya Chennai 16 October, 2021 20:23 IST Chris Gayle of the West Indies after a match in Port of Spain, Trinidad And Tobago. - Getty Images Ayan Acharya Chennai 16 October, 2021 20:23 IST The focus on six-hitting has been the foundation of the West Indies’ batting approach in the T20s. Three of the top five six-hitters in T20 cricket are all from the West Indies – Chris Gayle (1042), Kieron Pollard (758), and Andre Russell (510).And Pollard, the West Indies captain for the 2021 T20 World Cup, acknowledged his side’s power-packed batting. “We have seen it all over the world. That is the way we go about our cricket,” Pollard said on Saturday. "A lot of people, analysts at different times, harp on dot balls, singles, ones and twos. Everything is important, but we still have to play to our strengths. I'm not going to say what that is because then the heading will be 'West Indies strength is just hitting sixes'(smiles).“We have our weaknesses. And we continue to work on them. We have a lot of powerful guys in our lineup, However, we also have batters who can rotate strike, run between the wickets. We look forward to playing complete games of cricket and let the results take care of themselves.”READ | Namibia board CEO: We are going to cause an upset West Indies will look for inspiration from 42-year-old Gayle, who has been part of every T20 World Cup since the inaugural edition in South Africa in 2007. Last month, Gayle had left the IPL bubble to “mentally recharge and refresh” before joining WI for the World Cup. Asked about Gayle’s longevity, Pollard said: “There are no words to describe what he has done for us in T20 World Cups and T20 cricket around the world. The guy with the most amount of runs (sic), the most amount of sixes, the fear he instills in bowlers when he is standing at the opposite end. “The conversation for us will be trying to win the World Cup and defend the title. Gayle took a break recently because he thought he needed it. After all, this is another big tournament for him. Moving from bubble to bubble is very difficult and if a guy who enjoys himself in any given situation can’t take it then it will be difficult for some of us. We are backing him to do well.” Read more stories on News. For more updates, follow Sportstar on :Mainstream Media
It ain’t just Islam…
This is arguably one of the more bizarre stories I have read. Ever.
A..
The top management of Tesco supermarkets are cowards who have given in to demands for censorship..
Craven
The retailer of “naughty things” Ann Summers has apologized over a lingerie range named “Isis”…
Not to be confused with…
>>IMAGE!!!
Fruity Girls
Today.
The Daily Fail…
One of today’s headlines…
A Metro fit for monarchy: The ‘courting car’ that Diana used while she was daring Prince Charles is put on display.
Surely “dating” not “daring”?
Although attempting to drive a Metro is somewhere on the courageous to foolhardy spectrum for they were fucking dreadful. I had driving lessons in ‘em At one point the gear-stick became detached from the entire transmission leaving me locked in third. My instructor sucked through his teeth and stated this, “happens all the time”. Somehow he managed to get the 1L engined thing back to base (nice drivin’!) and fixed. I wasn’t charged.
But back to the Mail. They do these sort of errors all the time and there is no excuse.
MSN bigotry
Crassology – Dixon style.
Last.
Media
My.
It was true then, it remains true today
“Mr Bond, they have a saying in Chicago: ‘Once is happenstance. Twice is coincidence. The third time it’s enemy action‘.”
Auric Goldfinger
MSNBC at its best
Barque to the Future…
This.
RIP – Peaches Geldof (13 March 1989 – 7 April 2014)
It must be true because I read about it in the Daily Mail…
[Editorial note - this story is from a while back but I've been sick as a mangy hound with nastiness so never finished it. I'm back now.]
… except it isn’t. Since childhood I have been an aviation fanatic. I’m astigmatic, somewhat short sighted and RG colour blind. So when I started my degree I spoke to the recruiting officer for the East Midlands Universities Air Squadron and when I explained my ishoos I was told to politely eff off. Having said that would you really trust someone who had to be told what colour Corsodyl toothpaste is with hands on the throttle and stick of a something that costs more than David and Victoria Beckham’s house and can drop JDAMs?
Thought not.
Shame but fair enough I guess. Having said that the highest scoring fighter ace in British history, Major Edward “Mick” Mannock, Victoria Cross, Distinguished Service Order and Two Bars, Military Cross and Bar (61 confirmed kills, maybe 73) and that Irishman was blind in one eye (allegedly). He (allegedly) bribed someone in the medical section to get the sight-test chart and memorised it. I think they are a bit more careful these days. Never trust the Irish or the Daily Mail.
Why?
Prince Harry has created a scholarship to get wounded veterans behind the wheel of an iconic Spitfire.
A fine and noble goal except a Spitfire (do we need to be told it is “iconic”? Do we ever need to be told something that actually is iconic is “iconic”?) doesn’t have a wheel. No, seriously. This is a snarky piece but it is aimed against the Mail and not Harry. I knew a lass at Nottingham University who helped out with riding for the disabled. Imagine how freeing it is for a paraplegic to be astride a horse and to gain that speed, height and mobility. A Spit has rather more horses in the front so…
The scheme, inspired by Second World War pilot Douglas Bader, will see the strongest candidates move up from a Tiger Mother biplane, to a Harvard, to the bespoke craft.
A Tiger Mother? God help us! The Harvard though was the RAF’s LIFT at the time so OK there but what’s that with “bespoke”?
Oh, and we had many disabled pilots in WWII. One bloke had nose art on his Spitfire showing the arm he’d had blown off flicking the V-sign.
Harry, an Apache helicopter pilot, launched the scholarship by climbing into the cockpit of a Spitfire and starting it.
Er… He’s an Apache WSO. Whatever.
But this is astonishing…
The Mail caption is this, “Britain built about 20,000 Spitfires, but they became obsolete after the invention of the jet engine. Here, a fleet is pictured with wing commander Robert Stanford-Tuck for the 1968 film.”
I’m not even going to point out they are Hurricanes.
I can fact-check stuff in the press. But I have limits. I know about certain areas such as aviation, bits of physics, a few other odds and ends but that is my lot. Worrying isn’t it? How much can the media smuggle past you as “truth” if you don’t know the subject?
I’m just wear my Mr Sceptic hat. I’m not exactly accusing them of making things-up or even of cherry-picking things to reflect their views but of in a fundamental way not really caring about hard truth. I mean that in the sense that the Mail sees the truth of telling a heart-warming story of the dashing young prince driving fast cars for a good cause (which it is) is more important than the awkward little facts. They all do it. What we have to do is behave like small Danish boys and sometimes shout, “But I can see his willy!!!”.
Geraldo loses it
A Mrs. Powel of Philadelphia asked Benjamin Franklin, “Well, Doctor, what have we got, a republic or a monarchy?” With no hesitation whatsoever, Franklin responded, “A republic, if you can keep it.”
WOW!!
Geraldo criticises Bill O’Reilly for deminimising (wot?) Barack Obama.
For those outside the US who don’t, on the whole, watch that Superbowl thingie…
So the web site wasn’t tested before launch? Really?
He pretty much admits this? Really?
Obamacare, Benghazi, IRSCategories
Archives
Syndication
In Episode 92, Tucker takes you back out to a project he's been sitting on for over a year and is now starting to break ground on the new home. This is a half acre lot with an older home on it in a super desirable area in Lake Oswego. Tucker plans to take the house down and put up a larger luxury home that should sell for around $2 million. He walks you through the existing home and shows you what has been stripped out and why and gives you an overview of how the new home will sit on the lot. We hope you enjoy this episode and please leave us feedback and reviews!We have all the experience, knowledge and equipment you need for the success of your business.
About Profit Bi
Profit is a financial advisory boutique with a wide network of public and private clients. He has an important career in consulting, structuring, validation and closing of transactions in productive infrastructure (road, airports, rail systems, urban transport and telecommunications) and social (public buildings, hospitals, market places). Our partners have extensive experience in financial, local and international markets, obtaining resources through the banking system, capital markets and private equity funds.
Creative solutions for your financial needs.
Our knowledge and international partners will allow us to develop innovative financial structures and explore sources of financing.
Our Services
Project structuring and evaluation
We have extensive experience in structuring and evaluating infrastructure projects, including roads, airports, aqueducts, rail systems, public buildings and urban transport systems.
Merger and acquisition
We support our clients in the acquisition of assets, mergers, capitalizations and other operations, including search for opportunities and investors.
Financial advice
Advice for the preparation of economic offers in bidding processes for the concession of infrastructure projects as well for the strategic planning, financing, refinancing and / or restructuring of organizations or projects
Make an appointment
(571) 3131408
Our team
Our team has the skills, knowledge and experience to create solutions that meet the specific needs of our customers.
Our experience is the source of our<<Laem Sak, Ao Nang, Koh Klang,Lanta
ABSORB THE FEELINGS OF LIFE BY THE SEA
Laem Sak Community Tourism
Experience the community by enjoying the island hopping tour, 2 day 1 night sea kayaking with locals to visit a rare prehistoric of paint 3000 years, hands on activities including batik making, visit the sea-grapes seaweed farm and experiencing local foods. These programs are supporting all the local community.
Laem Sak is one of the hidden gems of Southern Thailand, with its beautiful sea, mangroves, islands, cultural diversification, foods, and rich natural resources. Being a community neighboring a fragile marine ecosystem, there was a real need to attract visitors to Ao Luk’s community-run long-tail boat trips, and traditional meals, as a more responsible way to experience the Andaman Sea.
While visiting the island you can experience the local way of life by participating in early morning fishing, model long-tail boat making or batik cloth production and enjoy the beautiful mangrove nature or nearby islands the next day.
ISLAND Community Resort Stay the village runs bungalows that can accommodate single travelers and study groups, with many cultural and ecotourism activities available around the area.
c2i Krabi Community Resort Laem Sak
Koh Lanta – Tung Yee Peng
Koh Lanta incorporate a mix of Buddhists, Thai-Chinese, Muslims, and sea gypsies.
Koh Lanta Community Tour – d1kl
Ao Nang – Ban Nateen
Ban NaTeen Community Tourism village is located in beautiful Ao Nang, Krabi Province, about 14 kilometers away from Krabi town.
There are 14 homestays, 86 community members and English speaking local guides that create culturally immersive activities like the art of creating Batik and weaving traditional roofing panels out of Nypa Palm leaf, that guests can participate in while staying with the local community, learning about their local way of life.
Tour program: One day tour, 2 day 1 night or 3 day 2 night for guests and study groups focusing on community connection.
Krabi Cultural Homestay Ban Na Teen – c2kn
Ao Nang – Ban Nong Talae
Ban Nong Talae Tourism Community has the unique characteristics of misty in the morning beautiful mountain scenery, large ponds and the local has a strong community base group in Ao Nang that has been actively working to promote sustainable tourism. Be welcomed into their daily life by rafting through the morning mist while taking a sip of coffee with Thai local dessert or kayaking in the lake during the day time and also bike tour to visit the traditional Thai house, swimming in the Klong Nam Sai (clear water stream) and then enjoy the traditional Thai lunch with local village.
Tour program: half day and One day tour in village
Sample Program Krabi 4 Villages
Ban Koh Klang
Koh Klang On.
Book Now! Contact A Local Expert!
Sample of 2 and 3 Day Koh Klang:
Day 1 – Cultural Exchange
Morning Start the tour in Krabi, at the Thara Public Park Pier, to meet your Andaman Discoveries translator for pre-trip briefing. Hop on a long-tail boat to the island of Koh Klang, were a motorcycle sidecar brings you to the village. Meet your hosts and take a walk through the village or go for a swim in the ocean.
Afternoon Lunch at Community Bungalow canteen with your hosts Design your own Batik textiles by painting colorful patterns on a sheer white cloth. Learn the process of long-tail boat making with fascinating stories from the people that build and use them all their lives. At last, experience the traditional processing of Khao Sang Yot, a special germinated brown rice.
Evening Have a traditional Southern Thai style BBQ with your host families and share your background stories. Spend the night in a simple and bungalow (mosquito net is provided).
Day 2 Island Tour
Morning Breakfast at the Community Bungalow Canteen with hosts and then take a long tail boat to adventure 4 remote islands in the crystal Andaman Sea and enjoy snorkeling and relax white sandy beaches at Kai island, Plub island, Por Dah island, Sand Bar and visit Cave island .
Afternoon Pick-nick lunch at the island with a prepared home made meal and share stories with the local guides. Continue to explore the islands with the local community
Evening Return to the community bungalow for a dinner with freshly-caught seafood and Thai curries. Spend a second night in your simple and comfortable bungalow.
Day 3 Natural Wonders
Morning Breakfast at Community Bungalow Canteen with hosts Participate in traditional fishing methods and collecting of shellfish. Head out with a local guide into the mangrove forest by long-tail boat and learn about this eco‐system and its importance to the village.
Afternoon Lunch at Community Bungalow Canteen with hosts, Pack and say goodbye to your friendly hosts, transfer back to the pier and boat ride to the main land, End of Program.
Inclusive:
- Transfer from Krabi to village
- Accommodation in homestay
- English speaking guide
- Activities and food full board as mention in the program
- National park fee
- Travel insurance
- Community fund for the village
- TAX
For more information on Klong Lu Village click here…
Book Now!
Contact A Local Expert!Your forever favourites
The brands everyone is talking about are waiting for you.
Tavi Noir
Luxury athletic apparel & premium grip
socks as unique & beautiful as you.
socks as unique & beautiful as you.
Fitgymwear
Activewear inspired by urban living. Crafted with pride in Cape Town.
Skin Creamery
Certified organic ingredients. Kind to your skin, kind to the earth.
Movepretty
A premium athleisure brand for active women.
Tatum Teale
Luxurious, seamless, multifunctional, comfortable. Handmade in CAPE TOWN.
VOORAY
Bags for the upcoming season & beyond
Onzie
Activewear for the bold in spirit
ToeSox
It’s like you’re bare foot…but even better.
Coconut Active
Ethically made in Brazil and South Africa Sustainable. Bold. Comfort
Shakti Shanti
Luxury Yoga & Athleisure Wear
Liquido
Enviro-friendly activewear
Earth Warrior®
Proudly South African brand of eco-friendly, plastic-free yoga & lifestyle gear.
Tavi Noir Grip Socks
Performance & Fun Grip Socks
Koko Active
Activewear designed to make you feel great! Proudly South African.
Strong
Luxury loungewear for modern living!
Lara Fay Activewear
Luxury performance-fashion for movement and beyond
Funky Pants
Ridiculously COMFY Funky Pants. Fighting boredom one pair at a time.Gents Bulova Futuro Black Automatic Skeleton Movement Watch 98A203
Sorry, currently out of stock
From the Futuro Automatic Collection. In black IP stainless steel, automatic self-winding movement with 40-hour power reserve and open aperture black dial with gold-tone accents, domed mineral glass, screw-back case, black IP stainless steel bracelet with double-press deployant closure, and water resistance to 30 meters. […]
Mercury Retrograde is never very much fun, and as a Gemini it always seems to affect me more because Mercury is my ruling planet. But this time Mercury is going retrograde from February 6-28 in quirky Aquarius and spiritual Pisces, so it might not be so bad.
The thing is, Mercury Retrograde at its best is a time to stop and think and rest and dream. Aquarius is very mental, and Pisces loves to fantasize, so this sounds like an OK combination to me.
Of course, Mercury will be spinning backward over Valentine’s Day, which isn’t the best news for lovers. And yes, there will still be troubles with technology and communications will go awry, but I do think fewer things will go wrong during this Mercury Retrograde than the last one. Aquarius and Pisces at Tarot.com »- Courtesy Photo / Immigration and Customs Enforcement
Guards.”
Do you have access to information about sexual assault or harassment in the El Paso ICE detention center or any ICE detention centers? Email lomi.kriel@propublica.org. Here’s how to send tips and documents to ProPublica securely.Stay on top of San Antonio news and views. Sign up for our Weekly Headlines Newsletter.You are in luck! In Apply4U, your helpful community jobsite with a huge cv database, you can find the Leisure Cvs in Ballymena you are looking for. Our humatic technology, our experts and our community of professionals, will help you cv search among millions of candidates with respect to jobs and match you with the most relevant Leisure resumes in Ballymena to your profile. Alternatively, use our professional services and we guarantee we will leave no stone unturned until we get you your dream Leisure candidate!
Not including results from our internal database
Normal
Normal
I am an extremely hard working, motivated and friendly individual. Throughout my years at school and college I have been able to develop a wide variety of skills and qualities especially in teamwork and communication. I have good basic skills and I am looking for practical work in a manufacturing or warehouse situation. I am willing to work hard and flexibly. I can work alone or in a team. I am keen to learn and succeed. I have a full clean driving licence and access to a car.
Industries manufacturing
Job Titles Production Operative
Skills Certificate of Appreciation Driving Licence
Qualifications BTEC GCSE Construction GCSE English GCSE Leisure & Tourism GCSE Mathematics GCSE R.E GCSE Science GCSE Technology Diploma Engineering
Normal
Sr. Network Security Engineer, Product Specialist Network Security Engineer
Seeking a challenging, growth-oriented position with an organization that will make effective utilization of my talent, experience, and interpersonal skills to fulfil the overall objectives of the organization.
Industries HR IT Multilingual
Job Titles Area HR Manager Graphic Web Designer Network Security SQL Hindi Translator Punjabi Translator Urdu Translator
Skills Fresh Firewalls Proxy Servers Troubleshooting Wi-Fi DLP Intrusion Detection System Intrusion Prevention System CCNA certified certified engineer
Qualifications B. TECH. Computer Science Engineering MatriculationNew updates every week, all features and user instructions are included in downloadable file.
Download nowDirect download link (Windows) ]
......................
Thank you for watching the video, do not forget to subscribe to the channel and put a like!
To install the software you need to download and run the installer. For peace of mind and confidence that the software does not contain viruses, the file is uploaded to YANDEX DISK & GOOGLE DRIVE without any passwords to the archive.
GOOGLE DISK:
YANDEX DISK:
Description:
Free Bitcoin Mining, bitcoin wallet, Cryptocurrency Mining, bitcoin, free bitcoin, bitcoin mining software free download, how
Download Free Bitcoin Mining Software (New Bitcoin Mining Software (New version 2020).
Download Free Bitcoin Mining Software (New version 2020) are up to date.
We are not responsible for any illegal actions you do with theses files. Download and use Download Free Bitcoin Mining Software (New version 2020) on your own responsibility.
Download nowDirect download link (Windows) ]Cone Crushers For Rent In Burkina Faso
Portable Dolomite Cone Crusher Provider Angola
Mobile dolomite crusher provider iron ore cone crusher for hire in angolaems 126 150 of 226 mobile gold ore jaw crusher price angola portable concrete plant suppliers in burkina faso gold mining crusher low price in mobile ...Get Price
stone crushers for rent
Stone Crusher Rental metalunicspecials. Mobile Stone Crusher Rent Amp Hire Services Oreplus. ...Get Price
Stationary Crushing Plant
Crushing plant is onestop crushing installation, which can be used for rock crushing, garbage crushing, building materials crushing and other similar operations. Crushing plants may be either fixed or plants make use of a large range of equipment, such as a prescreener, loading conveyor, intake hopper, magnetic separator, crushing unit, such as jaw crushers and cone crusher etc.Get Price
India Portable Cone Crushers For Rent
Cone Crusher On Rent In India. · Cone Crusher on Rent in India. There are many small mine and quarry operators in India, they can't afford huge investment cost for complete new crushing equipment. There are cone crusher for rent in India with low price.Get Price
cone crusher eukimuyt cedarapids in armenia
Cone Crusher > Cedarapids provides a complete range of crushing and screening equipment to customers around the world...As a leading global manufacturer of crushing equipment, milling equipment,dressing equipment,drying equipment and briquette equipment etc. we offer advanced, rational solutions for any sizereduction requirements, including ...Get Price
Côté Archives
The.Get Price
International Company Profile | Heavy Equipment ....Get Price
ROC IMPACT BURKINA FASO After Sales Service. Quartier : PagLayiri 04. bp 607 Ouaga 04 Ouagadougou. BURKINA FASO. + (226) 25 38 00 98. Jonathan HOLLAND + (33) 6 77 86 68 32 David HOLLAND + (33) 6 07 27 09 37Get Price
Jaw Crusher Manufacturer | Propel Industries
Products. Crushers. JAW CRUSHERS. Propel AVJ series single toggle Jaw Crusher offers maximum possible fatigue strength and best reliability with various mounting possibilities. The fullywelded sturdy construction results in lowering the production cost per ton.Get Price
Our Network
We supply crushing machinery and spares to many African Countries. Some of our clients are based in but not limited to: Burkina Faso. DRC. Tanzania. Zimbabwe. Namibia. Botswana. South Africa.Get Price
2016 LT220D Cone Crusher in Benalla ...
Used LT220 Cone Crushing Plant in Benalla, Victoria, Australia for sale. GP220 Cone Crusher, C13, 415 hp, 1500 mm Roller Belt Feeder, 1000 mm Over Feed Conveyor, 1500 mm x M 2 Deck Screen, 1000 mm Under Screen Discharge Conveyor, (2) 635 mm M Side Discharge Folding Conveyor, Remote Control, CatwalksGet Price
Taurian Engineering
A Template by Designzway team. 302A, Poonam Chambers Wing 'A', Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli 400018, Mumbai, INDIA +91 Sales (South / West): +91 75066 86018 Sales (North / East): +91 81710 11295Get Price
sale jaw crusher in chile
Main Equipment PP1060 Portable Jaw Crusher Learn More PP120SMH Cone Crushing Plant. READ MOREGet Price
Buy Sell Rent – Mining Equipment, Construction Equipment ...
Buy Sell Rent – Mining Equipment, Construction Equipment, Lifting and Handling. Connect World Online is a global ecommerce marketplace where you have the opportunity to Buy, Sell, and Rent any New, Used, or Refurbished products.Get Price
Cone Crushers Rent
Mobile cone crusher crusher on rent in kolhapur services of mobile stone crushers in madhya pradesh, mobile stone crushers are available for crushing sandstone, blue stone, in gwalior,, jaw crusher will be sufficient subjected the feed size to be less than 350mm, crusher for sale 5 shipment 5 al2o3 48 4 bauxite ...Get Price
Cone Crusher Lin .Get Price
crusher plant micronesia stone
· concrete mixing plant manufacturers in Burkina Faso stone crusher for sale in burkina faso mobile crusher for sale in burkina faso grinding mill mobile crusher for sale in burkina faso china mining a iron ore crushing plant used impact mobile crusher for 10 9 · concrete equipment suppliers a small mobile concrete batching plant is ...Get Price
Solid
- Shop Manual A S Jaw Crusher
- Vibro Conveyor Principle
- Crushing Machine For Pulp In Philippines
- Extraction Of Iron From Siderite Coatations Of Stone Jaw Crusher
- Taper Grind With Cylindrical Grinder
- Copper Por Le Crusher Provider In Suriname
- Role Of Jaw Crusher Chrome Ore Beneficiation Proce
- Second Hand Stone Crusher Address
- Ep Raw Mill Asalah
- Limestone Grinding 24417Alaskamen is ranked 811,143 in the United States. 'Susie's AlaskaMen, Alaska Men, Bringing you Alaska Bachelors Since 1987.'
811,143Rank in United States
10,720,628Worldwide Rank
*Estimated data, read disclaimer.
Last Updated: 01/28/2014
Visitors
Topics: Free, Classic Alaskamen Screensaver, (click Here), Entertainment Tonight (click Here), and Taken List.
Category: 'Society and Culture/Men'
Age: The domain is 16 years and 8 months old.
- Popular pages
- alaskamen.com AlaskaMen USA: Taken List - Our AlaskaMen bachelors who are no ..
- alaskamen.com AlaskaMen USA Feedback and Questions - Susie's AlaskaMen, Alaska ..
- alaskamen.com Susie's AlaskaMen, Alaska Men, Bringing you Alaska Bachelors Since ..
- alaskamen.com Susie's AlaskaMen, Alaska Men, Bringing you Alaska Bachelors Since ..
14 users visit the site each day, each viewing 9.00 pages.Links
- Links in
- bethanykingblog.com Bethanykingblog
- anwr-band.com Anwr-band
- wemakeyoufly.com Cessna and Piper Exhaust Systems
It is hosted by American Registry For Internet Numbers (Virginia, Chantilly,) using Apache web server. Its 2 nameservers are ns34.domaincontrol.com, and ns33.domaincontrol.com. Alaskamen.com's server IP number is 97.74.144.140.
IP: 97.74.144.140
Web Server: Apache
Encoding: utf-8
A time of 61.7 ms, is recorded in a ping test.Oral Histories James Grunig Interview Segments on Topic: Trust/Credibility James Grunig Biography Transcript INTERVIEWER: Can you talk about your theories in the age of social media—I think about your symmetrical model for instance? GRUNIG: That’s very interesting. I just saw a blog in someplace in the UK last week that said the Grunig theories need to be reevaluated now in the age of social media. And I looked at it and said no, they’re more applicable now than they ever were, in fact, with digital media; digital media in a broad sense. I think digital media are broader than social media. But they’ve made the symmetrical model inevitable, in my opinion. I just don’t see how any organization can try to communicate with publics without listening, without engaging in dialogue, without trying to understand how they see their interests when organizations make decisions to behave in certain ways. There was what I call the illusion of control, that public relations people and organizations in general seemed to believe they could control the messages that were going to publics and that would control the way they thought about their organization. I never really did think that was true. People were able to talk to each other and they got information from different sources. They weren’t restricted to media or advertising or what else. They had their own experiences. They talked to other people. They read other sources of information. But now digital media just make it much easier to do that. So if you want information about a product… For example, I’m at the age now where I use a lot of medical products and I don’t take anything without doing an internet search first. The site I’m least likely to trust is the one that’s coming from the pharmaceutical company. In the same way, I wouldn’t buy a dehumidifier for my basement without seeing whether people say it breaks down after a year. So, the control, I think, was always in the hands of people; individuals and publics. But now it is much more in their hands because you just can go anywhere to get information and you’re not restricted to what organizations choose to make available for you. So this symmetrical model basically is a model of dialogue. It’s a model of looking out both for the interest of your organization and for the publics that are affected by the organization, and it’s much easier for an organization to find out how publics are affected because they can simply go online and do searches and read blogs and find out what people are saying about how decisions are affecting them. I think the new media make it very interesting to practice public relations because I think it’s going to be much easier to convince management that it has to be more open in communicating with publics and that you really can’t use the symbolic, interpretive approach to try to put out an interpretation that you want people to hear because they easily can get a different interpretation someplace else.Documentary : Sud Eau Nord Déplacer
A documentary by Antoine Boutet on China of great destruction. Progressive discovery, in the field, a gigantic typical construction site extremely with simple pipe engineering that ignores ecology and the complexity of the world and devastates everything in its path. This is simply to move huge water quantity
from the south, including the Tibetan Himalayas, to the north of the country, without any consideration for ecosystems and populations. The bright idea is, of course, attributed to Mao, who had tortured the country with his Great Leap into the horror of an unprecedented famine as the repression that accompanied it, not to mention the war in dust, bees, birds, etc. who began the ecological ruin of China (or sparrows or bees today!). We discover, alas unsurprisingly, water, people, life sacrificed in a totalitarian China still owned by the natural anti-fanaticism. It starts slowly, like a walk in a strange world, and we gradually discovered the extent of the dreaded nightmare. Corruption and hierarchical degradations, fidelity, structural injustice, Dante looting, plundering, mass deportations ... and desperate powerlessness forever scorned and humiliated people. Suddenly a kind of clownish official visit to a new set of claims hutches planted in the middle of nowhere shows buffoonery of party members and simultaneously reveals more bluntly abject abuse populations. The emotion still climbing when, gathered to testify, poor people uprooted from their homes, their villages and their land fertilized for centuries and thrown into barracks, burst into tears accusing the rotten party cadres. In another scene worthy of a film about the Mafia, one of these "frames" arrived with a bang to shout about those who have the audacity to show the sterility of the soil that has been allocated by the generous Communist Party ( a thin, sandy soil torn forest instead of humus after they worked their ancestors and the ancestors of their ancestors). A visit to Tibet already trashed us that crazy water engineers are now preparing to divert the water! Even knowing the Chinese nightmare since the invasion of Tibet fifties, then the slaughter of birds and insects in the early sixties, before learning more and more, one is struck by the documentary Antoine Boutet. And horrified by this endless rampage.By Linda O’Flanagan
Meridian Capital Group has negotiated a $45 million loan to financing the development of Williamsburg’s first Whole Foods.
Executive vice president Aaron Birnbaum and vice president Tal Savariego arranged the three-year construction finance deal with interest-only payments and a LIBOR-based floating rate.
The site at 240-242 Bedford Avenue was bought last year in a joint venture by Midtown Equities and Aurora Capital and the Adjmi Family for $23 million. Meridian noted that the borrower is an entity known as CAB Bedford LLC.
The site spans the entire block of North 4th Street from Bedford Avenue to Berry Street and will be home to the organic supermarket chain.
“Williamsburg has firmly established itself as one of Brooklyn’s top residential neighborhoods and the introduction of 240 Bedford brings with it a Whole Foods Market and a strong set of national tenants to this growing area,” said Savariego.
“Meridian actively negotiated with the borrower and lender to arrange a competitive construction loan that will bring Williamsburg its first premier supermarket chain, an amenity that will further enhance the neighborhood’s desirability as a residential hot spot.”
The developers are planning a 150,000 s/f development which would include the supermarket, luxury rental apartments and a New York Sports Club, according to published reports.
It will be the second Whole Foods in Brooklyn. The supermarket is set to open its first in the borough in Gowanus in December.
The store has already been credited with creating a run-up in property values there. Last week, Daniel Geiger at Crains reported the $7.3 million sale of a parcel of six interconnecting buildings, with 15,000 s/f of retail space and 45,000 s/f of office, sold for $7.3 million thanks to the buyer’s bet on the grocer’s transformative power. “They see the neighborhood changing,” Kalmon Dolgin broker Robert Klein told the business magazine.
Klein, the senior broker who negotiated the sale on behalf of the buyer, 304 LLC and seller, Dominick Terzuoli, added, “The Third Avenue corridor has exploded with Whole Foods.ˮ
John Lewis is in position 2 for Brazilian Real
£750 BUYS5,134.35
BRL RATE6.8458
DELIVERYFREE
Marks and Spencer
Marks & Spencer travel money is part of the well-established brand, so it’s no surprise that they are a popular currency exchange provider. However, their rates are not as competitive as many other travel money providers
£750 BUYS5,040.67
BRL RATE6.76,016.53
BRL RATE6.6887
DELIVERYFREE
HSBC UK
HSBC travel money is a financial service offered by the well-known bank HSBC. Their travel money rates are poor compared to other online travel money providers.
£750 BUYS4,975.27
BRL RATE6.6337
DELIVERYFREE
Post Office
Post Office offer relatively competitive exchange rates, 0% commission, and next-day delivery on holiday money exchange.
£750 BUYS3,719.17
BRL RATE4.9589
DELIVERYFREE OVER £500
Thomas Cook Money
The well-established brand in the travel industry Thomas Cook Travel Money offers a wide range of currencies but are less competitive on price than many other providers..Thanks for visiting Board & Branch.
Board & Branch features an array of handcrafted wood creations emerging from rescued and salvaged East Texas timber.
We are just getting started and look forward to launching our shop soon.
In the meantime feel free to contact us here.
No products found in this collection.Regional Schools Press Conference (RSPC) was again held to bring all the best of the student writers in entire Region 7 with the theme: â€œThe Role of 21st Century Campus Journalists in Upholding Good Governance, Leadership and Transparencyâ€. This yearâ€™s RSPC was hosted by Bogo City Division, Cebu. It kicked off with a parade on December 7, 2015, at Bogo Amusement Center which ended atDon Celestino Martinez Sports and Cultural Centerwhere the grand opening ceremonies were conducted to acknowledge all the approximately 4000 student journalists, coaches and school officials from the 19 divisions in Central Visayas.
December 8 and 9, 2015 were theÂ strenuous days for the writers and coaches alike since all the contests were done on those days.Â News writing, Copyreading and Headline Writing, Editorial Writing, Editorial Cartooning and Photojournalism were the competitions done in the first day. On the second day, the events were Feature Writing, Science and Technology Writing and Radio Broadcasting and Script Writing.
The awarding and closing ceremonies on December 10, 2015 gathered the young and hopeful journalists with their coaches at the above mentioned venue. The announcement of winners was done quickly. Each of the categories in both English and Filipino has to declare the top 5 winners. Among the declared winners, Bohol Wisdom Schoolâ€™s grade 6 studentJulia Nicola Avergonzado garnered the second place in the Feature Writing contest. She will then qualify in the National Schools Press Conference (NSPC) to be held in Koronadal City sometime this summer.
The budding journalists of Bohol Wisdom School had undergone an arduous preparation for them to compete well in the RSPC. They were being trained by Mr. Billy O. Cosares, the campus paper adviser, with the assistance of Miss Nesie Fe G. Binatero.1971 is the year of the beginning of 01000654 Limited, the company registered at The Old Mission Hall Mill Road, Badingham, Woodbridge. This means it's been fifty years 01000654 has prospered in the business, as it was created on 1971/01/25. The company's Companies House Registration Number is 01000654 and its post code is IP13 8LF. Founded as Heather Moor & Edgecomb, the firm used the name up till 2014, at which moment it got changed to 01000654 Limited. The firm's principal business activity number is 99999 which stands for Dormant Company. Its most recent financial reports cover the period up to 31st January 2011 and the latest annual confirmation statement was submitted on 20th July 2018.
At the moment, we have only a single director in the company: Ann P. (since 1991/07/20). Since July 1991 Brian P., had performed the duties for this specific company up to the moment of the resignation 11 years ago.
Ann P. is the individual with significant control over this firm, has substantial control or influence over the company.Job Details
- Administration of Justice Instructor, Part-time Adjunct Pool
- Go to our website »
Administration of Justice Instructor, Part-time Adjunct Pool
Kern Community College District
Position Number: 01988
Posting Date: 02/09/2017
Position Closing Date:
Initial Screening Date:
Open Until Filled: Yes
Position Type: Part-Time Academic
Rate: $60 per hour/Instructional 2016-17 and 2017-18 academic years.
The successful candidate will be expected to provide instruction in a full range of Administration of Justice (ADMJ) courses.
This assignment may include teaching at other campus sites, day, evening or weekend classes, large classes, distance learning, and multiple teaching methodologies.
Other duties include: participating in student recruitment and articulation of programs; maintaining subject matter currency; developing and revising curriculum; using computer and multimedia technology; assessing student learning and program level outcomes; collegially participating in department, college, and discipline-specific professional activities.
Education and Experience:
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor degree and 2 years related professional experience;
OR Associate degree and 6 years related professional experience;
OR Possession of a valid credential which authorizes full-time teaching of Administration of Justice.
Posted by the FREE value-added recruitment advertising agency
jeid-2957e1df6ee385448c5926efc4f91704Nov 19, 2021
CRB’s Yvonne Duckworth and Niranjan Kulkarni provide expert insight into the quality, speed, and operational efficiencies Pharma 4.0 offers clinical trials.
May 26, 2021
We’re excited to announce that Alan Jones has joined the company as our new Vice President of Business Development. Jones – who has deep experience in establishing long-term client relationships across design, construction, manufacturing and other industries – will report to Lance Nordbak, CRB’s Chief Operating Officer for Regional Operations.
Apr 23, 2020
Mark Paskanik, AIA, NCARB will lead a webinar on “Innovative Science with Less and the Lab Future” at the Lab Design Digital Summit. Taking place May 11-13, this digital summit will feature a series of informative webinars that will bring together lab management leaders with experts in the laboratory and healthcare design community.
Apr 23, 2020
As the food and beverage market shifts to a new way of working amid COVID-19, manufacturers remain hopeful for 2020. Jason Robertson joins Food Processing to recap industry figures for 2019 and share forward-facing food and forward-facing challenges in “2020 Capital Spending Outlook: Getting to Yes on Capital Projects.”Michigan Today is published online 10 times/year by University of Michigan News, and emailed to about 300,000 readers around the world.
Michigan Today is one of several alumni publications produced by U-M. Each school and college offers publications for its graduates (see Publications & Resources), and the U-M Alumni Association sends its magazine, Michigan Alumnus, to paid members. Michigan Today fits into this mix as the one publication to address all alumni regardless of their school or association affiliation. We try to speak to the entire alumni community, and to connect our readers across disciplines.
We love to hear from you, both about how we’re doing and what you’re up to.
Send us letters to the editor about the material we publish, alumni notes about your latest achievements, and your memories for our U-M history section.
The editor of Michigan Today is Deborah Holdship
Michigan Today
c/o University of Michigan News
412 Maynard St.
Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1399
PHONE: (734) 764-7260Tag #sweetroll
I’ve been rewriting the engine that runs this website in the past few months..
and now, finally, unrelenting.technology runs on sweetroll2! Longer writeup coming, this is more of a test post.
I rewrote micro-panel (the “admin panel” for this site) from scratch with LitElement and no material design components. It’s really tiny now! The minified bundle is 57kb (and that still includes a code editor with syntax highlighting). The previous version was nearly 1mb.
Also, the new version is a bit simplified: no iframe mode, only cookie auth. And it doesn’t wrap the whole page in an element, it’s now more of a set of elements.
async
Finally made some updates to this website! On the surface, slightly refreshed design (single column). Under the hood, the Haskell part is now build with GHC 8.2 and the database is upgraded to Postgres 10.
Also, a new section: KnowledgeBase. It’s kinda like a “personal wiki” thing. Alphabetically sorted list of pages, WikiStyleTitles that are put into URLs without lowercasing, and these pages don’t end up on the front page.?!
Since 2017-02-01 I've been working on a big change to Sweetroll, the engine that powers this website, and today it's finally live, right here! (Also it's now on my newer VPS, hosted at prgmr and running HardenedBSD 11. The old one was FreeBSD 10 at DigitalOcean.)
tl;dr about the change: from one Haskell app powered by a Git+JSON store and embedded Duktape templates (lol) to two services (Haskell + Node.js) backed by Postgres. It's really cool. I'll be writing more documentation for it soon.
Added Pushover notifications to Sweetroll. It’s a JavaScript plugin that calls an HTTP request function provided from Haskell, because why not :-)
This day in “computers are terrible”: Sweetroll crashes after a few requests to the HTTP proxy… on my laptop with FreeBSD 11-CURRENT… when compiled as a static binary. I don’t think the same static binary ever crashed on my server with 10-RELEASE though. Anyway, removed the
-static flag.
Now you can follow this website using an Atom feed reader. I guess that includes GNU social.
(And I can reply to tweets from this website.)
Updated the build of sweetroll on this website – now a better category system, a proxy for images in responses to avoid mixed content and prevent tracking, and a bunch of internal improvements are all LIVE!
(And right after I did this, an IndieWebCamp event live stream started! Seeing a lot of Windows 10 on the projector…)
(This post contains Haskell.)
Landed a couple pull requests (jwt, wai-app-static) that replace the deprecated cryptohash package with cryptonite, because having both as dependencies in sweetroll was terrible.
Also, turns out highlighting-kate has a
pcre-light option, so now
regex-pcre-builtin isn’t compiled into
sweetroll as well. I wish pandoc had a build option to disable Lua script integration. Oh, and build options to disable formats! That would be great. I don’t need docx and epub support in my website.
Find-and-replace mistake I almost committed to Sweetroll: “category” → “dataegory” :DWith Christmas almost here, you are about to get extremely busy. It is safe to say that holidays are probably the busiest time of the year. You don’t have any time to give to yourself since there is a lot of shopping to be done, a lot of parties to be attended and things to be planned. Even if you are a fitness-conscious person, you will find it hard to give time to yourself.
In order to tackle this problem, we have come out with the perfect solution. You need to blend in a few small exercises in your everyday chores so that you don’t go out of shape and stay fit during the holidays.
Exercise while you shop
Shopping takes away most of your precious time during the day. Don’t worry, there’s still hope. If you can’t find time to exercise, you can incorporate a few exercises in your shopping routine. For instance, when you go out to shop, simply park the car far away from where you want to go. The long walk will help you get some physical activity into your day.
In case you are visiting large malls, try not to use the elevators or the escalators and take the stairs instead. This will help your thigh muscles and you will burn several calories as well.
Lastly, while you are waiting for someone to make your bill, you can actually stand on one leg while you have the other bent in such a way that your heel is touching your back. Hold it there as this will provide you with a good stretching exercise.
Exercise on family dinners
Family dinners are unhealthy for people who are too conscious about their fitness. However, you can help yourself by taking the whole family out for a walk. Right after you have eaten your dinner, simply ask them that you would like to move out for a little while to see the lights and enjoy the night. Since you can’t leave them on this occasion, you can always take a walk with them.
If you are opting to play videogames during the night, then play the ones which involve more physical movement. Nintendo’s Wii is famous for its motion-based gaming console and if you don’t own one, you can ask around and borrow one from a friend for the night.
Planning ahead
This will really help you get things done easily. If you think you have a hectic routine which involves absolutely no exercise, then start planning ahead. Start waking up an hour earlier from the actual time and do a few exercises which will help you maintain your fitness. In this case, yoga is also a feasible option for you.
If you really want to stay fit during the holidays you will have to be disciplined along with all these tips. It is easy to give in to indulgence but you will regret any bad fitness choices once the holidays are over.
I actually, somehow, exercise while i’m at home. I play the music and dance while i cook food.
I doubt that I’d get slim with such little amount of activity during the day. You have to find time to exercise separately. NO. MATTER. WHAT!The number of 49ers on the Reserve/COVID-19 list is about to get a little larger. NBC Sports Bay Area’s Jennifer Lee Chan on Sunday reported defensive tackle DJ Jones and defensive end Jordan Willis will both be headed to the COVID-19 list, giving the 49ers nine players there heading into Week 12.
Jones and Willis join fellow defensive linemen Arik Armstead and Javon Kinlaw, along with left tackle Trent Williams, wide receiver Brandon Aiyuk, tight end Daniel Helm, C Hroniss Grasu, and linebacker Joe Walker.
With the Bye week ending and preparations underway for Week 12, San Francisco could be missing a slew of key players who’re still working their way off the COVID-19 list.
Even if players are cleared to play Sunday, they may run into an issue where they’re unable to practice at all heading into the game. That could be a significant problem against an opponent like the Rams that poses so many issues on both sides of the ball.
San Francisco looked to be getting healthier coming out of the Bye week with Raheem Mostert, Richard Sherman and Deebo Samuel all on track to return. If they continue having COVID-19 issues, the benefit of those players returning may be wiped out by the missing talent on the COVID-19 list.The idea for my costume this year started with looking on Pinterest. I noticed some grayscale costumes, and thought “how neat”, they look like they came right out of a black and white movie! I started to think about some of my favorite old horror flicks and Alfred Hitchcock films came to mind.
I decided to do Tippi Hedren’s character in 1963 Alfred Hitchcock’s The Birds. I wanted to look like I came right out of a black and white film, so I put together my clothing, hair, and makeup in a grayscale palette.
I went to the Goodwill and bought a grey vintage looking jacket, white wig, black gloves,and black shoes. I had a black dress and gray pantyhose in my closet.
I went to a craft store and bought black birds of different sizes. I sowed the birds onto the jacket and bobby pinned some to my wig.
Now makeup: found a costume store that sold professional makeup to apply to my face and any body part not covered in clothing. I used Ben Nye cake foundation in cadaver grey. For contorting I used black, grey and white eye shadows. I used black eyeliner for my eyebrows, eyes, and lined my lips. I used a white eyeliner for the bottom eye line. Finished off my lips with a grey lipstick.
The reactions I got were ‘wow, rad, epic, the birds, oh she looks like a black and white movie, Heck yeah Hitchcock, awesome, I dont know who Alfred Hitchcock is or the movie The Bird but your costume is amazing!”
Your comment has been sent successfully.Online
green sand molding machine for sale ebay.
Home and Garden Make Your House Your Home When it comes to home improvement, look no further than the home and garden pages of eBay. A wide range of home goods from generators to rugs to furniture and bedding, are just a mouse click away.
China Green sand mixer catalog of Customized Qingdao Hot Sale Foundry Sand Mixer Machine, China High Efficiency Wheel Sand Mixer Machine Factory provided by China manufacturer - Qingdao Bestech Machinery Co., Ltd., page1.
Small molding line HWS-HSP1, green sand....
Green Sand Molding Equipment ...
Aug 30, 2007· Making a green sand mold for snake catcher handles using a jolt/squeeze machine. Making a green sand mold for snake catcher handles using a jolt/squeeze machine. ... Sand Molding and Shake Out ...
Get the best deals on Machining Tool Collectibles when you shop the largest online selection at eBay.com. Free shipping on many items | Browse your favorite ... Vintage Machinist Tool Caliper Zeus Made in Germany 8" W/Machine Screw Tables. $14.95. Vintage J. T. Slocomb Micrometer. $13.71. Was: Previous Price $18.28. Large Lot Of Machinist Tools ...
Simpson Mix-Muller Batch Mixer. In small to medium-sized sand systems or difficult mixing applications, versatility is critical. The Mix-Muller has been carefully designed and proportioned to achieve maximum performance, versatility and energy efficiency in these types of applications.. More Details
Sand Molding Machine For Sale Oalebakkershoesnl. Sand molding machine supplier. Green Sand Molding MachineUS 1 100000 Set Shanghai China Mainland sehm. Manufacturer and Supplier of Moulding Boxes Grinders Machines and Sand Sieve Machine offered by Texone sand molding machine for sale.
Refurbish and used automatic molding machine for sale. Create your own moulds with these green sand automatic molding machine. We also provide molding machine parts. More. Sort by. There are 5 items. B & P table for MATCHBLOMATIC model 2026 (AB2653) ... ...
The process is extremely efficient, and uses dry sand, green sand, or chemically bonded sand. Sand casting is a great alternative to die casting because it allows for low- or high-volume production. Sand casting processes use sand-based molds to create custom designs and complex metal parts.
Sinto Green Sand Automatic Flaskless Molding Machine, Model FBO-II, S/N RS2643, New Year 1999, 14" X 19", 130-200mm, 150 Molds Per Hour, Air Receiving Tank, Allen Bradley PLC Seller note: Just Removed From Go....
Sinto Green Sand Automatic Flaskless Molding Machine, Model FBO-II, S/N RS2643, New Year 1999, 14" X 19", 130-200mm, 150 Molds Per Hour, Air Receiving Tank, Allen Bradley PLC Seller note: Just Removed From Go....
Shop by department, purchase cars, fashion apparel, collectibles, sporting goods, cameras, baby items, and everything else on eBay, the world's online marketplace
mold·ing (mlng) n. 1. The act or process of molding. 2. Something that is molded. 3. An embellishment in strip form, made of wood or other structural . Get Price; Machines For Sale - Arkansas Wood Doors. Machines For Sale. Boring Heavy duty shape/sander machine used to apply panel profile and door edges to cabinet doors. 1st station is a we ...
The term "green-sand" implies that the sand binder is . Robotic Molding | Del Sol Industrial Services, Inc. Robotic, Patternless Mold Making. . The six axes of motion provide the dexterity to reach into and around complex contours to machine sand casting impressions with the accuracy and efficiency that is required to meet or exceed your ...
Sep 19, 2017·, leaving an ...
Speed up your Search . Find used Tire Machine for sale on eBay, Craigslist, Letgo, OfferUp, Amazon and others. Compare 30 million ads · Find Tire Machine faster !| https:// ...
- stone crusher in the pilippines
- carbide crushing equipment
- black sand gold recovery plant
- mine copper mine ball grinding mill sale
- crushing and screening international australia
- silver ore grinding mill manufactures supplier
- Kolkata Used Jaw Crusher For Sale In Zimbabwe
- unique crushing ability in primary sendary and tertiary crushing of ne crusher
- plastic waste crusher machine in india
- methods of high energy ball mill
- mesin meracon made in japan
- manufacturer of al crusher and screening plant south afric
- Steel s For Recycling
- jaw crusher achieve its function
- top brands ball mill for coarse ball mill
- grinding mills in nigeria for lease
- flotation cell for gold mineral processing
- cosmetics gels thickener carbomer 941
- jaw crusher functional analysis
- Small Portable Quartz Rock Jaw Crushers
- track cone crushers for sale in usa
- vsi crushers excellence
- underground hydraulic push conveyor system for kiln
- fine mine ball mill ore mill gold ore mill with iso
- China Shandong Xinhai Gold Grinding Ball Mill
- stone cone crusher manufacturer in india
- peralatan industri crusher
- spare parts grinding mills
- lipu china products jaw crusher
- tyttenhanger gravel pits
- high high efficient ball mill
- 90mm hammer forging steel ball for ball mill
- universal grinding machine manufacturers stone crusher machine
- sand quarry in malaysia johorAlison Stellwag O: 252-902-7211 if (!empty($social)): ?> endif; ?> if (!empty($social)): ?> endif; ?> Home Agents Alison Stellwag Alison was born and raised in Greenville and graduated with honors from ECU. She enjoys staying active, spending time with her family and dog Brady. Alison wants to assist you with all your real estate needs and is dedicated to providing you with the best possible experience. Give her a call at 252-902-7211! See what it means to work with a Forever Agent™. Alison Stellwag REALTOR® Office: 252-902-7211 Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Prime Properties 2625 Charles Blvd. Greenville NC 27858 Contact Me Now First Name * Last Name * Email Address * Phone Number * Message Submit Disclaimer: By entering your information and clicking "Continue" you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and that you may be contacted by phone, text message and email about your inquiry.Description
Wisconsin’s Finest Gourmet Cheese and Sausage Gift Box
Wisconsin’s Finest is one of The Elegant Farmer’s Gifts of Goodness top sellers. It is no wonder since it features Wisconsin’s best-of-the-best Blue Ribbon award-winning cheeses including everyone’s favorites: Cheddar, Colby, Baby Swiss, and Smoked Gouda. To top it off, we add in Wisconsin’s hearty and flavorful 1 lb Summer Sausage and 9 oz of Garlic Summer Sausage. These straight-from-the-farm-to-your-table-cheeses and specialty foods make a wonderful gift anytime of the year. Send to friends, family, work colleagues or customers knowing you are sending Simply the Best from The Elegant Farmer’s Farm Kitchen, Market and Bakery.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Directed particularly devastated with the arrival of Owen Legate (Robert Redford), a railroad official with a pocketful of pink slips for the employees of the local rail yard. revenge. Masterfully directed by Sydney Pollack and cowritten for the screen by Francis Ford Coppola, THIS PROPERTY IS CONDEMNED sizzles with unbridled passion and fiery emotion.I'm finding that Walmart is now preparing openly for the New World Order to take global control. I find that when shopping at Walmart they often have lines where only cash or credit is accepted.
But to be honest I hadn't paid that much attention because I have been to many store where this has occurred. However, yesterday 02/14/2014 the day designated for love the Walmart I attempted to shop at had many feeling anger and disgust as Walmart would only cash out those individuals using some sort, any sort of a debit or credit card. NO CASH! I was told by an employee that there was no CASH in any of the registers in the self checkout and she didn't think the regular registers had any cash either.
To be honest it really scared me because I could not buy orange juice which was all I went for. Please pay attention people because the signs are in our faces.
Product or Service Mentioned: Walmart Credit Card.
Location: Marietta, Georgia
walmart sucks. and Yes they want to get paid from your credit card company or from your bank. They love to have your banking info more information for them to sell
I don't care one way or the other about Walmart. There actually isn't one that close to my house.
I have to drive past like 3 targets before I encounter the closest Walmart (so I opt for target which is totally fine with me). I tell you all that to assure you that I'm not some diehard Walmart fan who is blindly sticking up for them.
That being said, are you saying that you think Walmart gets paid by the credit card companies to accept credit cards??
Isn't it usually the other way around (the merchants pay the credit card companies a fee in order for their store to accept credit cards)? Isn't that why some convenience stores (usually not well established ones) don't take credit cards?
Do you only hate Walmart because your conspiracy theories tell you to or do you have a real life reason?
minind date. paying with cash they can not see who you are where you live what you want to buy.
it is all about mining data and by the way TARGET your 3 stores closes to you LOVES GETTING YOUR DATA. do you buy things at target in bulk CONDOMs YOU MUST HAVE 10 women YOU NEED to buy flowers for for valentines day (coupon given to you) do you use lots of body wash (coupon for paper towels) ect
Yeah I understand all of that. I know that most if not all major companies want to collect data on you.
My whole point is that if you want to pay only in cash then maybe the self checkout line isn't the way to go.
I'm doubtful of the original poster's complaint that an employee told him that NONE of the registers in the whole store had cash in them even the registers manned with a cashier. Of course the self checkout ones don't but the regular ones do.
Also, starting any complaint with the words "preparing openly for the new world order" is a great way to get everyone reading your complaint to not take you seriously.
Paranoid much??
Anytime I've gone through a self checkout using cash wasn't an option and I didn't expect it to be. You also can't buy alcohol through the self checkout without an employee coming over to ok it. I suppose the illuminati has something to do with that??!— Measurement Tag For Dictionary.com – > <!— Audience Tag for IAC Network – >
Black gays, in turn, are accusing their white gay peers of viscous racism.
What The Great Beauty and Fellini share is the Roman light—3,000 years of viscous sun.
viscous vis·cous (vĭs'kəs)
adj.
Having relatively high resistance to flow.
Viscid.A group of academics has put out a call for papers for a new study titled Comic Empires: The Imperialism of Cartoons, Caricature, and Satirical Art, which may be collected into a book by Manchester University Press next year.
In recent years, the cultural turn in the history of empire and imperialism has shed much new light on how imperialism and subject populations functioned. Yet despite ample attention being given to the role played by commercial advertising, print capitalism, travel and tourism, and other cultural forms, there has been little analysis of the key function of cartoons, satirical art, and caricature in sustaining, and challenging, imperial systems. Aside from useful surveys by Roy Douglas (Great Nations Still Enchained, published in 1994) and Mark Bryant (Wars of Empire in Cartoons, 2008), there exists no thorough, scholarly, interrogation of the relationship between cartoons and empire.
This is a significant omission, say the new project's editors, Dr Richard Scully and Dr Andrekos Varnava. It is almost impossible to imagine the ‘New Imperialism’ in Africa without picturing Linley Sambourne’s ‘Rhodes Colossus’ standing astride the continent from Cape to Cairo. Similarly, Thomas Theodor Heine’s famous representation of the different Belgian, French, British, and German methods of colonialism continues to colour our understandings of imperial exploitation, as do numerous similar works by American, Japanese, and cartoonists of other nationalities.
Cartoonists and satirical art also played an important role in the resistance to imperial regimes, argue the editors, and the recovery of their voice has been an important aspect of the postcolonial enterprise.
This new study aims to bring together what is still a disparate field of inquiry, and offer a consolidated approach to understanding the relationship between cartoons and imperialism.
This edited volume aims to explore the importance of cartoons, caricatures and satirical art in the imperial context through a series of case-studies spanning the age of High Imperialism (c.1815-1945) from European and non-European contexts. It will cover important threads of support, resistance and criticism, to imperialism in both metropole and periphery, explore the question of orientalism, and look at colonial development, as well as any other theme relating to empire.
Already committed to the project are the editors of the collection, Dr Richard Scully (University of New England) and Dr Andrekos Varnava (Flinders University, South Australia). The editors are looking to receive proposals on the cartoons, caricature and satirical art emanating from journals published in Europe (including Ottoman Empire), the US and non-Western traditions, such as Japan.
If you're interested in contributing, please send an abstract (150-200 words) and short professional biography to Dr Richard Scully, University of New England, at: rscullyATune.edu.au, and Dr Andrekos Varnava, Flinders University, South Australia, at andrekos.varnavaATflinders.edu.au by 28th June 2013.
All those who send in a proposal will be notified of the result by 22 July 2013, and the full book proposal will be sent to Manchester University Press, to be considered as part of the Studies in Imperialism Series at the end of July 2013.
The series editors of Studies in Imperialism at Manchester University Press, Professors John MacKenzie and Andrew Thompson, have expressed an interest in considering such a volume.
• Full details here on H-Net: Humanities and Social Science Online
Delivery Options
Product Support
Prices
Product Description
Mirus Mesh Chair takes ergonomic comfort to new levels. The Mirus has been developed to fit and support the body and spine, allowing the user to stay comfortable for long periods. The user’s upper and lower back regions are fully supported by our most advanced and unique lumbar system to date, encouraging the user to maintain a healthy posture. Style, simplicity and ease of use help make Mirus a market-leading chair. The patented single lever control combined with stunning frame finish options – such as a white and polished aluminium frame and a choice of mesh, foam or zero-pressure seat styles, make Mirus a versatile and ideal choice for any office environment.The.ising."
Explore further:
Serengeti Park disappearing
More information: Nagelkerke, L.A.J. & Rossberg, A.G. (2014) Trophic niche-space imaging, using resource and consumer traits. Theoretical Ecology. DOI: 10.1007/s12080-014-0229-5
Please sign in to add a comment. Registration is free, and takes less than a minute. Read moreClick here to reset your password.
Sign in to get notified via email when new comments are made.Turkey's Defense Minister Hulusi Akar said the formation of alliances outside of NATO would harm the organization, according to comments released on Saturday, after Greece and France agreed on a defense pact last month.
"We had a positive and constructive meeting with the Greek defense minister (Nikos Panagiotopoulos)," Hulusi Akar told reporters late Friday. "We expect to see the positive results of this meeting in the coming days."
He reiterated that provocative actions and rhetoric that ramp up tensions between the two nations "would not be beneficial."
On Greece's ratification of the defense pact with France earlier this month, Akar said that since all three countries are members of NATO, such alliances threaten to “harm both NATO and bilateral relations and undermine trust."
"Given that we are inside NATO, everyone should know that the search for various alliances outside of it will both cause harm to NATO and our bilateral relations, and shake confidence," Akar told reporters after NATO defense ministers met in Brussels this past week.
Similarly, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg earlier this month appeared to be critical of European defense initiatives that are.
The Greek parliament on Oct. 7 ratified a defense deal struck with France for the purchase of three French-made Belharra frigates, an agreement criticized by neighbor Turkey.
Turkey, which has an uneasy history and relationship with its NATO neighbor Greece, has criticized the agreement as threatening "regional peace and stability." three Belharra frigates are to be delivered starting from 2025, in a deal to be finalized by the end of this year to the tune of 3 billion euros ($3.5 billion).
In September 2020, Mitsotakis unveiled Greece's most ambitious arms purchase program in decades after a dangerous standoff with Turkey over hydrocarbon resources and naval influence in the waters off their coasts.
In contrast to other EU and NATO allies, France strongly backed Greece and the Greek Cypriot administration at the time, sending warships and fighter jets to the Eastern Mediterranean.
In September, Greece also announced that it was planning to buy another six Rafale fighter aircraft as tensions continue to flare with Turkey in the Eastern Mediterranean.
The announcement of boosting military ties with France comes after Defense Minister Hulusi Akar stated recently.”
Turkey has frequently voiced that it expects its neighbor Greece to adopt peaceful political solutions rather than aggressive ones.
Greece has often been embroiled in tensions with neighboring Turkey over a range of issues, from competing claims over hydrocarbon resources in the Eastern Mediterranean to the demilitarization of islands in the Aegean. Greece's burgeoning arms program is designed to counter Turkish challenges in the Eastern Mediterranean, against which France is among the few EU states to have offered public support in past months.
On Turkey's project to upgrade its F-16 jet fleet, Akar said that technical work has been started for both the supply of Block 70 Viper F-16s from the U.S. and the modernization of some jets it already owns.
"The strengthening of Turkey and the Turkish Armed Forces also means the strengthening of NATO defense," he argued.
Akar also said that during their meeting the NATO defense chiefs had discussed issues of deterrence, regional and global developments – especially Afghanistan – and the challenges of.Through default, WordPress makes positive directories writeable in order that you and different licensed customers to your site can simply add topics, plugins, pictures, and movies in your site.
Alternatively this capacity can also be abused if it will get within the fallacious hand akin to hackers who can use it to add backdoor access files or malware in your site.
Those malicious recordsdata are incessantly disguised as core WordPress recordsdata. They’re most commonly written in PHP and will run within the background to achieve complete get entry to to each side of your site.
Sounds horrifying, proper?
Don’t concern there is a straightforward repair for that. Mainly, you’d merely disable PHP execution in positive directories the place you don’t want it. Doing so, any PHP recordsdata won’t run inside of the ones directories.
On this article, we can display you the way to disable PHP execution in WordPress the usage of the .htaccess document.
Disabling PHP Execution in Positive WordPress Directories The use of .htaccess Document
Maximum WordPress websites have a .htaccess file within the root folder. It is a tough configuration document used to password protect admin area, disable listing surfing, generate SEO friendly URL structure, and extra.
Through default, the .htaccess document positioned to your WordPress site’s root folder, however you’ll be able to additionally create and use it inside of your inside WordPress directories.
To give protection to your site from backdoor get entry to recordsdata, you want to create a .htaccess document and add it in your web site’s /wp-includes/ and /wp-content/uploads/ directories.
Merely create a clean document to your pc by means of the usage of a textual content editor like Notepad (TextEdit on Mac). Save the document as .htaccess and paste the next code inside of it.
deny from all Now save the document to your pc.
Subsequent, you want to add this document to /wp-includes/ and /wp-content/uploads/ folders to your WordPress hosting server.
You’ll add it by means of using an FTP client or by means of Document Supervisor app to your website hosting account’s cPanel dashboard.
As soon as the .htaccess document with the above code is added, it’ll prevent any PHP document to run in those directories.
The use of this .htaccess trick is helping you harden your WordPress safety, however it isn’t a FIX for an already hacked WordPress web site.
Backdoors are cleverly disguised and will already be hidden in undeniable sight.
If you wish to test for imaginable backdoors to your site, then you want to turn on Sucuri to your site.
Sucuri is the best WordPress security plugin in the marketplace. It scans your site for imaginable threats, suspicious code, malware, and vulnerabilities.
It additionally successfully blocks maximum hacking makes an attempt to even achieve your site by means of including a firewall between your web site and suspicious visitors.
Most significantly, in case your WordPress web site will get hacked, then they’ll blank it up for you. To be told extra, you’ll be able to test our Sucuri review as a result of now we have been the usage of their carrier for years.
We are hoping this newsletter helped you to discover ways to disable PHP execution in positive WordPress directories to harden your site safety. In case you are searching for an entire information, take a look at our ultimate WordPress security guide.
Should you favored this newsletter, then please subscribe to our YouTube Channel for WordPress video tutorials. You’ll additionally to find us on Twitter and Facebook.
The submit How to Disable PHP Execution in Certain WordPress Directories gave the impression first on WPBeginner.WordPress MaintenanceThe fall of the angels, the fall of the Elves. Next we should learn about the fall of the Men, right? You would think—and yet, as Tolkien told Milton Waldman, in his legendarium “the first fall of Man, for reasons explained, nowhere appears.” How could Tolkien claim to be writing a mythology acceptable to “a mind that believes in the Blessed Trinity” and not address the question of Man’s fall? In this episode, Professor Rachel Fulton Brown reads the Athrabeth Finrod ah Andreth (“Conversation between Finrod and Andreth”) in quest of Tolkien’s lost story of the Fall of the Hildor, the Younger Children of Ilúvatar. What story had Andreth heard that she was too wary—or embarrassed to tell?The stage is set.
The top eight teams have survived one round of elimination. The best of Brooklyn AA – Lincoln, South Shore, Thomas Jefferson and Boys & Girls – Queens powerhouse Cardozo, Bronx dynamo Wings Academy, Manhattan challenger Wadleigh and Staten Island veteran Curtis will all be at St. John’s University’s Carnesecca Arena on Sunday.
By Sunday night, four will remain. Will Brooklyn reign or can the other boroughs throw a monkey wrench into the seeding. We’ll find out soon enough in what should be a memorable day of basketball.
If you can’t make it to Jamaica, Queens don’t worry. NYPost.com PSAL boys basketball beat writer Zach Braziller will be on hand with all the action beginning at 10:45 a.m. As always, comments, questions and critiques are welcome.
SCHEDULE
@ St. John’s University’s Carnsecca Arena
11 a.m. – No. 3 Lincoln vs. No. 6 Curtis
1 p.m. – No. 2 Boys & Girls vs. No. 7 South Shore
3 p.m. – No. 4 Wings Academy vs. No. 5 Cardozo
5 p.m. – No. 1 Thomas Jefferson vs. No. 8 WadlieghIT’S ONE OF those questions you can just never think of an adequate answer to, but there’s always supposed to be an obvious one.
James Lumumba sat down with 25 people in Tallaght and asked them what their biggest regret is.
As expected, none of their answers are too straight forward, but a lot of them are surprisingly similar.
Kids hooked their mams up to lie detectors and asked them about sex and drugs>
Critics are already calling Mad Max: Fury Road the best film of the summer>Much hyped new Aussie beast ploughs a man into the turf
Keep an eye out for Dylan Pietsch who is being tipped as a possible Wallaby bolter after some standout performances for the Aussie Sevens.
This weekend he showed his massive man-on-man power game, bowling over some twerp who will likely now retire from the game in shame.
His Aussie 7s bio says: “A product of Randwick Rugby Club, Pietsch has risen through the Australian Rugby pathways, representing The Kings School, NSW and Australian Schools Barbarians. Dylan caught the eye of Australian coaching staff after strong performances in the U18s Australian Youth Sevens side.
“Now with 11 caps and 55 career points to his name, Pietsch is becoming a more frequent member of the Aussie 7s squad as they finalise preparations ahead of the 2018/19 World Series Circuit.”A development tool designed for speed
Visual development environment
Drag the fully featured controls you need from the Tools Palette onto your app. Place them where you want, resize, and customise their properties to change their appearance and behaviour.
Edit live applications
In LiveCode your application is always running. You can add objects or change the code and instantly see the effect. No other language does this. Editing live applications creates a powerful workflow, so you can build your apps faster and more easily than ever. Simply toggle between ‘run’ and ‘edit’ mode.
One code base
LiveCode is cross platform so you won’t have to write extra code for each platform you deploy to. This avoids having to write your app multiple times for multiple platforms saving you crucial developer time.
Extremely Multiplatform Now with Web App Deployment
Create native applications for iOS, Android, Windows, Mac, Linux, Server & The Web all from the same code.
Code once, deploy to billions of devices. LiveCode is a truly multi-platform programming tool with iOS, Android, Mac, Windows, Linux, Server & Web deployment options.
Full Stack App Development
LiveCode enables full stack development across multiple platforms with its range of desktop, mobile, web and server capabilities. Learn about the LiveCode features and top third party components that recommend when using LiveCode for full stack development.Learn More
A powerful and productive language
A natural expressive language
The LiveCode language is designed to be expressive, readable, memorable and as close as possible to the way you speak and think. That means you write up to 90% less code compared to traditional languages.
Maintainable code
Code is written once and read hundreds of times. The simple and straightforward aspect of the LiveCode language makes your code base easy to read and maintain, with less need for comments.
GUI coding built in
Working with your app GUI is not an afterthought. Its integrated right into the language. Create and manipulate sophisticated GUIs with dedicated, built-in language designed for exactly that.
Extensibility Built In
Ready made useful extensions
LiveCode comes with a wide selection of controls and libraries but if they aren’t enough, you can download and install extensions created by members of the LiveCode community and third-party vendors.
Make your own extensions
If you can’t find the perfect control or library you can write your own. The LiveCode development environment has tools to help you develop, test, debug and package your extensions.
Powerful extensions
Developers can also access the host platform when writing extensions, whether it’s using a specific API, UI component or system level operation. Extensions can be written in LiveCode as well as other programming languages such as C, C++ and Java.
LiveCode Customer Stories
Trevor developed himself and his business. His software is used by Fortune 500 companies
Mark: From K12 school teacher to running a multi million dollar software business
Todd developed his startup and is now developing apps for huge companies like Sony Music
Cyril: One out of every five students at his school requested the computer science class with LiveCode
Are you a FIleMaker user? Develop for Android..
MORE: Colleagues mourn cinematographer killed in prop-gun incident building where a scene was being acted, according to the records. Halls grabbed the gun from the cart and brought it inside to Baldwin, unaware that it was loaded with live rounds, a detective wrote in the search warrant application.
SEE ALSO: Here’s what prop guns are and how they can kill
It was unclear how many rounds were fired. Gutierrez removed a shell casing from the gun after the shooting, and she turned the weapon over to police when they arrived, the court records say. ‘Bring
No immediate charges were filed, and sheriff’s spokesman Juan Rios said Baldwin was permitted to travel.
“He’s a free man,” Rios said.
TIMELINE: List of fatal movie set accidents, including Brandon Lee shooting, ‘Twilight Zone’ helicopter crash, Lee was killed after a bullet was left in a prop gun, and.”
MORE: Brandon Lee’s family speaks out after fatal prop gun shooting on Alec Baldwin’s movie.I am going from bone stock to the following mod's.What jetting would you recommend? 2001 KDX 220-adding FMF Gnarky rev pipe, staying with stock silencer,airbox lid removed. Would the jetting be different for fall and summer (I ride in northern illinois). Also, would adding a FMF silencer change jetting or performance?Lillie Ruth Henley DeBusk
Published 5:37 pm Wednesday, June 9, 2004
By Staff
Wing, Alabama
Mrs. Lillie Ruth Henley DeBusk, 79 of the Bradley community died Monday, June 7, 2004 at an Andalusia hospital after an extended illness. She was a native of Falco, Ala. and a former resident of Huntsville, Mo. before moving to Wing in 1993. She was a retired bookkeeper and had served in the U. S. Air Force. She was a member of the Bradley Assembly of God Church.
She is survived by three brothers, Wilmer Henley of Brewton, John L. Henley of Tomey and Dan M. Henley of Pine Level; two sisters, Vondelle Bergschneider of Crestview, Fla. and Daisy Belle Catoe of Milton, Fla.; special friends, Glenn and Helen Coxwell and Onnice Coxwell and a number of nieces and nephews.
Visitation will be Wednesday, June 9, from 1 to 3 p.m. at the Bradley Assembly of God Church.
Funeral services will be held Wednesday, June 9, at 3 p.m. at the Bradley Assembly of God Church with Rev. Boyce Teas officiating. Burial will follow at the Old Bradley Cemetery with Williams Memorial Chapel Funeral Home directing.What are credential services? How important are they in today’s workforce, and what advantages do they bring to your business? When a potential customer or vendor seeks a job, they conduct extensive background checks to ensure the person has the required qualifications. This process is often tedious and costly and can take a long time.
Using a professional credential service provider, Credentialing Concepts can quickly and easily perform all necessary background checks without hiring a dedicated person. These service providers can do this even do it for them by outsourcing it to a third party. The benefits of using a third-party service provider are twofold; firstly, a professional service provider will be experienced in verifying credentials. Secondly, they will have access to multiple databases that can provide verification results quickly. Here is how these services work.
When a company or organization needs to verify an individual’s credentials, it is usually because they require access to a particular area of expertise or require additional information or proof of prior employment. For example, some organizations require security guards to undergo rigorous credit and criminal background checks before being given access to sensitive areas of the workplace. This can be extremely time-consuming and expensive. In addition, there are no guarantees that the service providers who offer pre-employment background and credit checks can perform them accurately and efficiently. In fact, many companies and employers have reported that the credential services they have used have performed inaccurate or incomplete tests.
A second scenario is when a business is recruiting new employees and ensuring that each candidate has a clean background. Many people with criminal records or on probation or parole are prohibited from working with children or the elderly. A third-party service provider can perform an exhaustive background check quickly and easily without needing to spend valuable time searching through data provided by different sources. They can verify all relevant information quickly and generate a clean report for each candidate. This allows a hiring manager to make informed decisions regarding which applicant will join the company.
Some credentialing companies also offer specialized services. For example, some credential services offer services that allow employers to run federal and state background checks, as well as national security clearance checks. These specialized services are available to employers in every state.
Online services are another area in which credential services are becoming increasingly popular. These services are simple to use and convenient. In many cases, online services require no extra software or hardware, making them easy to use by anyone regardless of their previous experience with computers. Online services allow users to download and print a report that contains all of the needed information, but they also allow users to print it out in paper form and take it with them when they travel or meet with potential clients.
There are several different types of online credentialing services available, including paid services. However, it is best to choose a service that provides both free and paid services. Free services are usually more flexible, while paid services can be more detailed and reliable. It’s also a good idea to compare the cost and value of different credentialing services before choosing one. For example, some online service providers may offer free trials for a limited time, giving people a chance to experience the service before deciding whether or not it is right for them.
Whether you decide to go with a paid service or a free service, make sure you have the correct information on hand. All documents and information related to your job should be included in this service, as well as any resumes or certifications you may currently have. When selecting a credentialing service, it’s important to consider how easy it is to obtain all needed information.Hey Folks, Hannah here, publisher of All Playing Web sites, which is a good complete gambling house and playing web sites guidebook for the Britain and Euro on the web casino player. sozak66.ichwardabei..Complete this form and send to one or more of your contacts.
Creation, Deterioration, Conservation (Neonium) by Pamela Rosenkranz
Your personal data is held in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
We have sent you an email containing a link to reset your password. Simply click the link and enter your new password to complete this process.sorry, but I find it pretty messed up that you can neither edit nor remove your own posts.. what if by mistake you post something for any no. of reasons you didn't want to post (proprietary code/content or whatever...) sorry, but you should be able to correct stuff like that, even hours after you post it.....
(I know you can edit for a few mins after you post, but well, this is not helping me at this point.....;-)
You can post a clarification if need be. You have about half an hour to edit a post, I believe, which is plenty for typos etc. Leaving the door open permanently is too big a door to spammers etc. If it's really important, you can flag a post for editing, but in general, the principle is to think carefully about what you post.
"flag the post for editing"???
thank you...
Click the orange flag to the bottom left of a post you want edited and make a request. That said, we don't do a lot of editing or post removal, as it's a lot of extra work that we don't need, and usually not necessary. As mentioned, it's fine to post a clarification, which is what you'd do in a normal conversation if you wanted to correct something you'd said.
ok, thank you Ralph....
report received and post edited
thank you very very much!!
I really appreciate you guys doing this on a weekend....:-)
This topic is now closed. New replies are no longer allowed.Available in fragrance free.5 litres. This British Made versatile antibacterial multi-purpose cleaner contains the best antimicrobial cleaning agents combined with fantastic disinfecting agents which clean and also prevent bacterial build up. Not only does
SDS included with each new order
Cleanse Smart General Purpose Cleaner 5l Hospital Quality
SKU: 364115378171453
£15.95Price
Local delivery in Darlington area ONLYA delicious blend of herbs believed to support restful sleep, including valerian, passionflower, and chamomile. BareOrganics’ delicious blend is crafted to help you fall asleep and stay asleep so that you awake each morning feeling your absolute best. It dissolves instantly into hot or cold water with a great-tasting berry lemonade flavor you can enjoy at home or on-the-go.
Net Weight: 12 packets
Serving Size: 1 Packet (6.5 G)
Servings Per Container: 5
Amount Per Serving
Inavea™ Pure Acacia (Organic Acacia Gum), Organic Reishi Mushroom Powder (fruiting Body), Organic Blue Spirulina Powder (whole Plant), Organic Chamomile Extract (flower), Organic Passionflower Herb Extract (flower),Organic Valerian Extract (root), Organic Lemon Balm Extract (aerial Parts), Organic Tart Cherry Powder (fruit)
Other Ingredients: Natural Flavor, Organic Hibiscus Flavor, Citric Acid, Organic Stevia (rebaudiana).
Certified Organic By: CCOF
Inavea™ Is A Registered Trademark Of Nexira
Suggested Use: Mix in 8 oz. of hot or cold water 30 minutes before bedtime and stir to dissolve.
Warning: Use only as directed. Consult your physician before use if you are pregnant or nursing, have a serious medical condition, or use prescription medications. Not recommended for children under the age of 14. Do not use if packet is opened or torn. KEEP OUT OF REACH OF CHILDREN. Store in a cool, dry place. Color of this product may vary due to color variations of the natural ingredients.On Wed, 4 Apr 2001, Rui Maia wrote: > i have some files mpeg, that when i had the fisrst version of the prorgam > and codecs it worked fine...now the colors of the mpegs are all mixed up. > just the top of the image is with the right colors. What hardware are you using? What video output driver? As the other messages have said, please send in a full bug report. After that, you may have success by configuring with --disable-dga2 --RAJSHAHI: A trial court here on Monday convicted a person and sentenced him to seven years jail on charge of distorting photos of Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina and Indian former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and uploading those in social media, reports BSS.
Judge of Rajshahi Cyber Tribunal Ziaur Rahman found the convict identified as Aktar Hossain, 45, guilty of the charge and pronounced the verdict in his presence in the court. The tribunal also fined Taka one lakh, in default, to suffer three months more behind the bar. Public Prosecutor of the tribunal Ismat Ara told the journalists that Aktar Hossain had posted the two objectionable photos in his face book on September 2, 2015.
After examining recorded depositions of five prosecution witnesses and other relevant evidence, the tribunal handed over the verdict on Monday.Just like camp!
Blog Written with a loving hand by kitt some time around 11:30 on 20 August 2005
Or, as Andy says, "Showers are for wimps." Morning of day two of BarCamp 2005 has begun, after staying up way too late, sleeping on the hard ground (also known as an office floor), greeting daylight way too early, and, well, desperately needing a shower. Ah, the sponge bath. After, I think, 4 hours of rough sleep (tap dancing on egg shells here with the disrupted sleep patterns), I joined Andy and Kaliya on journey to Whole Foods, all of 2 blocks away, for Day 2 breakfast. Nothing terribly exciting there, except for Andy's glorious rendition of (I had to ask) Kiss Me Kate's Brush up your Shakespeare. Few people get that glorious wake up call. So, at 11:30, the conference is well under way, with Riana leading the session on Industry Darlings. Geez, let me be able to stay awake until tonight. I might need to take notes to keep the eyes open.
Car hire BarassoAre you looking for quality and affordable car hire Barasso? Save up by booking your car rental in advance and online at CarHireCompany. We offer cheap and reliable all-inclusive car hire in Barasso. You can check the availability of rental cars in Barasso in the search engine. The advantage of renting a car in Barasso online is that you usually pay much less than on the spot when you arrive in Barasso.
Car rental BarassoCarHireCompany Barasso provides an overview of thousands of car rental locations in almost 100 countries around the world. We work with car rental companies that meet the highest quality standards; optimally insured and all inclusive.
Book rental car Barasso onlineBooking your rental car Barasso online is fast and easy. You can check the availability of rental cars in Barasso in the search engine and book your Barasso car hire of choice. An additional advantage of booking your rental car Barasso online is that you can trust that your rental car Barasso is available and ready on arrival in Barasso. That gives comfort, especially during the busy holiday seasons.
Arrival in BarassoUp on your arrival in Barasso, you will only need to pick up your rental car, saving you a lot of time and effort at the car rental company in Barasso. So your stay in Barasso can start right away in a fun way!
Advantages car rental BarassoThe advantages of renting a car online in Barasso through CarHireCompany:
- Unlimited mileage
- (Additional third-party liability insurance with a min. coverage of 7.5 million Euro
- Collision Damage Waiver (CDW)
- Theft protection (TP)
- Refund of excess
- Window-tire-undercarriage-roof coverage
- 24/7 emergency phone number
Read more about Barasso on Wikipedia.(Most of the humour collected here is in the public domain, unless otherwise specified.)
It has come to our attention that a few copies of the West Virginia edition of the latest Windows 10 may have accidentally been shipped outside West Virginia. If you have one of the West Virginia editions you may need some help understanding the commands. The West Virginia edition may be recognised by looking at the opening screen. It reads Winders Ate & Two with a background picture of General Lee superimposed on a Confederate flag. It is shipped with a Daisy Duke screen saver.
Also note:
The Recycle Bin is labelled Outhouse
My Computer is called This Infernal Contraption
Network is called Good Ol’ Boys
Control Panel is known as the Dern Dashboard
Hard Drive is referred to as Four Wheel Drive
Thumb Drives are them little ole plastic disk thangs.
And instead of an error message, you get a winder covered with a garbage bag and duct tape.
Other features:
OK = ats aww-right
cancel = hail no
reset = awa shoot
yes = shore
no = naaaaa
find = hunt-fer it
go to = over yonder
help = hep me out here
stop = ternit off
start = crank it up
settings = sittins
programs = stuff ‘at does stuff
documents = stuff I done
also note that winders ate does not recognise capital letters or punctuation marks
Some programs that are exclusive to Winders Ate & Two:
tiperiter = a word processor
colering book = a graphics program
addin mershene = calculator
scratch paper = notepad
jupe-box = CD player
inner-net = microsoft internet explorer
pichers = a graphics viewer
IRS = M/S accounting software
IRS2 = M/S accounting sofware with hidden files
fishin = Bass Anglers Sportsman Society records
NRA = National Rifle Association
shot gun = Remington arms price list
riffel = Winchester price list
pisstel = Smith and Wesson price list
truck = Ford and Chevrolet dealers in Kentucky by zip code
house = nearest mobile home repair service by zip code
car = same as truck
cuzzins = family history (usuall a 3 meg file)
tax records = usually an empty file
shells = ammunition inventory (another 3 meg file)
bud = list of Budweiser sellers by zip code
racin = NASCAR racing schedule includes a list of tv stations that carry the races
car n truck parts = nearest junk yard by zip code
doc = vetrinarians by zip code
We regret any inconvenience it may have cause if you received a copy of the West Virginia edition. You may return it to Micrsosoft for a replacement version.Read the new Robert Parker Wine Advocate November 2020 Week 3 Read November 2020 Week 3 Best of Bordeaux 2019 En Primeurs: The 20 Top-Scoring Wines Read Now for Free! Read the new Robert Parker Wine Advocate November 2020 Week 3 Read November 2020 Week 3 Previous Next. Access Our 450,000 Wine Reviews & Ratings Try One Month Free Now. Recommended Reads. France, Bordeaux: 2019 En Primeur Report Robert Parker created our original rating system with the first issue of The Wine Advocate, and it remains unchanged to this day. It employs a 100-point quality scale (in which wines are given a rating of 50 to 100 points), as Robert Parker believes that the various 20-point rating systems do not provide enough flexibility and often result in compressed and inflated wine ratings. Since its. Robert Parker is one of the world's most influential wine critics. A high score from the Wine Advocate can instantly boost a wine's reputation and, in many cases, its price as well. Wine-Searcher has collected all of the wines that have scored 100 points in The Wine Advocate below. For more information, including the wines which fell just short of 100 Parker points, see. Robert Parker (The Wine Advocate®) is, without doubt, one of the most influential critics in the history of wine. His ratings have had a great impact on the wine market and have contributed to increasing the price of certain fine wines. In tribute to this critic, worshipped by some and put down by others, we have compiled a list of all the wines that have received the legendary 100/100 Parker.
Parker-Punkte (PP) sind die Ergebnisse der Bewertungen von Wein seitens des US-amerikanischen Weinkritikers Robert Parker und seiner Mit-Autoren. Bewertungssystem. Parker-Punkte werden entsprechend dem amerikanischen Schulnoten-System vergeben, zwischen 50 und 100 Punkten. Die einzelnen Wertungen besagen: 96 bis 100 Punkte: außerordentlich An extraordinary wine of profound and complex. As a Commercial Subscriber, you are able to order official Robert Parker Wine Advocate rating bottle stickers to promote your wines. These Parker Points®️ stickers help provide customers with a quick and easy reference to the quality of your wines through Robert Parker Wine Advocate reviewers' professional judgment and helps your wine stand out from the rest on the shelves
About Robert Parker Reviewers Writer's Ethics RPWA Rating System Support FAQ Contact Us Join Us Personal Subscription Commercial Subscription Gift Subscription Subscription Agreement Terms and Conditions Redee Robert Parker, der US-amerikanische Weinkritiker. Der studierte Jurist hat sein Hobby zum Beruf gemacht und arbeitet seit nunmehr fast 30 Jahren als Weinfachjournalist. Als solcher hat er international Beachtung gefunden wie kein Zweiter. Sein revolutionäres Weinbewertungsystem ist mittlerweile ein relevanter Faktor für die Qualitätswahrnehmung von Weinen auf dem Weltmarkt. Robert Parker. The world's most trusted authority in wine for over 30 years. Unbiased, professional tasting notes, reviews, articles, videos, daily news and much more
See this list of Robert Parker 100-Point Wines.. In December 2012 Parker stepped back from his full-time. Wine Ratings by The Wine Advocate. Robert Parker is a renowned wine critic and publisher of The Wine Advocate. Parker is not the only critic at the Advocate and many wines are tasted by colleagues at the publication. Note that an RP next to a wine means that it was rated by Robert Parker's Wine Advocate, not necessarily Robert Parker himself. Reviewers & Regions: Robert Parker - Bordeaux. Robert Parker war derjenige, der dieses Bewertungssystem seit den 1980ern zum weltweiten Standard bei Weinverkostungen und Prämierungen machte. Gut zu wissen: Die 90 Parker-Punkte-Grenze ist bereits eine besondere Auszeichnung für den Winzer. Die vollen 100 Punkte werden von Parker sehr selten für einen Wein vergeben - passiert das doch, dann schnellt der Preis für den ausgezeichneten.
NEW RATINGS FROM ROBERT PARKER WINE ADVOCATE. 20 November 2020. Once again, our wines have been tasted by Robert Parker for Wine Advocate and have received the following scores: Manna Vigneti delle Dolomiti IGT 2018: 92 points; Lagrein Alto Adige DOC 2018: 92 points; Pinot Nero Alto Adige DOC 2018: 93+ points; Pinot Nero Schweizer Alto Adige DOC 2017: 93 points. Our press releases. Discover. Robert M. Parker Jr. is a leading U.S. wine critic with an international influence. His wine ratings on a 100-point scale: Parker Points ©. 96-100 An extraordinary wine of profound and complex character displaying all the attributes expected of a classic wine of its variety. Wines of this caliber are worth a special effort to find, purchase, and consum Der Wein-Papst schlechthin ist Robert Parker. The Wine Advocate Rating System von ihm ist das weltweit einflussreichste Ratingsystem für Weine. Sein Ratings Robert Parker - Wine Advocate 2020 Es ist uns eine Freude Ihnen mitzuteilen, dass Monica Larner von Robert Parker - Wine Advocate vor Kurzem einige unserer Weine bewertet hat: Südtirol DOC Weiss APPIUS 2015: 95+ P Südtirol DOC Pinot Noir Riserva The Wine Collection 2016: 95 P Südtirol DOC Sauvignon The Wine Collection 2017: 94 P Südtirol DOC Pinot Noir Riserva Sanct Valentin 2017. ..
New ratings by 'Robert Parker Wine Advocate' place us among the best for Rioja. Sierra Cantabria unveils new image 17 July, 2019. 30 Sierra Cantabria Wines Awarded 90 - 100 points in the Peñín Guide and on James Suckling's List 6 August, 2019. 0. 22 July, 2019. The Nieta 2016 was awarded 98 points and sixteen Viñedos y Bodegas Sierra Cantabria wines were awarded more than 90 points. Robert Parker Rating. By Pérez Pascuas 17 September 2020 No Comments. PÉREZ PASCUAS GRAN RESERVA GRAN SELECCIÓN 2014. The 2014 Pérez Pascuas Gran Selección Gran Reserva follows the classical path of the 2010 and 2012 vintages (it's only produced in exceptional years), really nuanced and complex, balanced and still young and even a little austere (these are never showy). The palate has.
Robert Parker, the long-standing and tastemaking wine critic, will retire from the world of professionally sniffing and swirling Bordeaux. The news was announced in the Wine Advocate, in which the. Robert Parker Wine Advocate Store. Welcome! At the new Robert Parker Wine Advocate store, y ou can purchase back issues of the print version of The Wine Advocate. You can also purchase Annual Regional Guides and books published by The Wine Advocate. PLEASE NOTE: Our online store is temporarily closed, effective from May 26, 2020. We have temporarily closed our online store in order to ensure. 94 points Robert Parker: There are 354 cases of the 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon Romeo, which has 2% Petit Verdot added in. A fabulous nose of creosote, charcoal embers, blackberry and cassis jumps... A fabulous nose of creosote, charcoal embers, blackberry and cassis jumps.. Robert Parker Ratings. Se vine der har fået imponerende ratings af Robert Parker. Læs mere. Helflaske 75 cl. 2015 Terroir Unico Malbec Gualtallary Zorzal Argentina - Rødvin - Helflaske 75 cl. Gastro. 92 point. KUN. DKK 89,95. pr. fl. v/12 flasker. Antal. Føj til kurv. 2015 Lafage Tessellae Old Vines Côtes du Roussillon Frankrig - Rødvin - Helflaske 75 cl. Robert Parker. 93 point. KUN. Robert Parker's Wine Advocate ratings technically use a 50-100-point scale, which he calls Parker Points. The breakdown of how he assigns a wine a particular score is as follows: Wine Advocate. 96 to 100 points - Extraordinary wines that display all attributes you'd expect to find in this variety; wines worth the extra effort to find, purchase, and consume. 90 to 95 points - This is the.
'It is with mixed feelings that I announce that Robert M Parker Jr will, as of today, be formally hanging up his wine criticism boots and retiring from Robert Parker Wine Advocate,' said Perotti-Brown. 'His contribution to significantly raising the bar of critical, unbiased wine writing and wine quality cannot be overestimated. His unrivalled tasting experience and expert, straight. Reproduce Robert Parker's Wine Advocate copyrighted logo, tasting notes, and scores in all sales and marketing materials Order official Robert Parker's Wine Advocate rating stickers Robert Parker's Wine Advocate Trade Directory listing (Monthly traffic to RobertParker.com: 1 million visitors*) Get Commercial. Frequently Asked Questions I purchased a subscription, but I didn't get any. Learn about Vivino's wine rating system including how our ratings compare to scores from experts like Robert Parker and Wine Enthusiast. Share While wine experts have traditionally used a 100-point scoring system, in which 90+ point wines are superior wines and 95+ point wines are extraordinary, Vivino uses a 5-star rating system in which users can rate any wine 1 - 5 stars. This kind of. merit an outstanding rating with another 4-6 months in bottle. It boasts a deep ruby/purple.
The results are in, at least according to Robert Parker. The wine ranker has released his highly-anticpiated ratings of 2009 Bordeaux, with 21 wines earning top scores potentially reaching 100 points Robert Parker Bordeaux 2019 Left bank. PRESALE Netherlands: Jane Anson, Inside Bordeaux. A ground-breaking guide to the region. Support Bordoverview: buy Bordeaux 2019 at Bolomey Wijnimport Amsterdam. Overview settings: Wine Year AOC. Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée (AOC) AOC stands for Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée. It tells you where the wine comes from, its origin. It also. Locations Wine Reviewed by Robert Parker, Wine Advocate. Previous Post Next Post. - Robert M. Parker, Jr..
Robert Parker calls 2009 the greatest Bordeaux vintage in history and gives 18 Wines 100 Pts! List of the wines scoring 100 Pts and comment Her ratings, on a 20-point scale, are second only to Robert Parker's in terms of influence and provide a valuable counterpoint to the American's scores. Differences in opinion between the two critics provide lively points of debate to wine followers Rating Robert Parker: Young wine, not so bad after all? 75% of wines receiving perfect scores had a maturity of either young or early. Clinton Stark. 01.12.2011. Maybe you should drink that wine instead of putting it away for a few years. According to some napkin math that I performed based on yet another interesting post over on Fermentation by the illustrious wine PR man himself, Tom. Dr. Robert Parker, MD is a Ophthalmology Specialist in Claremore, OK and has over 28 years of experience in the medical field. He graduated from University of Oklahoma College of Medicine medical school in 1992. He is affiliated with Hillcrest Hospital Claremore. He is accepting new patients. Be sure to call ahead with Dr. Parker to book an appointment . Home » News » On Friday, we published our latest Issue —the largest of this year thus far, with over 5,100 wine reviews and 21 articles spanning 18 major wine regions from nine countries around the world. (Our reviewers have really outdone themselves.) Luis Gutiérrez may have set another new record with the number of wines reviewed.
Parker's Wine Buyer's Guide: The Complete, Easy-to-Use Reference on Recent Vintages, Prices, and Ratings for More than 8, 000 Wines from All the Major Wine Regions, 7th Edition [Parker, Robert M.] on Amazon.com. *FREE* shipping on qualifying offers. Parker's Wine Buyer's Guide: The Complete, Easy-to-Use Reference on Recent Vintages, Prices, and Ratings for More than Robert Parker / Wine Advocate . Ro.
Robert Parker ratings for Borgo Maragliano. By enoteca. Posted 03/08/2020. In Awards, Blog, Producer Information, Products, Reviews. 0. Monica Larner rated for Robert Parker's Wine Advocate 4 wines from Borgo Maragliano and we are happy to share these results with you. For more information, please click on the pictures of the (recently restyled !) bottles and find out everything about the. Wine Future Hong Kong 2011 Robert Parker Magical 20 Tasting in China, Robert Parker discusses his 20 favorite 2009 Bordeaux wines in Chin Robert Parker 2010 Bordeaux Scores Out. 10 Wines hit 100 Points! Details on the the best wines of the vintage according to Robert Parker
Robert Parker 100 Point Wines.. .vinos.d GMX Suche - schnell, übersichtlich, treffsicher finden. Suchvorschläge bereitgestellt durch GMAs things are going now, there will be no transfer of Simon Vukicevic to FC Sarajevo.
A Montenegrian national team player is closer to the signing for one of Polish or Asian clubs, as confirmed by his representative Muhamed Harbas.
“Unfortunately, FC Sarajevo, and especially our clubs are unable to match the offers of European clubs. Despite my great desire, but also a desire of the administration of FC Sarajevo, probably will not come to the realization of the transfer. I wish a lot of luck to the club from Kosevo in the future and I promise to their fans that I will soon bring a player in the rank of Simon Vukicevic“, said Muhamed Harbas, the representative of Simon Vukicevic.
Until now, FC Sarajevo engaged Anel Hebibovic from Velez and Almir Bekic from Sloboda.
(Source: klix.ba)Introduction
A social trend is any form of behavior that may develop within a large population. The people involved follow the trend collectively for a considerable time span. This is because a certain type of behavior is considered novel by the majority of people. These social trends have a significant effect on the ethical leadership in public administration. They create opportunities and pose challenges for people involved in public administration. This calls for more dedication from these leaders. They have to remember that public organizations are not profit motivated.
Implications
Public administration is as old as the government. Therefore, it has witnessed all the technological changes during many centuries. This has profoundly affected the ethical leadership. To start with, changing technologies have constantly altered the environment in which governments are operating. New information and communication technologies have been continuously emerging. This has enabled the rapid distribution and diffusion of information on a global scale. In turn, this has enabled the members of the public to demand higher standards and levels of transparency, ethics and accountability in the public sector. This not only demands high performance of the public sector but prevents corruption at the same time.
Get a price quote:
The main factor that contributes to unethical leadership in the public sector is the prioritization of the people involved. Some of the leaders put their self-interest before that of the public. Such actions lead to corruption. As a result of technological changes and advancements, such activities have been substantially reduced since they can be easily identified. Organizations that monitor the activities of the government have cropped up. Global membership in these organizations has also been allowed by the dominant technologies which have been invented (Stillman, 2009). For example, the Division for Public Administration and Development Management (DPADM) has the role of fostering ethical governance in public administration. It supports the setting of global and international standards for the public sector. This helps to keep the government leadership in check.
Technological changes have also allowed international dialogue. Global exchange of ideas and experiences has, since, become easy. Therefore, the public understand their rights more than before. This means that they can realize and discover unethical ways in which the government acts. They are aware more of the standards that the government should meet in public administration nowadays. In general, technology, as a social trend, has one key implication on the ethical leadership in public administration. It demands higher standards and levels of ethics. Unlike the ways such activities have been performed earlier, the government cannot hide from this now. This is because people now understand what they are entitled to.
Opportunities
Public administration has become easier as a result of technological advancement. E-public administration may be difficult to adopt. However, once it is adopted, it becomes easier to carry out the necessary activities. This is because information diffuses rather rapidly. This way the law can be implemented with exceptional ease. The rapid information diffusion is facilitated by the development of social networks. Therefore, all the activities of the government that require the transfer of information become simplified. This is an opportunity for the government to deliver its services efficiently. Therefore, technology enhances the competence of the public administration leaders.
There are certain problems that emerge from time to time, though. These issues create situations that require a thorough research. In turn, such investigations require technology. The new technologies, which emerge every day, ensure that the research is carried out properly. This means that the leaders are able to exhibit competence through the developing technologies (Martinez, 2009). The only challenge lies in adopting these new technologies. Once they have been adopted, they provide enormous opportunities. Technology also helps in educating the citizens of different countries. As a result, they begin to understand the laws better than before. This means that the work of public administrators becomes easier. Implementing government policies in an educated population is much easier than in a non-educated society. That is why one can conclude that this social trend contributes positively to ethical leadership in public administration.
The adoption and implementation of new advancements in technology require considerable knowledge from the leaders. Therefore, the opportunities that come with it cannot be effectively utilized without information. This means that personnel must be trained and educated properly. This ensures that information is passed to the leaders who occupy influential positions. It would be awkward if the public adopted technologies and trends that could not be adopted by the public administration. This would result to incompetence which, in turn, represents the lack of ethical values.
Challenges
Public sector ethics has one principal function. It favors and calls for a more open atmosphere. This is a positive fact with regard to ethical leadership. However, this still poses some serious challenges in the public sector. Just like other organizations, public corporations have to exhibit professional competence. This may seem like a luxury for the public. However, it is not a luxury. It is a requirement that amounts to ethical leadership. The lack of professional competence means that the leaders are not ethical. Thus, they have to struggle to keep up with the changing standards. Such professional competence was a simpler task in the past (Winston & Edelbach, 2005). It was not prone to high changes as it is right now. For the government to exhibit competence, it has to keep up with the changing technologies and trends. This means adopting fresh information and communication systems.
The adoption of the newest technologies is a challenge in itself. Leaders of the public sector might find themselves at a great risk of being obsolete. The knowledge of the changing scientific and technological changes is mandatory in this case. Failure to reach these changing standards represents the lack of proper ethics. However, this is not the only challenge technology poses on the public sector. There are also other factors that arise after the technology has been adopted. For example, the modification or destruction of files and software is an activity that amounts to unethical behavior (Geuras & Garofalo, 2010). There are various reasons as to why the leaders might engage in such behavior. They could destroy or modify files in order to erase data that may directly affect their personal lives. However, the decisions that they make should be based on public interest. Self-interest should not be in question or consideration. Another factor is the respect for the individuals’ intellectual property. This includes things such as patents and copyrights. This is also a role that should be met by public administrators.
These are some of the challenges that technology has on the public administration. Like any other social trends, it causes the government to alter its behavior and activities in order to suit the needs of all individuals. This may even call for the resignation of some members in this sector. This is because they may be lacking the relevant knowledge to adopt and implement the trends which emerged due to the changes in the world. However, there exists a solution to this problem. The public sector should develop agencies whose main task will be monitoring and identifying any technological changes that occur. As a result, it will be much easier for the government to adopt these changes into their system. Therefore, their professional competence will not be doubted (Rainey, 2009). After the adoption of the technologies, the leaders of the public administration should ensure that there are no violations of their code of conduct and ethical requirements. In this way, they will ensure that their leadership is both relevant and ethical.
Conclusion
This essay proves how dynamic the lives of human beings can be. This is seen from changes in technology and social trends that arise on a daily basis. People want to keep up with the changing world in order to fit in it. This results to the existence and continuous emergence of social trends. Some of these trends could be favorable to ethical leadership while some would not. However, this should not be at the expense of ethical leadership, especially in the case of public administration. Therefore, the leaders have a role to play, as well as the people who are affected by these social trends in the nations.LIFE IS SIMPLY BETTER ON THE WATER. And we’re of the firm belief that a luxury cruise brings to life the very best cruising has to offer: a resplendent watercraft, impeccable service and amenities, and rare exposure to experiences you’d be hard pressed to find on an ordinary cruise. Indeed, when you work with the luxury cruise specialists of 58 Stars, you will experience a cruise that is nothing short of extraordinary.
Ocean and sea cruises offer an all-inclusive opportunity to experience the most exotic locations, while traveling across miles of open water.
Whether you’re part of the exclusive circle of the Seabourn Experience, are taking in the Crystal Experience showcasing the world and its wonders, or aboard the elite vessels and personalized service of Silversea, you’ll enjoy premium wines and spirits, delicious gourmet cuisine, and personalized experiences. Or, decide that a larger ship experience is more appealing to you with the unique styles of Celebrity Cruises, Holland America, or Princess Cruises. Or, maybe you want to experience the world by water. Luxury world cruises and boutique cruises are filled with exciting exploration, wonderful nights of entertainment, and the opportunity to meet and connect with other peoples and cultures. And because these are all-inclusive boutique and world cruises, you can sit back, relax, and enjoy, trusting that our travel agent specialists that specialize in cruises picked the perfect journey that suits you.
Get in touch with a specialist
Luxury river cruises offer a relaxing, immersive, charming, and history-filled experience on some of the most beautiful rivers in the world.
Because of our travel agents that specialize in cruises, you’ll be able to experience a cruise that offers amenities best fit for you – exploring each region’s fine wines, Europe’s best golf courses, or cycling adventures through the charming towns and countryside. Explore Central Europe’s Danube on AmaWaterways, or take in Germany along the Rhine on Viking River Cruises, or experience Vietnam’s bustling cities and Cambodia’s sleepy villages with Uniworld cruises. 58 Stars has travel agent specialists that specialize in cruises to help you decide on the best one for you.
Get in touch with a specialist
If open water is calling you but thousands of people on a ship is not appealing, our luxury cruise specialists offer a wide-ranging collection of small craft and boutique cruise options.
From the motorized and upscale sailing yachts of Windstar, to full-sail schooners from Star Clippers, and small expedition vessels from Linblad, these are vacations that cater to those interested in small-group journeys, or a boutique cruise, with multitudes of excursions and active experiences.
Get in touch with a specialist
Group cruise packages provide a great opportunity for everyone to feel like they’ve enjoyed a personalized experience, and a more cost-effective journey.
Group cruisers can opt to experience it all together, or find those moments when they can go their own way. Our cruise booking agents can help build group cruise packages for those celebrating a reunion, birthday, honeymoon, wedding, or common interest. So many options on so many large and boutique cruise lines.
Get in touch with a specialistEnergy is a basic need, and many Americans are struggling to afford it in the COVID-19 recession4 min read
Several.
More than half of the states temporarily barred utilities from disconnecting customers who were unable to pay their bills due to financial hardship in the early months of the economic downturn. Still, extrapolating our findings to the national level suggests that approximately 800,000 low-income households may have recently had their electricity disconnected.
And the problem could get worse as the economy continues to struggle. As scholars who study energy policy, the environment and energy justice, we believe energy assistance should be a central part of ongoing state and federal relief efforts.
Energy insecurity affects well being
Energy insecurity is already a widespread problem in the U.S. It disproportionately affects those at or below the poverty line, Black and Hispanic households, families with young children, people with disabilities and those who use electronic medical devices. Our survey is the first to try to quantify it among low-income households.
When families cannot afford to keep their lights on, or heat or cool their homes to comfortable temperatures, they suffer physically and mentally. Risks include exposure to dampness, mold and humidity; dangerous practices, such as using stoves for space heating; and feelings of chronic stress, anxiety and depression.
Before 2020, energy insecurity was expected to worsen due to rising energy costs, coupled with more frequent heat waves and cold spells due to climate change. Now the COVID-19 pandemic presents an additional, unprecedented challenge.
Unemployment remains high. Power shutoff moratoriums in many states are reaching their expiration dates. Many households will struggle to cover monthly expenses such as energy bills, along with necessities such as rent and groceries.
Job losses, energy challenges
We surveyed a nationally representative sample of households at or below 200% of the federal poverty line, which is about US$51,500 for a family of four. YouGov, a private polling and market research firm, conducted the survey online from April 30, 2020 through May 25, 2020 for our Indiana University research team.
The survey was taken by 2,381 respondents. It included questions about energy expenses, household energy behavior and activities since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic..
[You need to understand the coronavirus pandemic, and we can help. Read The Conversation’s newsletter.]
Households facing such hardships must choose between covering energy costs and other expenses. Approximately 22% of respondents reported that in the previous month they had reduced or put off expenses for basic needs like medicine or food in order to pay their energy bills.
Energy insecurity has increased
As people spend more time at home through the hot summer months, many are using more energy for essential services. They are running air conditioners, refrigerators, cooking appliances and electronic and medical devices. And, as the school year begins, students attending school from home will need to power computers and other devices..
Federal and state governments can help. For example, Congress could pass legislation imposing a universal moratorium on utility shutoffs. And state regulators could prevent utilities from charging late and reconnection fees while the pandemic persists and people remain unemployed. Following a moratorium, regulators could also consider debt forgiveness as households recover.
Governments and organizations – public, private and nonprofit – can also offer bill assistance to vulnerable households and financial assistance to small businesses. One way would be to expand the federal Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program, or LIHEAP, or other financial assistance programs, such as unemployment benefits and the Paycheck Protection Program. The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, or CARES Act, provided $900 million in supplemental funding for LIHEAP, but this only scratches the surface of what is needed.
Governments should also consider increasing funding for the Department of Energy’s Weatherization Assistance Program. This program represents a longer-term solution that can help low-income households save money on energy bills by repairing and upgrading key components like furnaces and ducts, and ensuring that houses are well insulated, sealed and ventilated..
The article was published at Energy is a basic need, and many Americans are struggling to afford it in the COVID-19 recession.We’re accredited!
Extract Technology is proud to announce that we have once again gained re-accreditation with the Workplace Wellbeing Charter, the national accreditation standard that recognises an organisations commitment to improving the lives of people who work there.
Alan Wainwright, Managing Director comments:
We are delighted and proud to achieve reaccreditation to the Workplace Welling Charter.
Since first achieving accreditation 5 years ago the team has worked extremely hard in embedding good practices throughout our organisation at all levels.
An output from our previous assessment was to look at further areas we could build on the successful work to date around the eight subject topics, showing continued development and growth in many areas.
Using the structure and framework supports our commitment to improving wellbeing within our business.
Well done all!Soil microbes define dangerous rates of climate changeNovember 29th, 2010 in Other Sciences / Mathematics
The rate of global warming could lead to a rapid release of carbon from peatlands that would further accelerate global warming.
Two recent studies published by the Mathematics Research Institute at the University of Exeter highlight the risk that this .
More information:
-- Soil carbon and climate change: from the Jenkinson effect to the compost-bomb instability onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1365-2389.2010.01312.x/abstract
-- Excitability in ramped systems: the compost-bomb instability rspa.royalsocietypublishing.org/content/early/2010/11/24/rspa.2010.0485.full.pdf+html
Provided by University of Exeter
"Soil microbes define dangerous rates of climate change." November 29th, 2010.6pcs D6 RPG Dice - Brown Donut in Clear Resin
FEATURES
- Product SKU:
FC-EBBA-100095
- Length ( cm):
1.5 cm
- Width ( cm):
1.5 cm
- Height ( cm):
1.5 cm
- Product ideas:
Role playing games
- Number of Items:
6 pcs
- Product list:
6 D6
- Brand:
Flux Crafts
- Product Colour:
Brown
- Product type:
RPG Dice set
- Material type:
Resin
- Product features:
Donut filling
- Font Colour:
White
DESCRIPTION
A listing for an tasty dice suitable for all manner of tabletop role playing games, each die has a little donut in its resin that catches the light as it rolls adding a touch that even the most corrupt of sorcerers couldn't resist. From DND to Pathfinder, Characters to Games Masters these dice will have you rolling in rings.Websites for emta modem comcast
Where can I use my own emta cable modem with comcast -
Federal Law Suit Challenges Comcast ’s Policy Requiring Rental Of
Cisco DPQ3212 eMTA Modem - Welcome - Please Select Your
emta modem comcast - BuyCheapr.com
XFINITY Voice Modem ( eMTA ) requirements - Comcast | My
Comcast : What modems and EMTAs are available for use with
Comcast compatible eMTA VOIP Modem - Tech Support Forum
Comcast 's New VOIP Modems Offer Blackout Protection | News
DOCSIS 3.0 Cable Modems : Wireless & eMTA - Motorola
[CDV] Cheapest EMTA modem available to buy? - Comcast HSI
Looking for COMCAST compatible eMTA VOIP modem -
Comcast speeds with an EMTA ( Comcast Digital Voice)
HELP! EMTA device needed for Comcast Triple Play? - CNET
View topic - Best Comcast Modem Supporting Digital Voice -
Comcast , Xfinity, Optimum, Twc,cablevision + More Dpc2203 Emta
emta modems for comcast - Walmart.com
Comcast eMTA modem relocation - Comcast HSI | DSLReports
ARRIS TM722G DOCSIS 3.0 TELEPHONY ( EMTA) MODEM(Comcast
Challenge: DOCSIS 3.0 modem with phone line that works with
Comcast goes full-footprint with Dory gateway | News | CED
emta modem - GoSale - Comparison Shopping, Reviews, and Deals
DOCSIS Cablemodem / eMTA Vendors | docsis.org
Cisco Model EPC2607 Channel-Bonding Cable Modem w/ EMTAStory highlights
Female northern white rhino dies
Untreatable ruptured cyst caused death
Nabire's ovary harvested
Sole surviving male under 24-hour armed guard
And then there were four.
Nabire, a female northern white rhino, died of a ruptured cyst on Monday at a Czech Republic Zoo, leaving only four known northern white rhinos on Earth.
The 31-year-old rhino’s cyst was so huge, it was untreatable, a rhino curator at the Dvur Kralove zoo said in a statement.
“It is a terrible loss. Nabire was the kindest rhino ever bred in our zoo. It is not just that we were very fond of her. Her death is a symbol of the catastrophic decline of rhinos due to senseless human greed,” the zoo’s director Premysl Rabas said in a statement.
The northern white rhino has been hunted to the brink of extinction for its horn, fueled by the belief in Asia that it cures various illnesses. The highly prized horn is made of keratin – the same material that makes up human hair and fingernails.
The only living male, 42-year-old Sudan, lives in Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya, under 24-hour armed guard. His horn has been cut off to deter poachers.
The fate of the subspecies rests on his armored shoulders, and on the two female northern white rhinos at the conservancy, Fatu and Najin, who also once lived at the Czech Republic Zoo.
“Sudan is currently old and may not be able to naturally mount and mate with a female,” said George Paul, a deputy veterinarian at the conservancy.
Internet-famous baby giraffe Kipenzi dies at Dallas Zoo
In addition, he has a low sperm count, experts say.
Najin could conceive, but her hind legs are so weak, she may be unable to support a mounted male.
“There has been recorded mating between different pairs over the last few years, but not conceptions,” said Paul.
The fourth remaining member of this dwindling subspecies, Nola, lives at the San Diego Zoo.
The dead rhino’s potentially healthy ovary and other tissue has been taken to an Italian laboratory, where her eggs may be harvested for future in vitro fertilization, the zoo said.
The northern white rhino’s cousins, the more populous southern white rhino, may serve as surrogate mothers, as could the remaining northern white rhino females.
“It is our moral obligation to try to save them. We are the only ones, perhaps with San Diego Zoo, who have enough of collected biological material to do so. We are aware that our chances are slim, but the hopes are still alive,” said Rabas.
11 wildlife experiences that could vanish in your lifetime
CNN’s Faith Karimi contributed to this report.One of the many leftist mental breakdowns I’ve seen lately involves Trump’s announcement of a Space Corps.
My quite favorite tweet about it was this:
As you can tell, this woman, a luminary of my field (at least if you listen to critics and award givers), has decided to completely enter a science fiction universe, in which science is some sort of religion, which is supported by “belief” and can be “denied” instead of a discipline of arduous investigation of reality. Note also that the gods of Jemisin’s “science” won’t work for white supremacists. In point of fact, Nazis — who were the only white supremacists with any power in living memory — did okay at science (until they subjugated it to ideology). In her universe, also, Trump has “defense buddies” which, as we all know, is some sort of cabal that of course doesn’t believe that the country needs to be “defended”—because, duh, a country that has no borders doesn’t need defense (it needs the prayers for the dead, but that’s something else) – but wants to make money off guns and other evil! bad! deplorable! stuff. In this universe, also, we apparently have children “prison camps.”
One must award her points for either the performance art or the inventiveness of her creation. I mean, other leftists are nattering on about children in cages and children in jails, without (by the way) the slightest connection to reality, but good old N. K. Jemisin can be counted on to go one further and invent children prison camps. Now if only she could carry a plot in a bucket, she might appeal to people beyond her echo chamber.
But she’s not the only one with her panties in a bunch about a Space Corps. (Dear Jemisin, is Trump funneling money to his “defense buddies,” if that’s what you really think is happening, better or worse than Obama funneling money into the renewable energy boondoggles like Solyndra? Justify that. Show us the math. – Love and kisses, Sarah) Unfortunately, I saw insanity from the right too, in the Libertarian/conservative groups I belong to.
“I don’t like it; it will lead to the militarization of space.” “We don’t need to extend war outside the Earth.”
So, this is where I put my hands on my hips and speak with no restraint.
Guys, seriously. Where have humans gone that war hasn’t gone?
Earth, sea, under the sea, and the air, every time we extend our domain to a new frontier, war follows. Infantry, Navy, Submarine Corps, Airforce.
You can sit there all day and moan about the inhumanity (not true. It’s very much the humanity) and wish it were otherwise, but you can’t prevent it from happening.
Heinlein, curiously, in one of his novels had a space force devoted to keeping the peace on Earth. This was young (relatively), idealistic Heinlein and in his defense, he had seen what the League of Nations became, but not what the UN would be.
In Space Cadet, the Space Patrol is run by a multinational body, and its duty is to prevent war from happening. In the real world the only teeth our multinational body – the UN (I don’t remember if it was the same in Space Cadet) – has are those the U.S. gives it. And honestly, it would be better if we didn’t. Their supervisory bodies supposed to prevent everything from abuses against women and children to terrorism are shot through with countries that are prime exporters of such ills; its peace committee included countries like Russia and China at the height of the nuclear buildup; and its human rights committees includes/included at various points such luminaries as Syria.
In fact, any international body where voting/recognition is by country is going to include mostly kakistocracies and kleptocracies, for the simple reason that such systems make up a majority of the forms of governance known to humans.
Instead of preventing war, the UN is a body of intrigue and propaganda against western democracies, with each of the kleptocracies fighting only to be first in line for the Danegeld.
Which is why we must have a Space Corps.
Why?
Because the only peace this tired world has known for the last three-quarters of a century – in spots, here and there, at that – is the one that the U.S. has purchased for the last seventy years, with blood, treasure, sweat, and courage.
Europe has not eaten itself – yet – in another of their cyclical blood-soakings because the U.S. has taken most of their defense off their hands. Whether that’s a good or bad thing, considering this has given them delusions that socialism works, delusions which are spreading across the Atlantic, is something I can’t tell you. But the fact we’ve acted as their myrmidons is the only thing that has kept them from being taken by the Soviet Union (I have it on good authority they had replacement road signs in Cyrillic, to direct their tanks all the way to Portugal).
As far as the rest of the world, when we’ve seen really bad flareups, like the ones that fed most of Africa to Soviet-controlled Cuban forces, or the ones that gave most of South America to proxies for the Soviets, or the recent melt-downs in the Middle East, that was when Americans were preoccupied with their internal affairs and elected people like Jimmy Carter or, heaven help us, Barack Obama, who also thought war “should” not happen. Such presidents didn’t realize we lived in an arduously bought Pax Americana and instead thought if the U.S. sat quietly at home, the rest of the world would be suffused in peace, flowers and unicorn farts. Those were the periods where the world burned and millions died.
Should there be war in space?
Oh, heck, no. If I ran the universe and were designing it to order, the human race would only be interested in peaceful scientific development (real science, not the religion dear Jemisin believes in) and exploration, and we’d all hold hands across the universe and sing kumbaya, or at least about a Coke and a smile.
But in the real world, if the United States doesn’t get ready to defend space, you know what will happen? China, or Russia, or who knows what will get there first. Nations will shoot down each other’s satellites and destroy each other’s colonies.
What is going to stop them? A treaty? The UN? How?
While I’m sure the UN would be happy to deploy its forces in the service of its “resolutions,” the same resolutions that time after time condemn Israel — the only representative government in the Middle East — while praising countries where women are wrapped in sofa covers, gays are thrown from roofs, and kids are taught to commit suicide in order to kill “infidels,” its forces tend to be effective only in procuring underage sex partners and adding to the local corruption.
Do I think the U.S. should be Space Police, as well as world police? No, I don’t. I have a little rant I can read you if you have two hours.
But in the world as it is, devoid of shoulds and woulds and coulds and wishful thinking, the U.S. is all that stands between the Earth and some tyrannical regime becoming good enough at space tech to get there and control and dominate us. I don’t know if Heinlein’s idea of throwing rocks from the Earth to the moon is still considered scientifically sound, but I do know that space is really high up above the Earth, and that from a high position you can do all sorts of interesting military things. Things we don’t want China or Russia or heck, Saudi Arabia, doing to us.
Right now, in this time, in this place, the U.S. is the only country whose military will use its power not to subjugate all others, but to keep other nations free.
Right now, in this time, in this place, the U.S. is the country whose sons and daughters will join the Space Corps to give blood and sweat and treasure to keeping peace and liberty.
No, we shouldn’t need a Space Corps. No, we shouldn’t need to defend ourselves from war in space. But the world isn’t made of “should.” It’s made of reality.
And since that’s the reality, yeah, we need a Space Corps. So the Earth stays peaceful long enough that in the vastness of space, peace and liberty might flourish. If we’re very lucky.Modeh Ani
- The meaning of the words and problems with the naive translation
- Two roles for prayer
- Yehudah and Modeh — connectedness
- Hakaras haTov — thankfulness and the nature of chesed
[…] while back I blogged a recording of a shiurÂ I gave on Modeh Ani.Â The sound quality on the recording was too poor for the shiur to be made out by most […].)Cary Elwes Kicked Off Stranger Things Season 3 Hype With A Throwback Pic
By Britt Lawrence last updated
Filming for Stranger Things Season 3 has officially begun, and actor Cary Elwes was on Twitter to kick off coverage of his experience working on the show. Elwes is set to star in the third season of the mega-popular Netflix series. In a tweet commemorating his Stranger Things experience, Elwes showed off an old-school Polaroid picture of him posing with one of his new co-stars, Joe Keery. You can see the awesome picture below:
The news that Cary Elwes had joined the cast as one of the three new characters announced for the third season was confirmed by Deadline, less than a week ago. Elwes will play Mayor Larry Kline. He not described in favorable terms, so you can probably cross him off the list of potential good guys. As mayor, Kline is "slick" and "sleazy," putting a higher priority on what makes him look good than what's good for the people of Hawkins. In the picture Elwes posted, he is posing with Joe Keery, who plays Steve.
Steve was the breakout fan-favorite of Season 2. Is the fact that Elwes is posing with Keery a hint that Steve could be involved in scenes with the Mayor? Stay tuned. Given that Steve has turned things around in Season 2, any interaction he has with the Mayor will probably be in the hope of doing good.
Remember, Mayor Kline is not a great guy. Of course, his Season 3 storyline could change that. As Cary Elwes said in the caption of his tweet, "stranger things have happened," right? While fans will undoubtedly speculate as to what this picture could mean for Steve in Season 3, there is something else worth wondering about as well.
With Cary Elwes' casting comes the chance for the Duffer Brothers to have some fun with one of the late 80's biggest stars. The second season of Stranger Things was set in the autumn of 1984. Elwes' career was a few years shy of kicking into high gear at the time. Three years later in 1987, Elwis would have his breakthrough role in the beloved fantasy film, The Princess Bride. The movie is one of the most iconic of the 1980s.
The show would have to jump forward three years to have some fun with The Princess Bride's release and the fact the lead actor bears a striking resemblance to the Mayor. That makes the possibility of such a scenario playing out less likely, despite the awesomeness of its potential. The third season of Stranger Things will only have eight episodes.
A release date for Stranger Things Season 3 has not been announced yet. To find out what other series are set to arrive on Netflix and when, check out our guide to all of the new and returning shows set to debut on the streaming service via our 2018 Netflix premiere rundown. As for what else is coming up.Canyoneering Terminology
Section 8
A glossary of the words or terminology that are commonly used, said, and made-fun of in Canyoneering.
I've also added my opinion on some of the words so you don't sound like a complete noob when you are among your fellow canyoneering comrades.
Abseil - A German word that literally means "down rope" ("ab" = down, "seil" = rope). Non-U.S. folks will use this term to do what people living in the United States call "rappelling". In other words, it means exactly the same thing as going down the rope.
Anchor - this is what we refer to where your rappel rope will be connecting to, e.g. a tree trunk, a large rock or boulder, a bolted anchor on the wall, or even a "meat anchor" which means using a person(s). Your rappelling weight (which also means force in this context) will all be held up by this "anchor". Sometimes you will hear the term "bomber anchor". It means that the anchor is installed properly and is going to hold a lot of weight/force. A "marginal" anchor is less than ideal one due to the lack of bolts or natural objects (tress, roots, rocks, sand, and water) in a canyon, or a flat out poorly installed anchor (and location).
Approach - this is the (hiking) path that you take from the trailhead to reach the literal slot-canyon portion. Some involve a 5 minute hike and others might take you 5 hours (or more) just to reach the canyon itself.
Ascend - to climb UP a rope. One must use a special system in order to climb a rope, in case you cannot retrieve your rappelling rope.
ATC - a famous descender/rappel device made by Black Diamond. The better version to use for canyoneering is the ATC-XP as it contains "teeth" which adds another "mode" to add friction while you rappel. They range between $20-30 and have their pros and cons. The canyoneering community doesn't suggest using an ATC-XP unless for the shortest of rappels (less than 50 feet) as one cannot add more friction while rappelling, and one cannot lock off the device.
ATS - a descender/rappel device made by Sterling.
Belay - a "middle English" word meaning "to beset". In nautical terms, to "belay that order" means to "stop" or "cancel". In canyoneering terminology, it means to prevent a rappeller from falling if they lose control of a rappel by not having enough friction (which is a common mishap), getting hit in the head by a rock from up above, or having a medical emergency and they lose grip of the rope.
There are two types of belays for rappelling: 1) top-rope belay and 2) bottom-rope belay. The bottom-belay is the most common and is performed by doing a "fireman's belay". descent. A top-rope belay in canyoneering means to attach a second-rope to them and using another rappel/descender device you would essentially "lower" the rappeller down the precipice. This can happen if the rappeller is unable (or uncomfortable) with rappelling. As a caution, please practice belays in a simulated or testing environment before real-world experience.
For additional information on performing a belay: see this Climbing.com article.
Belay Loop - This loop is found on rappelling harnesses and is distinguishable by the off-color one from the other loops. This is the life-supporting loop where you attach yourself via a carabiner or load-bearing knot to the rappel device or P.A.S (Personal Anchor System) or safety tether.
Belayer - the title of the person performing the bottom-rope belay or top-rope belay.
Bend (rope) - in rope terminology, a "bend" is what is the correct name for when you want to join two ropes together via a knot. IE - Double Fisherman Bend, Water Bend (if using two different strands of webbing).
Beta - the information that contains that always changing canyon conditions or route information. "Beta" in software terminology means that the software is changing and not complete. Or in other words, expect change. Likewise with canyoneering. If you read about a report of a group going down having an epic time, you may or may not experience the same thing. So go in prepared for changing conditions. Primarily when it comes to water in the canyon. There could be more or less. And that could make it easier or harder! That's why the term "beta" is used. The information is only accurate as the day it was published. To be fair though, beta providers do change their information if they hear anything from the community. But water levels and anchor conditions are the primary changing factors in canyoneering.
Bight (rope) - an "Old English" word with germanic origin meaning "a bend or angle". In rope terminology, the curved section of the rope that is being tied into a knot. Commonly mistaken as a "loop".
Biner (same as Carabiner) - prnounced "bean-er" and is slang for the full-name of Carabiner. Canyoneers will use the two words: "biner" and "carabiner" interchangeably. There is no difference between except, the word "carabiner" has 4 syllables while "biner" has 2 so it's faster to say the latter.
Biner Block - an option of a static-block used for rigging a rappel. A carabiner is used in conjugation with a hitch knot, such as a clove hitch. A carabiner that is bigger than the quicklink/rapide is a must.
Bivvy (same as Bivouac/Bivy) - the English shortened word for Bivouac (pronounced "biv-oo-ack"). A French, low German word - "biwacht" meaning "by guard". In canyoneering, rock-climbing, or even hiking, to take a bivvy means to take an unplanned or temporary camp. Sometimes in canyoneering, especially on canyons that involve 8+ hours, it is suggested to "plan for a bivvy", meaning to bring an extremely light sleeping bag and tarp to sleep on in case plans take longer than expected. Some refer to a "emegency blanket" as a bivvy, and indeed that it is what it is used for. You can buy more expensive (and more comfortable) as they offer complete protection from the elements and bugs) such as ones made by REI, Outdoor Research, and SOL. They range from $100 - $250 and that is essentially the "tent", but you would still need to buy the sleeping bag bivy in addition. You do not need a bivvy for small canyon trips, but anything longer than 8+ hours it may be a good idea to bring one. Please do more research on bivvy options before buying the first one that you see online. You do want to carry excessive gear in your canyoneering bag.
Bolt - a man-made anchor that is drilled into rock. The two most common types of bolt types are "glue-ins" and "expansion". Just remember this safety note, just because you see a bolt in the rock doesn't mean that it is readily safe and usable. Remember to check every anchor, every trip, every time. If there is movement into the bolt when pulled on, DO NOT use it. Reevaluate anchor situation at that location and proceed. This is why we stress in that every canyoneer should bring 30+ft of webbing with them to every canyon.
Bridging - this is a "canyon sequencing" technique used to traverse a slot canyon. See Section 28 - "Moving (Sequencing) in a Slot Canyon. One would place both hands on one wall of the canyon and their feet on the opposite and you would move by moving perpendicular to the canyon one appendage at a time.
Candition.com - a word that combines "condition" and "canyon" together in a memorable name. A free website that is crowd-sourced that allows canyoneers to post "conditions" on their recent canyon trip. They are brief reports on water and anchor conditions, and anything out of the ordinary to report so that anyone can get relevant information for trip planning. However, canyons can dry out quickly, anchors can be changed (or removed) with each passing party, or storms can pass and quickly refill the canyon water found in the canyon. Caution is highly recommended that you do not take each Candition as your expectation. That is unwise and potentially dangerous. It is to be used to help assist or aid in canyon planning/research so that one can be aware of new hazards or issues that are found within the canyon.
Carabiner - the german word: Karabiner, which is short for Karabinerhaken which literally means "carabineer's hook". A carabineer is a French word for a type of soldier that used a small-like rifle called a carbine to be used on horseback or not. The men who carried these were called "carabineers". These carbine rifles needed a way that was easy to carry into the battle-field and so a metal loop was designed to be attached to it. That was the first iteration of what we modernly call the "carabiner". The slang word derivative of the word is "biner" (see above).
In canyoneering, this is our common-tool that allows us to connect ropes and gear to our harnesses, and can allow us to tie rope hitches, and allows us to rig a rappel using a static-block (for use with a clove hitch).
See Gallantry.com for the History of the Carabiner.
Chimneying - this is a "canyon sequencing" technique used to traverse a slot canyon. See Section 28 - "Moving (Sequencing) in a Slot Canyon. In this technique, one places their hands against one wall and their back (or rear end) against the opposite wall. Rather than rappelling, one could "chimney" down a particular section using this method.
Colorado Plateau - in simplistic terms, a very large desert plateau that extends from parts of Utah, Colorado, Arizona and New Mexico. In Utah alone, there are over 650 documented slot canyons. In fact, some canyon obsessed folks, even relocate to Utah strictly for the canyoneering aspect alone! See Wikipedia.com for more information on the Colorado Plateau.
Contingency -
CRITR -
Crux -
Descender Device (same as "rappel device") -
Double Strand -
DRT (Double-Rope Technique) -
Down-climb - a technique used in order to descend (or overcome) an obstacle in the canyon, that does NOT involve rappelling. Some people can down-climb sections in the canyon that others rappel. That comes from experience and skill-level. Just because you see bolts in a canyon, doesn't necessarily mean that you have to use them - especially for short rappelling canyons. See Section 28 - Moving (Sequencing) Through a Slot Canyon, for more information and pictures.
Drainage -
Egress (see "Ingress" for opposite) -
EDK (European Death Knot) -
Fireman Belay - see "belay" for additional information. This bottom-belay is the most common and can be performed by most able-body people. speed.
First-descent - this is a sought-after title within the Canyoneering Community. In my experience, it's more of an self-serving ego boost than anything else. Still, it just goes to show you that canyons are still discovered/uncovered in this day and age.
Free Rappel (also called "Free Hang") -
Ghosting -
Hand-line - this is a "canyon sequencing" technique used to traverse a slot canyon. See Section 28 - "Moving (Sequencing) in a Slot Canyon. Used at short rappels (less than 10-feet in height), an option of using a handline may be suggested. Rather than putting on a harness and rappelling the short distance, one could hold onto the rope as tight as they can, and slowly slide down the rope or do a hand-over-hand descent on it. The caution is that they are not roped in, so the consequences are that they would fall if a slip was to happen. Sometimes a hand-line is used in areas where a person is down-climbing or up-climbing an obstacle and just need something to hold onto while they navigate the obstacle. Also, not everyone has the arm/muscle strength for a hand-line and have witnessed a few friends struggling and even slipping while using a handline.
Harness -
Hitch (rope) -
Ingress (see "Egress" for opposite) -
Keeper Pothole -
kN (kiloNewton) -
LDC (Left Down Canyon) -
LUC (Left Up Canyon) -
Loop (rope) -
Overhang -
Partner Assist - this is a "canyon sequencing" technique used to traverse a slot canyon. See Section 28 - "Moving (Sequencing) in a Slot Canyon. There are numerous techniques to bypass or overcome obstacles in a canyon, but anything that requires a second (or third or fourth) person, such as you stepping into their hands or on their shoulders would be classified as a "partner assist".
PAS (Personal Anchor System) - same meaning as Safety Tether.
Pothole -
Pull-Cord -
Rap -
Rappel -
Rapide -
Rappel Device (same as "descender device") -
RDC - An abbreviation for "Right, Down Canyon". This is important when explaining to others route information or obstacles to over-come. IE "There is an anchor LDC about 10-feet away from edge on the 1st rap".
RUC - An abbreviation for "Right, Up Canyon". This is important when explaining to others route information or obstacles to over-come. IE "If you can't proceed through the tight-slot section below,you will need to backtrack 100 yards and there is an egress (exit) point RUC right there, up the sandstone fin."
"Rich"/Rich Carlson -
"Rig Releaseable" -
Rigging -
Safety Tether -
Scramble -
"Send it" - a said expression that I loathe hearing when canyoneering. It originates from skiers and mountain-bikers when they were about to drop over the edge or about to do something "epic BRO!". In canyoneering, it's quite anticlimactic when you hear this phrase when someone is about to rappel and then takes 30 seconds for them to transition over the edge. In canyoneering, it's said in jest.
"Send it, Bro!" - a derivative of the above, but with the added word-enhancer "Bro!". Even said to women.
Sequencing - how one traverses through a slot canyon. Methods include: walking, stemming, hand-lining, rappelling, chimneying, down-climbing, up-climbing, bridging, and using partner-assist techniques. See Section 28 for pictures of these methods.
Shane - founder of the beta website Climb-Utah.com, which is known for the paid subscription for specific beta called the "Circle of Friends". One of the first online U.S. beta websites.
SQURWEL -
SRT (Single-Rope Technique) -
Stemming - this is a "canyon sequencing" technique used to traverse a slot canyon. See Section 28 - "Moving (Sequencing) in a Slot Canyon. In this technique, one places one hand and one foot on one side of the canyon wall, and the other hand and foot on the opposite wall. The one would move up or down-canyon in a forward direction by alternating move and feet movements in order to make forward progress.
Tom Jones - known as the "emperor" of Canyoneering. Founder of 'Imlay Canyon Gear'. Founder of CanyoneeringUSA.com. Frequents CanyonCollective.com and Bogley.com commenting on all things Canyoneering.
Toss N' Go -
Up-Climb - a technique used in order to ascend (or overcome) an obstacle in the canyon. This is not too common in canyoneering as down-climbing is much more frequent, but sometimes in canyons, there are rock falls or oddly-placed logjams that require you to climb up. Some canyons, such as "Sandthrax" has a certain 5.9 off-width climb up! That obstacle takes serious effort! See Section 28 - "Moving (Sequencing) in a Slot Canyon.
Webbing -
Working end (rope) -
Zion - the CORRECT name for Zion National Park. NOT Zions National Park. (Notice the difference?)
Zions - Typically this is said by ignorant Utahns who refer to Zion National Park as "Zions". They may say "hey, are you guys going down to "Zions" this weekend? While it makes my eyes twitch when I hear a Utahn (who SHOULD know better) say it that way...this is what they are referring to. (It would be similar to someone saying "Hey are you going to San Diegos? or New York Cities? or Moabs? or Canadas? etc.) The confusion comes from a national bank headquartered in Utah called "Zions Bank".
In the inner circles and while its extremely fun to make fun of sport culture, among my friends we will say to each other "Hey man, I'm going to down to Zionz National Bank Park this weekend - any one else wanna come?" Or "I'm going to Moabs for some rappelling". We get a kick out of it. I mean kicks.
Blake Lightholder is ThoughtForm’s newest hire, joining our account management team. In his new role, Blake will work closely with our clients, helping to define the solutions that will address their most pressing needs.
Blake believes problems are often opportunities in disguise. Opportunities to refine, to differentiate, and to emerge stronger on the other side. As an account manager, Blake thrives on finding and framing the problem, then laying the groundwork for collaboration and innovation. He helps clients maximize their potential, insisting that we are all problem solvers even if we’re not the one wearing the tool belt.
Blake’s diverse background includes design, public relations, and digital marketing within the retail, energy, risk management, wastewater engineering, and construction industries. He always strives to make sure clients have the best possible experience, and to grow his own knowledge of the industry and client with every project.Date related functions
You should try to use the isValidDate() function around any date expression to check for nulls when referencing a Date based Field in an Expression.
Returns DateTime, after adding a numeric value to a date field:
addDays([DateField], 1)
addMonths([DateField], 2)
addYears([DateField], 3)
dateDiff([EndDate], [StartDate]) : Returns number of days between two dates. Use the 'datediff' function to calculate the duration of a task based on an End Date minus a Start Date
day([DateField]) : Returns day
month([DateField]) : Returns month
year([DateField]) : Returns years
hour([DateField]) : Returns the hour of a date/time field
minute([DateField]) : Returns the minute of a date/time field
dateNow() : Returns the current date into a date field, or an expression expecting a date field
dateTimeNow() : Returns the current date and time into a datetime field
isValidDate([DateField]) : Returns true or false if the field being specified as the parameter holds a valid date field. isValidDate() is useful in expressions to account for scenarios where dates referenced in expressions may have no value. If you had an expression which added 30 days to [DateField], you need to check that the date field has a value before adding days to it, so that would look like.
if(IsValidDate([DateField]), addDays([DateField], 30), [BlankDate])
If the value in [DateField] is a valid date, then add 30 days to the value in [DateField], otherwise return the value from a hidden Field that has a blank date ([BlankDate]). You could replace the field reference to blank date to ‘2000-01-01T00:00:01Z’ which is the actual value of blank for a date (date fields have to contain a value)
dateParse([String]) : Returns null or the date if the text being specified as the parameter is in a parseable date format – Examples of Valid date formats are '2015-11-30′, '30 Nov 2015'
minDate([DateField1], [DateField2], [DateField3], [DateField4], [DateField5]) : Given a list of dates or date fields, the function returns the earliest date
maxDate([DateField1], [DateField2], [DateField3], [DateField4], [DateField5]) : Given a list of dates or date fields, the function returns the latest date
weekNum([DateField]) : This will return the week of the year that the date in the date field falls into
CreatedDate() : Using this function returns the date for the earliest entry in the activity stream.
UpdatedDate() : Using this function returns the date for the latest entry in the activity stream
Example
A complex example which takes a date time field [TestDateTime] and converts it in to a friendly formatted date in a text field using an expresion as follows
if(IsValidDate([TestDateTime]),
'' + year([TestDateTime])
+ '-' + IF(month([TestDateTime]) <10, '0', '') + month([TestDateTime])
+ '-' + IF(day([TestDateTime]) <10, '0', '') + day([TestDateTime])
+ ' ' + IF(hour([TestDateTime]) <10, '0', '') + hour([TestDateTime])
+ ':' + IF(minute([TestDateTime]) <10, '0', '') + minute([TestDateTime])
, 'No Date Provided')
The above would check the validity of a date field before then showing the date in the format
2020-12-07 13:45
Time Related Functions
Expressions can be used to combine a time to a given date on the Record, to calculate the difference between to times and also to set the current time.
TimeDiffString(TimeFieldIdentifier1, TimeFieldIdentifier2, DisplaySeconds (optional)): This will return to a Text Field the difference between two times in a friendly format of hours, minutes and optionally seconds.
Example - If EndTime is 14:40 and StartTime is 2:20 then:
TimeDiffString(EndTime, StartTime, true) returns 12:20:00
TimeDiffString(EndTime, StartTime, false) returns 12:20
TimeDiffTotalSeconds(TimeFieldIdentifier1, TimeFieldIdentifier2): This will return hours and minutes to a Time Field or number of seconds to a Number Field and returns the difference between the two times.
Example - If StartTime is 14:40 and EndTime is 15:40 then:
TimeDiffTotalSeconds(StartTime, EndTime) returns 01:00 to a Time Field
TimeDiffTotalSeconds(StartTime, EndTime) returns 3600 to a Number Field
TimeNowString(DisplaySeconds (optional)): This will return to a Text Field the current time of day (in UTC form) upon the opening of a Record.
Example - If current time of day is 15:30 then:
TimeNowString(true) returns 15:30:00
TimeNowString(false) returns 15:30
TimeNowTotalSeconds(): This will return to a Time or Number Field the current time of day (in UTC form) upon the opening of a Record.
In the instance of returning to a Number Field the number of seconds past 00:00 will be given.
Combining Date and Time Fields
CombineDateWithTime(DateFieldIdentifier, TimeFieldIdentifier): This will bring together both a Date Field and a Time Field in order to present both in a DateTime Field. An example of such is given.… only that it is Wednesday and I am three days late, but oh well… I figured, you still like to learn some randomÂ things about me, right? :)Â I stole this from Caity, btw.
What is your favoriteÂ salad dressing?Â French Vinaigrette
What is your favorite sit-down restaurant? Mimi’s CafÃ©
What food could you eat every day for two weeks and not get sick of? Bread and cheese
What are your pizza toppings of choice? mushrooms and tuna
What do you like to put on your toast? black current jellyBENSALEM, Pa. — A Philadelphia area woman is in critical condition after her 24-year-old sister allegedly ran her over with a van.
The Bucks County Courier-Times reports Saturday that 20-year-old Redah Raza was injured Thursday after she jumped on the hood of a van driven by her sister, Anum Raza. Police say Anum Raza was backing out of their driveway when her sister stood in front of the car.
Anum Raza then allegedly accelerated to about 30 mph before she braked and her sister fell off the hood. Police say she tried to park to check on her sister, but stepped on the gas and drove over her.
Anum Raza is facing aggravated assault and other charges. She's been released on bail. Anum Raza couldn't be reached for comment.Super Patti King is a Ludo game. it is fun to play a multiplayer board game that can be played between 2 to 4 players. It is the most popular and fun game to play with family and friends. Super Patti King is a mind refreshing game with its lucky dice rolls and strategical gameplay. This interesting 2D Ludo game has been around us for a long time as the best game to play in our spare time.
How the Super Patti King game works:
The Super Patti King:
–.
Throw dice or roll instantly.
Easy single menu player selection.
Play the Ludo game in your native languages.
English, Hindi, languages are supported in this game.
Enjoy playing the best offline version of the Ludo game anytime anywhere with your friends and family. The multiplayer version of this game is coming soon, so stay tuned.
We hope you enjoy playing this game.
Exemption clause: Players must play the game as an adult
Players can only use it as a practice mode. Super Patti King does not provide cash transactions.Future of the Towner '˜uncertain' after cash cuts
The future of the Towner in Eastbourne has been cast into doubt following a 50 per cent in funding by the council, according to officials at the gallery.
The council will tomorrow night (Wednesday December 13) approve a cut in funding from the public purse to the art gallery as part of major cutbacks across the authority.
Council bosses announced earlier this year they were looking at a raft of savings which would include slashing the £614,000 the council invests into the gallery by 50 per cent.
The council blamed a reduction in Government funding and said its priory was to avoid cuts to frontline public services.
A paper due to go before the council’s cabinet committee at the Town Hall tomorrow night asks councillors to approve the cuts.
But it has not gone down well with officials at the Towner, especially chairman of the board of trustees, broadcaster and Folkington resident David Dimbleby.
He.
“As we have informed the council’s leadership, a cut of 20 per cent or more will have a serious impact on our ability to deliver the Towner’s charitable obligations.
“We will have to reduce our exhibitions and events. Our Learning Programme, which works with more than 10,000 people of all ages each year, including some of the most vulnerable people in our community, will come to an end unless we can secure philanthropic funding. There will inevitably be redundancies.
“A 50 per cent funding cut, which we now understand will be a reality within two years, means our grant will barely cover the costs of running the council’s property.
“This includes maintaining the gallery building and looking after the council’s collection of 5,000 artworks, both of which we do on its behalf. This in turn may seriously jeopardise our Arts Council England funding as we may no longer be able to offer our world class exhibitions programme. Despite developing our fundraising and commercial activities, we will not be able to replace the funding we receive from these key stakeholders.”
Mr Dimbleby encouraged people to continue lobbying council leader David Tutt.
“Hundreds of people have already written to the leader of the council in support of our gallery and I am very grateful to them all,” said Mr Dimbleby.
“From residents of Eastbourne and the surrounding areas to visitors and supporters from much further afield, we have been moved by these messages and touched by the depth of feeling so many people clearly have for the Towner.
“We want to ensure the gallery thrives rather than barely surviving.
“I hope together we can persuade the council to reconsider its approach.”.
“It is well known that our key objectives are protecting the frontline public services that residents in Eastbourne rely on and minimising increases in the council tax.
“Looking ahead we hope the Towner will engage more local people and become the widely accessible and relevant arts resource that we all want to see.”On-Cor Barbecue Sauce & Boneless Rib Shaped Patties 26 oz
Per Serving: 180 calories; 3 g sat fat (15%DV); 650 mg sodium (28%DV); 15 g sugars. 8 g protein (15%DV).8 g protein (per serving). 0 g trans fat (per serving). Good source of protein. Made with pork and chicken.. US Inspected and passed by Department of Agriculture. On-Cor.com. Scan here or call 1-855-228-7518 for more food information. Visit us at On-Cor.com. Questions or comments? Contact office(at)on-cor-com.Product 127/188
This script is interactive so you are able to choose your own colors, patterns or gradients. The size is 1500 x 1100 pixels. So it can be used in full size kits as well as tagger size kits. CU OK, No outside filters where used. This Script has been tested in the PSP 9 through to PSP 2019.
This product was added to our catalog on Friday 16 November, 2018. can adhere to their late father’s wishes.
If any of the Goodwin kids feel like they deserve the money, then it’s Henry (Scott Foley), the eldest child and an overachieving surgeon. He sees himself as a role model for his less successful siblings — and reminds them every chance he gets. Returning home. Like his siblings, Jimmy’s also returning to something in this town — his eight-year-old daughter.
Pulling the strings from beyond the grave is the children’s late father, Benjamin (Beau Bridges), a college math professor. Guilty over not parenting his kids better,.
Series Finale
Episode #7 — The Box.
First aired: July 1, 2013
What do you think? Do you like The Goodwin Games TV series? Do you think it should have been cancelled or renewed for a second season?
Newer and/or Related Articles
169 Ending or Cancelled TV Shows for the 2012-13 Season
Jan 16, 2015
Cancelled or Renewed? FOX TV Shows Status [7/10/13]
Jul 10, 2013
The Goodwin Games: Season One Ratings
Jul 2, 2013
Monday TV Show Ratings: Siberia, Under the Dome, American Ninja Warrior, Mistresses, Bachelorette
Jul 2, 2013
The Goodwin Games: Cancelled, No Season Two
Jul 2, 2013
The Goodwin Games: Cancelled? Renewed for Season Two?
Jul
{ 12 comments… read them below or add one } tying up the loose ends so you’re not left wondering when they cancel a show!! It makes viewers not want to really get into shows because of the possibility of this happening and all the time you watch something and keeping up with the storyline is for nothing because you’ll never see the end anyway. Ridiculous!! have since watched all the episodes on demand. After laughing out loud, I would later have tears in my eyes. Bravo!TENT
Tent.
The above text is a snippet from Wikipedia: Tent
and as such is available under the Creative Commons Attribution/Share-Alike License.
tent
Noun
- A pavilion or portable lodge consisting of skins, canvas, or some strong cloth, stretched and sustained by poles, used for sheltering persons from the weather.
- The representation of a tent used as a bearing.
Noun (etymology 2)
- Attention; regard, care.
- Intention; design.
Noun (etymology 3)
-.
Noun (etymology 4)
- A kind of wine of a deep red color, chiefly from Galicia or Malaga in Spain; called also tent wine, and tinta.
Verb
- To go camping.
- We’ll be tented at the campground this weekend.
- To prop up aluminum foil in an inverted "V" (reminiscent of a pop-up tent) over food to reduce splatter, before putting it in the oven.
- To form into a tent-like shape.
- The sheet tented over his midsection.
Verb (etymology 2)
Verb (etymology 3)
- To probe or to search with a tent; to keep open with a tent.
- to tent a wound
The above text is a snippet from Wiktionary: tent
and as such is available under the Creative Commons Attribution/Share-Alike License.Sold Out
or make 4 interest-free payments of
$19.98 fortnightly with
More info
Cute and casual, Hammill + Co's Vintage Tee is perfect for those off-duty days. Whether you're relaxing at home, running errands or meeting a friend for a coffee, this t-shirt will ensure you do so in style.
Crafted from comfy cotton fabric, it features an oversized fit and eye-catching print.
Features
Fabric & Care
Fit: Relaxed fit - If you want a more fitted look, we recommend you buy down a size
Based on a Relaxed fit: Small = 8-10, Medium = 12, Large =14, Xlarge = 14-16
News & Updates
Sign up to get the latest on sales, new releases and more …Nevertheless, the Obama administration alongside the democrat majority congress and women, and also the American men, look like about how exactly to solve the usa economy, at probabilities.
In case you are thinking, But I require a person to compose an essay for me fast! These measures should be adopted whenever you’re intending to compose an essay. It’s very amazing to supply your composition to a person who’s not a master in the pay for writing an essay you’re authoring. Should you need an essay and don’t have any period or alternative to handle it, you may request our writing specialists for help and they’ll be happy to write all sorts of documents for you, providing you an alternative to devote your time and effort and energy efficiently. You’re able to obtain an essay created for you personally as you settle back and relax. Today you never require to request everyone to compose my college composition. When you’re requested to create essays for the duration of your educational career, the measure of tasks you’re needed to compose appears to increase exponentially whenever you are in school. Therefore, you’ll naturally wish to spend a man to compose your article for you. EssayWriter.me promises your article will be the greatest function to secure you the best rank. Composing an essay depending on your own instructions is the guideline for our authors.
Your fabric should now be split into a grid of four sections.
Iff that’s the context, you might think I have to pay someone to do my essay. » Composing essays are able to help you learn, there’sn’t any asserting this truth but the quite simple act of selecting assist although working on this project doesn’t to indicate that you don’t acquire from it academically. Our essay creating site has quite a straightforward construction and owing to its easy navigation it is easy to place your obtain there. There’s a variety of forms of essays, thus it is going to become complicated for the pupils to pick the sort of text to be written. Surprisingly, they have been one of the primary school assignments pupil need help with. It truly is a thing that makes us the best professional article composing team. In any issue, you are going to be requested to write an documents. Our essays are presented punctually, all the instant ; point. You will constantly run in to particular essays that may provide you with a concern and force you to question just how to carry on further.
Today, choosing the authentic writing support is not an easy undertaking.
Because of this, you might observe it to compose my essays with BuyEssay.net is quite fair and wise selection. Essay is a sort of composing function that produces its concentrate on the building of a destination document according to some special issues. Furthermore it is vital your essay has a great movement. Our customized essay writing support is not just low-cost but also of the exceptional quality. During your everyday living, at some point of time you might have experienced to compose an essay. Documents creating actually isn’t the total narrative with sad conclusion for students. If you have been seeking the ideal / optimally article creating on line company, it truly is right here.
Perhaps now, parallelism is needed.
Determine your strengths and weaknesses and think whether you’ll manage to create the paper in time. Composing an educational paper includes an thorough study of a particular topic. Not only are you given a outstanding paper which you can publish to your teacher, you furthermore don’t have to include unreasonable costs.Eye Opener: Aug. 26, 2009
Happy Wednesday! Sen. Edward M. Kennedy (D-Mass.), who died last night at age 77, supported several key pieces of legislation that further expanded the size, scope and mission of the federal government (much of which can be seen on his official timeline).
As President Obama said in a statement earlier this morning, "For five decades, virtually every major piece of legislation to advance the civil rights, health and economic well being of the American people bore his name and resulted from his efforts."
Read The Post's obituary, view an audio slideshow and read reaction from his colleagues, friends and family.
Please note: An article by The Eye in today's Post quotes a Kennedy spokesman expressing the senator's support for a Labor Department nominee. The spokesman was contacted Tuesday afternoon well before news of the senator's death.
• Cabinet and Staff News: Former top fundraiser for Hillary Clinton charged with $74 million fraud. Manufacturers ask Commerce Secretary Gary Locke for $20 billion in loan guarantees. HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius says vaccinations key to swine flu defense. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner takes questions from Digg users. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack headed to California to announce grants for farmers.
Follow The Federal Eye on Twitter | Submit news tips here
• Rebuild Pay-for-Performance System, Panel Says: In a report released Tuesday, the Defense Business Board recommended a "reconstruction" of the National Security Personnel System. The report is the result of a Defense Department and OPM decision to review NSPS, which has been controversial since it was created during George W. Bush's administration.
• Who's Sitting on the Federal Bench: How Sonia Sotomayor's elevation to the Supreme Court alters the diversity of federal judgeships.
• Republicans Decry 'Witch Hunt' of CIA Interrogators: The attorney general's appointment of John H. Durham, a career prosecutor, will hinder future intelligence gathering in the fight against terrorists, Congressional Republicans argued.
• White House Projects Budget Deficit to Soar to Nearly $1.6 Trillion: The gap between spending and tax collections will amount to 11.2 percent of the overall economy, more than tripling last year's deficit of $459 billion.
• Construction of MLK Memorial Awaits Park Service Permit: Memorial officials said they are eager to get started on the project, which has stalled in recent months.
• Swine Flu Could Infect Half of U.S.: The virus could cause symptoms in 60 million to 120 million people, more than half of whom might seek medical attention, the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology estimated.
• Panel to Advise FDA on Menthol, Smokeless Tobacco: One area where the panel will likely have a large impact is smokeless tobacco. Companies want to be able to market these products as less risky than traditional tobacco products.
• IG: Energy Employees Violated Purchase Card Rules at Yucca Mountain: In a report (pdf) released on Tuesday, the department's deputy inspector general found that a key official did not approve or review purchase card transactions in advance and did not always review cardholders' account statements in a timely manner.
• Nuclear Regulators Urge High-Tech Fire Detection: The Nuclear Regulatory Commission is urging nuclear plants to embrace a more systematic approach to assessing fire risk -- one that relies on a computer program instead of humans.
By
Ed O'Keefe
| August 26, 2009; 5:00 AM ET
Categories: Eye Opener
Save & Share:
Previous: Chat With The Eye!
Next: Obama Administration Reactions to Kennedy Death
Posted by: pltrgyst | August 26, 2009 9:33 AM | Report abuse
"Eye Opener: Aug. 26, 2009
Happy Wednesday! Sen. Edward M. Kennedy (D-Mass.), who died last night at age 77,..."
Obviously not meant to read this way, but I agree that it appears to be very disrespectful. I found it jarring.
Posted by: cc222 | August 26, 2009 10:16 AM | Report abuse
The comments to this entry are closed.
"Happy Wednesday! Sen. Edward M. Kennedy (D-Mass.), who died last night at age 77...."
What an incongruous and disrespectful opening to your column. Are you really that lacking in decency or simply bad at your job?Be the girl who
decided to
go for it.
Hey, I'm Arianna!
What can I say? I'm a dream chasing momma to 3. I'm a go getter who sometimes needs a little Cardi in her life for motivation. When I'm not behind the camera you'll find me shaking my wiggles out with my favorite preschoolers. The people in this photo, they're my people. My kids who provide me with lots of grey hair but even more love. My partner Matt who supports me in many ways and always pushed me to be my best. My life wouldn't be complete without them. We all have our people and I can't wait to meet yours!
I have a fun personality and love being around funny people. After all they say laughter is good for the soul. My favorite things include, chocolate, stationary, all things that sparkle, the ocean and crime tv shows! When I have absolutely nothing to do (which is rare) I will absolutely binge watch a show on Netflix. I love home decor so I live for random trips to Target, Home Goods and Hobby Lobby. You all know someone who walks in the store for one thing but leaves with a cart full. It's me! I'm that someone!
My Why
Three little smiles, six little hands....
Yang, M, Norris, SJ orcid.org/0000-0002-9815-6892, Bell, TG et al. (1 more author) (2019) Sea spray fluxes from the southwest coast of the United Kingdom-Dependence on wind speed and wave height. Atmospheric Chemistry and Physics, 19 (24). pp. 15271-15284. ISSN 1680-7316
Abstract
Fluxes of sea spray aerosols were measured with the eddy covariance technique from the Penlee Point Atmospheric Observatory (PPAO) on the southwest coast of the United Kingdom over several months from 2015 to 2017. Two different fast-responding aerosol instruments were employed: an ultra-fine condensation particle counter (CPC) that detects aerosols with a radius above ca. 1.5 nm and a compact lightweight aerosol spectrometer probe (CLASP) that provides a size distribution between ca. 0.1 and 6 µm. The measured sea spray emission fluxes essentially all originated from the shallow waters upwind, rather than from the surf zone/shore break. Fluxes from the CPC and from the CLASP (integrated over all sizes) were generally comparable, implying a reasonable closure in the aerosol number flux. Compared to most previous observations over the open ocean, at the same wind speed the mean sea spray number fluxes at PPAO are much greater. Significant wave height and wave Reynolds numbers explain more variability in sea spray fluxes than wind speed does, implying that enhanced wave breaking resulting from shoaling in shallow coastal waters is a dominant control on sea spray emission. Comparisons between two different wind sectors (open water vs. fetch-limited Plymouth Sound) and between two sets of sea states (growing vs. falling seas) further confirm the importance of wave characteristics on sea spray fluxes. These results suggest that spatial variability in wave characteristics need to be taken into account in predictions of coastal sea spray productions and also aerosol loading.2 FREE TRIAL SESSIONS
Join us for two free WOD sessions.
Find out more >>
58 SESSIONS PER WEEK
Most available session times
Monday–Friday 11 sessions, Saturday 3 sessions.
Ready to sign up?
Student or Fulltime
Click through to our sign up portal to join in with us!
CROSSFIT SYDNEY.
32 McCauley Street, Alexandria
E fitness@crossfitsydney.com.au
Trains — A walk from Green Square, Redfern or Erskineville station
Buses — Botany Rd get off at Maccas
Onstreet Parking (non-ticketed) — Power Avenue, Brennan St and Loveridge St
CrossFit Sydney
WHAT WE OFFER
At CrossFit Sydney, we focus on Coached Group Sessions of the Work Out of the Day (WODs) to create a learning atmosphere for strength and conditioning formats. Each session covers:
- Warm-Up
- Mobility Sequence
- Focus Work Out of the Day (WOD)
- Specific Core Work
- Stretch Sequence/Soft Tissue Work
The Coached Group Sessions are unique in that you will be taught, cued and encouraged through a workout scaled to your abilities. Our General Conditioning Program forms the basis for strength and conditioning goals down the track.
$133 per 14 days (Direct Debit) includes:
- Unlimited Access
- Unlimited Sessions
- General Conditioning Work Out of the Day (WOD)
- Individualized Programming for S&C Goals
- Access all Areas for Program Session Workouts*
- Hand Balance Sessions
- Rings and Bar Straight Arm and Bent Arm Sessions
- Olympic Lift Technique Sessions
- Mobility/ Flexibility Sessions
- Endurance WOD Sessions
- Beyond the Whiteboard Workout Log Book
Clients can drop in any time consult Coach and perform programmed workouts.
FREEDOM TO TRAIN
– with Free Individualised Programming
After a period of adaptation to the WOD we offer individual programming in cycles with the integration of the WOD to achieve personal goals or perfect different S&C attributes. On the unlimited membership, you are free to use the gym during open hours and group sessions to complete programs or the Olympic Lift or Endurance WOD.
Consult the Head Coach for the most appropriate area in relation to the group movements. If you have specific goals, use our Programming Service (Coach Programming) and let us get you there.
The crossfit Sydney Difference
Work Of the Day (WOD) Micro Cycle Programming
The purpose of CF WOD is General Physical Conditioning for all levels
Each week is a microcycle with a deeper bias of either Push or Pull Movement patterns with Strength placed early in the week going through Power building to endurance and “Hero” Work out for the Weekends. Over a Month you will have cycled through a large array of base cardiovascular bodyweight and strength and power movements.
Individualised Programming
For any Sport Specific or Strength and Conditioning Goal. As part of the membership, We program individuals for daily S&C resilience to sport-specific development.
Mobility
Mobility and Flexibility sessions to help with a new range of motions and maintain what you currently have. CFS utilizes a full range of mobility techniques from Partner Contract/ Relax/ PNF, Loaded Flexibility, Dynamic Flow, Functional Range Conditioning, Isometric Pulse and Static Load Stretching.
Olympic Weight Lifting and Strength Technique and Practice Sessions
CFS has a focus on using Olympic Weight Lifting and Basics Strength work with ongoing corrective sessions to polish movement patterns and increase loads over an appropriate timeline
Hand Balance, Ring, Bar and Locomotion Sessions
Specialised Session with a focus on bodyweight dexterity and control separated into Hand Balance – Locomotion Body Movement – Hanging and Pull Bias Body Weight Work
Physio Strength and Conditioning (Physiotherapy)
Our Physiotherapy department that will rehabilitate, correct and program you back to strength and movement
- Physiotherapy assessment using the Integrated Systems Model (ISM), a whole-body approach, for prevention and treatment of musculoskeletal injuries
- Exercise rehabilitation using isolation and compound whole-body movements with a focus on learning efficient movement patterns for life
- Exercise progression using effective strength and conditioning, giving you the freedom to explore new movement opportunities, sporting and outdoor pursuits
THE CROSSFIT METHOD
Courtesy of CrossFit Inc.
NEW NEVER NEVER LAND COLLECTION NOW AVAILABLE!
Characters Love Tacoma are mixed media assemblage pieces. Each one features a combination of vintage images selected from books or magazines and hand cut. Each is paired with a modern paper. They are all paired with second use frames that often have a past life patina and a little gritty age showing. Each is finished with a phrase that is hand assembled and plays on the image, giving this little city we love a little tongue in cheek love soaked word play. They are designed to give you a chuckle, do a real live LOL, shake your head, and a chance to think about the person you've seen around town that is exactly that person.
This piece features a black and white image woman leaning on her traveling suitcases. The lettering is in black on a brown and white spotted background. The frame is a textured brown wood. It reads: Ladies with Lots of baggage Love Tacoma. It measures: 12.5" x 10.5".Can Macron's speech appease the yellow vests?
After ten days of silence on the sometimes violent protests of the yellow vest movement, French President Emmanuel Macron has announced further concessions in a televised speech. The monthly minimum wage is to be increased by 100 euros and citizens are to have more say in policy decisions. Journalists see Macron as having adopted the right tone in his speech but aren't sure this will be enough.
Jupiter back to down to earth with a bump
Macron has made a clear display of his repentance, Rzeczpospolita surmises:
“The president's speech was meant to signal a change of style. Macron may not have apologised but at least he has admitted that many of the things he has said may have hurt his fellow countrymen and that he has paid too little attention to those who are having a hard time making ends meet. The meeting with the French mayors is meant to change this now. Jupiter, as the French have dubbed Macron because of his arrogant style of government, has come back down to earth. But whether this will be enough to save his presidency isn't so clear yet.”
Macron cleansed by fire?
France's president is only now discovering what the French are really like, the Neue Zürcher Zeitung writes poking fun at the young leader:
“Macron's speech comes across as measured, technocratic and uncontrived; that corresponds to his temperament. But he says something astounding: 'The good solutions will come from the countryside.' France has been too centralised for decades, he said. This from the president who always tried to impose his reforms from above, who seemed resistant to advice, who liked to convey the impression that he alone, high up on his Mount Olympus, knew what was good for the country. Should we believe that Macron has really changed? It can't be ruled out that the events and turmoil of the last few weeks have given him new insights. We'll see.”
France's democracy hanging in the balance
Le Figaro hopes the protests will now die down:
“After the government's backtracking on the fuel tax hike will the 'new contract for the nation' proposed by Emmanuel Macron persuade the insurgents to store their yellow jackets in the glovebox? Their doggedness has already foiled too many predictions for one to hazard a guess, but we can always hope. Reason dictates this, as does the national interest. It's no longer a question of Emmanuel Macron's political future, or even of his ability to carry through his reforms (as things now stand it's to be feared that this ability has suffered a serious blow). What's at stake today in our streets and on our motorways is our democratic future.”
The most difficult part yet to come
Great responsibility weighs on the president's shoulders, writes La Vanguardia:
“Macron proposed an ambitious pact yesterday: conciliatory measures and the opening of a broad dialogue with representatives from all the social, economic and political groups in order to end the protests, the negative effects of which have already alarmed sectors like retail and the hotel industry. ... And not just that, now France has added to the instability which is rocking Europe as a result of the Brexit, the start of the end of the Merkel era, Italy's provocative stance vis à-vis the EU and the rise of extremist movements. ... Macron's major challenge now is to provide answers to the discontent of the middle classes by creating jobs without increasing the fiscal burden on companies or losing control of the deficit. This challenge awaits him once the storm passes.”At the high speed and high pressure, all the unnecessary acids get removed from the central heating system. With the home heat services employed from PowerFlush London, the average time taken to complete a total power flush is around 6 hours.d you will be pleased to …Learn More
german gas boilers, german gas boilers Suppliers and Manufacturers a…Learn inquiryLe
26/6/2020 ·
16/3/2021 · The creators of the world's first microwave-powered boiler have said it can provide a straightforward, zero-emissions replacement for the gas boilers that heat most homes in heavyLearn More
High Efficiency 10 Ton Diesel Boiler Agent AzerbaijanLearn MoreLearn More
Their most newest model is the Genie condensing boiler which has 94% efficiency by incorporating the condensing technology which could reduce your running costs by up to 30%. We also offer the Master Temp Gas Heaters which have a nice modern design and fantastic controls.Learn More
1/2/2021 natural gas supply.Learn More
german gas boilers, german gas boilers Suppliers and ManufacturersEpisode 5: Excelling As An Assistant Pastor
Updated: Apr 21, 2020
Over the past four years that I have been in Jacksonville, I have had the privilege of getting to know and partner with local ministries. One of those churches that have been instrumental in partnership is Shiloh Metropolitan Baptist Church pastored by H.B. Charles Jr, who has quickly become a fast friend of mine.
Pastor Charles invited me to contribute to the Cutting It Straight Conference strategy meeting earlier this year, where I met Joel Cowart. Brother Joel is the Christian Education Pastor at Shiloh and has a tremendous spirit. He is just an all around cool dude. Joel was kind enough to sit down and talk with me about being an assistant pastor in a substantially sized ministry, which provided great insight that I want to share with you. Below are the notes from our conversation:
How do you excel at being an Assistant Pastor?
It is critical to have a good relationship with the pastor.
“Catching the Vision" is significant.
Hiring an unknown ministry worker is a risk, staff is best mentored by pastor before being placed in full time Christian service.
Assistant pastors should be an extension of the ministry of the Senior Pastor.
Key Elements of Being an Effective Assistant
Catching the vision and operating under the authority of the senior leader.
Trust God in your position - “If God can be patient enough not to knock out man for his sin, you can be patient enough to wait on being a senior leader”.
Serving your Pastor - not being an “amour bearer” but taking principal from Leviticus 19:32 “You shall stand up before the gray head and honor the face of an old man, and you shall fear your God: I am the Lord.” Make your Pastor look good by getting him “Easy Wins”.
Lead Yourself - get your own tasks accomplished and don’t wait to be told what to do. “Find yourself faithful”.
Books referenced in this discussion:
How to Lead When You’re Not In Charge by Clay Scroggins
Fulfill Your Student Ministry by Samuel L Bierig (Various Contributors)
How to contact Joel Cowart:Horizontal planetary ball mill machine lab planetary ball millLearn More
High quality products
100% Factory price
Customized solution
Full after-sales Service.
meknes morocco africa medium barite ball mill price. meknes morocco africa medium barite ball mill pricebarite usgs the price range for moroccan unground barite fob morocco was in the range of 140 to 152 per ton an increase of about per ton world mine production and reserves mine production reserve 2011 united states 710 654 15000 algeria 29000 vanadinite wikipedia.
quartz stone grinding mill in kenya shewa heavy machinery. ball mill quartz grinding kenya ball mill quartz grinding kenya quartz powder ball mills in nigeria jul small scale ball mill for quartz crushing scm unizenith granite crushing plant in kenya the granite is a kind of stone comprised with feldspar quartz black and white mica get price quartz ball mill more details.
quartz powder ball mill prices crusher indonesia,grinding quartz powder one ball mill is often used for the stone and into the sand after the crushing of the quartz stone process as indonesias largest mill suppliers, we
feldspar price select 2021 high quality feldspar price products in best price from certified chinese talc powder manufacturers, asbestos cloth suppliers, wholesalers and factory on made-in-china.com
quartz grinding mills for sale gold quartz powder grinding ball mill automatic grinding machine quartz grinding mill china ball mill is an various high quality gold ball mill for sale small grinding quartz lmestone gold ore usa flail impact gold mill and can process and crush up to tons of rock a day, used ball-mills for sale AM king buy used ball-mills from
ball mill large quartz powder grinding mill in surabaya; large quartz powder grinding mill in surabaya. We are here for your questions anytime 247, welcome your consultation. get price.
marrakech economic iron orerodmillsell. marrakechmorocco africa high end copper minerodmillsell. tangiermorocco africalow price bauxiteiron oreprocessing linesell,morocco africa high endnew quartziron oreprocessing linesellit at a bargain pricethe grindingironof the ultrafine ballmillis equipped with a direction device and a spring pressing device so that the grindingironcan automatically
We have large quartz cement mill in agadir morocco africa,the marrakeshagadir motorway in morocco crosses the atlas mountains an important geographic constraint that necessitated major construction works the most important of which is the zaouiat mellal tunnel situated within the imintanoutargana section the 500 metre long tunnel was constructed in two separate channels to
quartz powder mill price In hyderabad.
uses of quartz ball mill powder in singaporewith advantages of good corrosion resistance, compression resistance and oxidation resistance, quartz is widely used uses of quartz ball mill.
alibaba.com offers 2,051 powder making ball mill products. about of these are mine mill, are grinding equipment, and are flour mill. wide variety of powder making ball mill options are available to you, such as warranty of core components, local service location, and applicable industries.
quartz powder grinding ball mill price in morocco. quartz powder grinding ball mill price. quartz powder grinding ball mill price in morocco study of Mn doping effect on the miocene clays in the region of technology of fez road immouzzer fez morocco leads to explore other simple and low cost manufacturing methods such as with the oxide of manganese different percentages of
wide variety of ball mill prices options are available to you, there are 15,660 suppliers who sells ball mill prices on alibaba.com, mainly located in asia. the top countries of suppliers are united states, china, and japan, from which the percentage of ball mill prices supply is 1%, 99%, and respectively..
feldspar powder grinding mill stone powder making machine fob price: US 50000 set min. order: dry type grinding intermittence ball mill for feldspar, quartz and clay fob price: US 0000 piece min. order: piece. grinding machine, grinding mill could be your choices too. from sourcing raw materials to launching
tue manufacturing Of quartz pebbles ball mills. tue manufacturing Of quartz pebbles ball mills Pe stone rock crushing plant for making sand stone crushing stone sand making crusher machine in ethiopia stone crusherball millsand making for artificial sand making it is widely used to process quartz sandstone pebble. further details.
quartz powder grinding ball mill price ultrafine grinder We have been specialized in grinding technology for long history and developed complete series of quartz powder grinding and processing plant for sale such as ball mill vertical roller mill ultrafine mill high pressure mill trapezium mill etc quartz powder grinding ball mill to grind.
ball grinding mill plant with classifier for quartz and feldspar powder baichy return to list ball mill is an efficient grinding equiment for fine powder in ceramic industry.
small superfine powder grinding mill price In morocco. fine powder grinder suppliers in morocco.black powder grinding mill sales morocco healthclub.black powder grinding mill sales morocco find great deals on for powder grinder and see small ball mill for sale is an efficient tool for fine powder.get price and support online; pill grinder super fine powder.
pottery feldspar disk granulator In firth morocco africa. pottery feldspar disk granulator in firth morocco africa and morocco which supply and of ball mill for iron ore respectively ball mill is an efficient tool for fine powder grinding get details crusher plant in pakistan amastuola eu cement and crusher plant in pakistan pakistan coal crusher and pakistan coal mill feldspar pakistanWe are playing at the Music in the Bogs at Whitesbog in BrownsMills NJ on Sept 25th! 7-10pm! $10 cover It's a fundraiser for the building of the Stage ROOF at Whitesbog and also to raise funds for our current recording!
We are excited about a many things right now and wanted to let you know the latest! We played at the River Fest for the second year in a row! It was in Ridgeway PA on July 23rd and 24th and see the flier for more details.
We also played at the Blueberry Summer Fest at Whitesbog Music…Read moreSeared red mullet with à la Grecque vegetables & basmati pilaf
- Preparation and cooking time
- Prep:
- Cook:
- A challenge
- Serves 4
Ingredients
- 4 red mullet about 300g each, ungutted, scaled (see step by step)
- 2large banana shallots or 4 smaller ones
- 2 fat garlic cloves
- 2 carrots
- 1 fennel bulb
- about olive oil
- good pinch saffron strands
- 3 cardamom pods
- 1 bay leaf
- 250g cherry tomato , halved
- 100ml balsamic vinegar
- large handful fresh coriander , roughly chopped
For the pilaf
- 250g basmati rice
- 1 orange , grated zest
- 1 lemon , grated zest
- 1 lime , grated zest
- 1 tsp fenugreek seed , crushed
- ½ tsp coriander seeds , crushed
- ½ tsp fennel seeds , crushed
- 2 cardamom pods , crushed
- 1 cinnamon stick
- 4 star anise
- 2 tbsp olive oil
- 1 onion , sliced
- 150ml dry white wine
- 450ml fish stock (made with the bones or use a good-quality ready made stock)
Method
- STEP 1
Using a very sharp filleting knife, make a cut at the head on a slant, then turn the fish and cut under the dorsal (top) fin.
- STEP 2
Press the fish down firmly with one hand, bending it slightly along the back so that the flesh is taut. Then slide the knife in at the top of the backbone.
- STEP 3
Cut down against the rib cage at a downward slant. Letting the knife do the work, push the tip against the centre of the bone, working your way down to the tail. Turn the fish over and repeat on the other side.
- STEP 4).
- STEP 5
Thinly slice the shallots, garlic and carrots. Quarter and core the fennel then slice the fennel quarters as thinly as you can – use a mandolin, if possible.
- STEP 6
Heat 3 tbsp oil in a sauté frying pan and fry the vegetables together for 5 mins with the saffron, cardamom and bay leaf.
- STEP 7
Add 2 tbsp oil and continue cooking for 5 mins. Season well, remove from the heat and stir in the tomatoes, vinegar, 3 tbsp oil, and coriander.
- STEP 8.
- STEP 9
Tip half the vegetables into a shallow dish, lay the fillets on top, then cover with the remaining vegetables.
- STEP 10
Leave to marinate for 10 mins before serving warm. Prepare up to this point up to 1 day ahead and keep in the fridge. Bring to room temperature before serving.
- STEP 11
Soak the rice in cold water for 5 mins, then drain well and tip into a bowl. Mix in the grated zests. Add all the spices. Heat oven to 200C/fan 180C/gas 6. Make a cartouche (see tip below).
- STEP 12
Heat oil in an ovenproof casserole, then sauté onion for 5 mins. Add rice and wine, boil until evaporated, then add the stock. Bring to the boil.
- STEP 13
Top with the cartouche and a well-fitting lid. Bake for 20 mins, then take out of the oven, uncover, fork the grains, re-cover. Leave to stand for 5 mins, then serve.
Overall ratingTECHNICAL SPECS
Case material: Aluminum Alloy
Sheave material: Aluminum
ATTENTION: Never slide a steel cable over the aluminum sheave!
Color: Black / Red
Size: 3.189 x 2.224in
Breaking Strength: 20kN / 4500lbs
Net weight: 105g / 3.7Oz
Max. diameter of rope: 1/2in or 13 mm
Certification: CE 1019 EN12278, UIAA
FEATURES
Micro Prusik Minding Pulley (PMP), with side plates, is an indispensable device for process capture in hauling/drag system.
The closing style makes the pulley compatible with most kinds of carabiners.
Swing plates for easy and rapid rope installation and removal. The closing style makes the pulley compatible with most kinds of carabin makes it compatible with almost all the carabiners, even those whose shape is out of balance. (compared with fix side plate pulley)
Light and compact, the smart pulley is easy to carry and takes up almost no space in your rack.
High quality-manufactured pulley who combines both utility and beauty.
The pulley is qualified for rescue/climbing hauling or boat dragging.
Easy to set up functioning tackle and block systems at your home with this simple and compact pulley.With tropical islands everywhere in the world, you’ve an awesome alternative with regards to selecting an island as your trip vacation spot. Folks desirous to hire a Villa in Bali closer to a romantic setting, the Soka Seashore within the northwest of Denpasar, provides a small quiet beach, situated on the best way to Gilimanuk, the ferry port city connecting Bali and Java. Ferry services to Star Island are located in Portsmouth via the Isles of Shoals Steamship Company and at Uncle Oscar’s in Rye.
By 1924, Ellis Island went from being the place the place immigrants were welcomed to America to the place where illegal immigrants had been held until they could possibly be deported again to their residence countries.After getting used as a holding heart for illegal immigrants and varied detention and service actions throughout World War II, Ellis Island was ultimately decommissioned from all use in November of 1954.
Forever related to Oyster Bay is President Theodore Roosevelt, who continuously traveled by rail and used the station as his threshold to different components of the nation, since his Sagamore Hill home was located solely a brief distance from it. But the equally close by, appropriately named Oyster …Julianne Moore in Crazy, Stupid, Love Inteview (Video)
Julianne Moore Has Done Crazy, Stupid Things Like "Drive-Bys" For Love
Like us on Facebook
Julianne Moore is happily married in real life, but her union in Crazy, Stupid, Love with costar Steve Carell isn't as fortunate. She recently spoke to us about working with the funny guy on the film, and revealed some of the crazier things she did for love before becoming a wife. Julianne also dished about what it's like giving relationship advice to her two kids.
TranscriptCar hire Santa Rosa AirportAre you looking for quality and affordable car hire Santa Rosa Airport? Save up by booking your car rental in advance and online at CarHireCompany. We offer cheap and reliable all-inclusive car hire in Santa Rosa Airport. You can check the availability of rental cars in Santa Rosa Airport in the search engine. The advantage of renting a car in Santa Rosa Airport online is that you usually pay much less than on the spot when you arrive in Santa Rosa Airport.
Car rental Santa Rosa AirportCarHireCompany Santa Rosa Airport provides an overview of thousands of car rental locations in almost 100 countries around the world. We work with car rental companies that meet the highest quality standards; optimally insured and all inclusive.
Book rental car Santa Rosa Airport onlineBooking your rental car Santa Rosa Airport online is fast and easy. You can check the availability of rental cars in Santa Rosa Airport in the search engine and book your Santa Rosa Airport car hire of choice. An additional advantage of booking your rental car Santa Rosa Airport online is that you can trust that your rental car Santa Rosa Airport is available and ready on arrival in Santa Rosa Airport. That gives comfort, especially during the busy holiday seasons.
Arrival in Santa Rosa AirportUp on your arrival in Santa Rosa Airport, you will only need to pick up your rental car, saving you a lot of time and effort at the car rental company in Santa Rosa Airport. So your stay in Santa Rosa Airport can start right away in a fun way!
Advantages car rental Santa Rosa AirportThe advantages of renting a car online in Santa Rosa Rosa Airport on Wikipedia.ATLANTA (AP) -- It would seem a tough time for art lovers in the United States who hope to see some of the world's greatest masterpieces close to home.
Museums, including powerhouses such as the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York and the J. Paul Getty Museum in Los Angeles, have come under increasing fire from Italy, Greece and other countries with vast antiquities troves that want the return of priceless artwork they claim was illegally acquired.
Meanwhile, culture mavens in Italy and France protest when their governments launch international ventures, such as sending a Leonardo da Vinci painting to Japan or opening a branch of Paris' Louvre Museum on the Persian Gulf.
But some experts and curators say this is actually the moment for museums to reinvent themselves by focusing less on buying and more on long-term, mutually beneficial partnerships with other institutions abroad.
"Alliances and collaborations with museums and countries around the world is what will make a great museum in the future, not acquisitions," says Richard M. Leventhal, former director of the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology, which helped train the FBI's Art Crime Team in Philadelphia.
U.S. museums of virtually all sizes give technical help, scholarship, publicity and cash to institutions abroad, and in return get artworks they couldn't possibly afford to buy and a big shot of star power.
That strategy has meant a string of big-profile successes for Atlanta's High Museum of Art, perhaps the most visible follower of this trend. While the High's permanent collection doesn't approach collections at the Met or the Art Institute of Chicago, the High has opened a unique exhibit of Lorenzo Ghiberti's Renaissance door panels from Florence's Baptistery this spring, which will later travel to Chicago and New York.
The day before the opening of "The Gates of Paradise," the High announced that it will host two dozen life-size statues from China's famed Terracotta Army, which will then travel to the Bowers Museum of Cultural Art in Santa Ana, Calif., another usually below-radar institution for masterpieces of this caliber.
And the High is in the first year of a three-year partnership with the Louvre that brings to Atlanta entire collections, to be exhibited in a brand-new, Renzo Piano-designed museum wing.
"We get greater works of art than we thought possible," says High director Michael Shapiro, who has been nurturing the Louvre partnership for nearly 10 years.
While the terms on the China exhibit haven't been disclosed, the High has paid a total of about $10 millions to the Louvre and the Opera di Santa Maria del Fiore, which manages Florence's cathedral. The Louvre plans to refurbish its 18th-century decorative arts galleries, while the Florence foundation is spending its $200,000 on the restoration of a 600-year-old silver altar.
Straight-up demands for fees are "an increasing and unfortunate trend" in international loans, but "barter" of the High's kind -- providing sums for restoration and conservation, often along with technical expertise and scholarship -- is a good way for American museums to get art they couldn't afford to buy, says James Cuno, director of the Art Institute of Chicago.
For their part in long-term exchanges -- some blockbusters and pieces that were long relegated to storerooms -- cash-strapped, often state-supported overseas institutions get fresh funds as well as some insight into fundraising and management.
"Italy has so much that the state can't pay for everything," says Simonetta Brandolini d'Adda, president of the Washington-based Friends of Florence foundation that is helping restore the Ghiberti doors.
Of course, there is art that money can't buy -- because it's either too fragile to travel or too crucial to the collection to deprive visitors for a long time. An Italian senator chained himself to a column near the entrance to the Uffizi museum in Florence as Leonardo's "Annunciation" was being packed inside to protest its loan to a Tokyo museum. The painting went anyway.
But the loan of the Ghiberti panels, some 200 pounds of bronze sculpture, met with just a few grumbles in Florence and the special request that each panel travel on a separate plane.
And no controversy stirred around the Louvre-High project, while the announcement that the Louvre will open a museum in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, prompted outcries that the museum was selling out French treasures for $1.3 billion in oil money.
Instead, both the French ambassador, Jean-David Levitte, and the Italian ambassador, Giovanni Castellaneta, traveled to Atlanta to promote those exchanges, saying they pointed the way forward for their governments' cultural programs.
Only a few U.S. museums have entered long-term collaborations in this past. In 1999, the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston opened a satellite institution in Nagoya, Japan, that is to remain open until at least 2019. The Nagoya/Boston Museum of Fine Arts exhibits pieces from the Boston institution, which also has an extensive collection of Japanese art. In 2001, New York's Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum and the State Hermitage Museum in St. Petersburg, Russia, opened a joint gallery in Las Vegas, with artwork from both institutions.
As fewer antiquities are on the market because the market is more careful with archaeological digs and ownership, and institutions struggle with the problems of protectionism and theft, international partnerships might be the way of the future. They can help both lending and receiving institutions fulfill their mission of bringing the world's best artwork to a diverse audience.
"The importance (of partnerships) could be summed up in one word -- time-share," said Bruce Boucher, an Italian Renaissance expert and curator at the Art Institute of Chicago. "We'll never be able to buy these sculptures (like Ghiberti's), but we can bring them to an audience that could never see them."
As he oversaw crews gingerly unpacking the crates with Ghiberti's panels at the High, Patrizio Osticresi, administrator of the Opera di Santa Maria del Fiore, wholeheartedly agreed.
"We can't ask everybody to come to Florence," he said. "I think the social aspect is what we should be talking about."
© 2015. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy / About Our AdsSuite M3
2020-09-29 13:02:07
This ultra luxury studio suite at Theatre Boutique Apart Hotel has been created for those who prefer total luxury with every single detail thought out for your convenience. It is also ideal for this w ...
Our hotel rooms do not require a security deposit as we of course expect our clients to treat the property with respect and care. Guests which cause damage to the hotel room, we expect them to notify us of this and compensate us for the damage. Note that in some cases, the rule above does not apply and security deposit (fully refundable) is collected for long term stays or stays that involve large groups of people.Description
Support Healthy Prostate Function & More
The saw palmetto (Serenoa repens) berry has been used since ancient times to treat urogenital tract disorders. It supports healthy prostate function and normal urination and is a restorative sexual tonic for both men and women. This fruit also helps to prevent the conversion of testosterone to its metabolite dihydrotestosterone (DHT) and even has a reputation as a libido enhancer.
In a study done in Germany over three years, saw palmetto extract was shown to benefit more than 80% of men with mild to moderate benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). Additionally, some women may benefit from saw palmetto berries because it helps to normalize estrogen levels.
It is the fatty acid and sterol content of saw palmetto berries that is believed to benefit the prostate. Evergreen’s saw palmetto extract is standardized for 85-95% fatty acids and sterols and conforms to the dosage and mode of administration as established by the German Commission E monograph. The Ultimate Extract® process makes our saw palmetto easier to digest and more available than plain powder resulting in a premium saw palmetto supplement.
Traditional uses of saw palmetto include diuretic, sedative and tonic. Other benefits of are its anti-inflammatory and immune modulating activity as well as stimulation of normal appetite and enhanced assimilation of nutrients. It may also be of benefit for people with hormone-related hair loss.
Warnings:
- If you have prostate disease, consult your physician before using this product.
- If you are taking any prescription medication, including oral contraceptives and anticoagulants, consult your physician before using this product.
- Keep out of the reach of children.
- If you are pregnant, nursing or have a medical condition, consult your healthcare professional before using this product.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Southeastern Freight Lines, the leading provider of regional less-than-truckload (LTL) transportation services, today announced Kyle Hulsey has been promoted to service center manager in New Orleans.
Hulsey has more than seven years of experience at Southeastern, starting his career at the West Atlanta, Georgia service center as a management trainee. He has served in various leadership positions during his time with the company, including in-bound and break-bulk supervisor, operations manager, assistant service center manager and, most recently, service center manager in Montgomery, Alabama.
"Kyle consistently contributes quality work to the Southeastern team," said Brian Schulz, regional vice president of operations for Southeastern Freight Lines. "He helps us to exceed the expectations of our customers every day, embodying the quality without question culture. We're grateful for his dedication and hard work."
In his free time, Hulsey enjoys spending time outdoors, hunting and fishing. He and his family are excited to move to New Orleans.
Copyright ©2021. All Rights ReservedDesign, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishingBlackwall Hitch and Smashing Grapes to close until further notice in wake of recent order
Titan Hospitality, the owners of the Blackwall Hitch and the newly opened Smashing Grapes have decided to close their restaurants indefinitlely in the wake of County Executive Pittman’s order shutting down restaurants for interior and exterior dining for a month to battle the COVID-19 surge. Titan also owns the Blackwall Barn & Lodge in Gambrills and it is unknown if that restaurant will be closing as well.
Tital Hospitality is also one of the plaintiffs in a court case seeking injunctive relief from the order which may be heard in Circuit Court this morning.
CEO of Titan Hospitality, James King, sent the following message to his customers this morning:
As you are likely aware, County Executive Pittman has issued an Executive Order closing all restaurants and bars for both indoor and outdoor dining effective this Wednesday December 16th at 5PM. Foodservice facilities are allowed to continue to remain open and offer take-out and delivery services. The order is in effect for a period of 4 weeks and then will be revisited, however our belief is that this will last much longer than 4 weeks. Unfortunately, it may be months before we are allowed to re-open.
We have spent the past several days working on budgets to determine if staying open for carry-out is a viable option. Unfortunately, we have determined that we would lose thousands of dollars a week more than we will already be losing by being closed. Therefore, effective Tuesday at 10PM we have closed the restaurants until further notice.
While this decision was not made lightly, we believe that it gives us the best chance to survive and re-open our doors when the restrictions are eventually lifted. We would encourage all of our patrons to contact County Executive Pittman to urge him to lift these restrictions and allow small businesses an opportunity to survive this unprecedented pandemic. All correspondence can be sent to [email protected].
We want to thank all our loyal patrons who have expressed their support for us in these trying times and encourage any of you that are in a financial position to do so, to purchase a gift card for future use. Thanks for your consideration and we look forward to seeing you soon! Happy Holidays and stay safe!
James J. King
CEO
Titan Hospitality
Category: Businesses, COVID, LIFE IN THE AREA, Local News, NEWS, Post To FB“.”
“This is our fourth corporate relocation, and Ben Anderson has been the lone bright spot in a protracted and particularly painful process. Ben has distinguished himself from the other real estate agents we have encountered over the years through his commitment to providing excellent service and building a relationship with his clients. Ben showed us homes that met our criteria and were in our price range, provided excellent information about the local market and the various neighborhoods we saw, responded promptly to our inquiries and concerns, guided us through the purchasing process, and oversaw inspections for us (a huge help, since we are relocating from the East Coast). In short, Ben was everything we would want a real estate agent to be. We recommend Ben without reservation.”
“We weren’t really looking to buy until later this summer, and so when Ben took us out we were just looking to see what was out there. Of course, we found our house after visiting two properties and Ben skillfully (and patiently) negotiated a deal below what we expected to pay for the house. We thought that might have been it for Ben’s involvement, having already found and negotiated a great deal for us. But Ben was just getting started: he guided us through each step of the process, helped us work with our lender and inspector, stayed on top of the Seller’s agent to make sure issues and repairs were handled, and kept us on track for a quick 30-day escrow, all while I was traveling for work for the majority of the 30-day period and my wife was with the kids visiting the inlaws in Midwest. Ben’s knowledge of the market, reassuring and calm demeanor, ability to read a situation, willingness (and availability) to do what it takes to find and negotiate the best deal for us, and then make sure the deal gets completed makes Ben the only agent we will ever work with. You would be wise to do the same.”
.”
“We have been lucky enough to work with Ben Anderson for the last 9 months. My husband and I are first time homebuyers and have been rather picky on location and specifics (sq ft, no HOA, etc.) and Ben has been nothing but patient and understanding. I wasn't able to make many showings happen during working hours, but that was no problem for Ben, we were always able to find a time that worked and that was timely. He was able to answer all of our questions/direct us to the appropriate parties, which was really important to me as a first time buyer. We just closed on our dream home and we owe it all to Ben!”* Your assessment is very important for improving the workof artificial intelligence, which forms the content of this project
Download Scope and Sequence -- Language Arts/English
Document related concepts
Yiddish grammar wikipedia , lookup
Transformational grammar wikipedia , lookup
Lithuanian grammar wikipedia , lookup
Ancient Greek grammar wikipedia , lookup
Macedonian grammar wikipedia , lookup
Untranslatability wikipedia , lookup
Portuguese grammar wikipedia , lookup
Pleonasm wikipedia , lookup
Pipil grammar wikipedia , lookup
Lexical semantics wikipedia , lookup
Contraction (grammar) wikipedia , lookup
Japanese grammar wikipedia , lookup
Latin syntax wikipedia , lookup
Malay grammar wikipedia , lookup
Italian grammar wikipedia , lookup
Russian grammar wikipedia , lookup
Spanish grammar wikipedia , lookup
Polish grammar wikipedia , lookup
Transcript
Junior High Scope and Sequence: Reading / Language Arts READING LITERATURE AND INFORMATIONAL TEXTS 7th 8th Read, predict, and summarize various types of text Fictional Texts: Read, predict, and summarize various types of text Identify setting of a novel and how it changes or remains the same throughout a story Identifying the conflict Identify setting of a novel and how it changes or remains the same throughout a story Identify character traits and analyze the development of a character: flat vs. round characters Identifying the conflict Outlining the plot of a story and identifying the climax comparing and contrasting traditional and modern fables Identify character traits and analyze the development of a character: flat vs. round characters Identify and analyze the theme of a story Outlining the plot of a story and identifying the climax Identify and analyze the theme of a story Compare and contrast characters within a story and from text-to-text Non-Fiction Text Identify main idea of non-fiction texts Identify main idea of non-fiction texts Identify Author’s purpose, tone and style Identify Author’s purpose, tone and style Find and cite supporting details in text Find and cite supporting details in text Drama Elements of a drama: stage directions, characterization, dialogue; term: foil character Read and determine main idea of non-fiction Read and identify non-fiction text features Elements of a drama: stage directions, characterization, dialogue, monologue Make text-to-text connections on theme, setting, conflict Read and determine main idea of non-fiction Write a comparison essay evaluating two tales with a similar morale Novel options The Cay, A Christmas Carol, Brady, Bronze Bow, Fever, 1793, (optional text: Across Five Aprils); Hope was Here The Light in the Forest, Miracle Worker, Diary of Anne Frank, Tuck Everlasting; The Wave LANGUAGE th 7 Review: prepositions/prepositional phrases action; linking verbs; helping verbs; infinitives editing; mechanics-commas; quotations adjectives: describing, predicate adjectives; proper, limiting nouns: abstract, common, collective pronouns: personal, reflexive, intensive, indefinite, interrogative adverbs Determine the meaning of words based on context Demonstrate understanding of figurative language Determine the meaning of words based on context Improve diction in writing, choosing stronger words to enhance meaning 8th Review sentence structure, fragments, and run-ons. Focus on verb tense and consistency, adjectives, and adverbs Review sentence structure and use of various phrases including: noun, verb, prepositional, gerund, infinitive, and participial Review the parts of speech and how to diagram sentences Create a Sentence Diagram Project to review and synthesize grammar instruction Determine the meaning of words based on context Demonstrate understanding of figurative language Determine the meaning of words based on context Improve diction in writing, choosing stronger words to enhance meaning Middle School Writing WRITING 7th Write a personal narrative using the writing process: topics covered: hook, sequence, ending Write a descriptive essay (note: linked with Geography project) using descriptive adjectives, similes, and metaphors in describing a landmark Define the term plagiarism Identify plagiarism vs. paraphrase Utilize paraphrasing in writing Write a persuasive essay using: research skills, organization, MLA formatting, thesis, topic sentences and Works Cited page Write a short story focused on: plot, characters, setting Speaking and Listening TH 7 Develop listening skills through an on-going Read aloud book Develop presentation skills through sharing writing pieces orally 8th Write a Personal Narrative: reviewing the structure of paragraphs, using and punctuating dialogue, using hook sentences, reviewing and using a story plot line Write an Eyewitness Report with instruction in: use of strong verbs, sequencing, vivid language, similes and metaphors, use of first and third person narration Write a Problem-Solution essay, researching, use of MLA format, formulation of a thesis statement, organization of essay, integrating research and quotes Write a Short Story and focus on: word choice, denotation and connotation, improving weak, empty, or padded sentences, elements of plot, character, setting, and conflict 8TH Present Autobiographical Incident to class using basic public speaking elements Present an Eyewitness Report as part of a "newscast" wiith videotaping as a baseline for assessment Present a Problem-Solution Essay report using PowerPoint, Prezi or other presentation software, further honing speaking skills Present Short Story to class with videotaping to assess improvement in public speakingVirginia needs more than lip-service reform
"Virginia’s mental illness treatment laws are among the most restrictive in the nation. To get help via involuntary commitment, the state requires someone obviously incapacitated by the symptoms of an illness like schizophrenia to be an immediate physical danger to themselves or others.
Last April, the failures of Virginia’s treatment laws stunned the nation, and the General Assembly finally began to pay attention. The result is literally dozens of commitment law bills now under discussion.
Unfortunately, the majority of the proposed bills only marginally change Virginia’s antiquated laws. They will give legislators a photo op and a warm feeling, but will not bring real help to the people who most need it.
People who are clearly psychotic and dangerous to themselves or others should get mental illness treatment. But Virginia needs to do better. Virginia needs a law like Kendra’s Law, and must also allow outpatient intervention before someone is in crisis." read more...
Labels: VA Tech shooting, VirginiaLearn how to hone your driving skills and learn about new vehicle technology and driving tips for today's drivers. AAA's Roadwise Driver is an online course designed to help you be a better, safer driver. The course covers topics like,
Plus, you may be eligible for a discount on your car insurance by taking this course! Check with your insurance provider for details.Whether it’s raining or snowing, visibility is severely reduced due to fogging. Take note that visual line-of-sight is a requirement whenever you fly a drone. … Even if there isn’t heavy rain, strong winds would be enough reason to stop drone operations.
Is it OK to fly a drone in the rain?
Generally, drones cannot fly in rain, because drones are neither water-resistant nor waterproof. But there are some drone systems with different stages of water resistance.!
Can the Mavic mini fly in rain?.
Will DJI repair water damage?
Damage occurring after the product has come into contact with water is covered by the DJI Care Refresh. Product that suffers water damage can be replaced under DJI Care Refresh.
Can you fly Mavic 2 in rain?
As far as I know the Mavic 2 is most definitely not waterproof, nor even water resistant – so flying in the rain is not recommended. Splash drone is waterproof.
How can I make my drone waterproof?
There are two popular solutions to waterproofing drone electronics: silicone and acrylic. The main advantage with Acrylic is that it’s easily removable. You can burn through the coating simply with your solder iron.
Can drones fly in snow?.
Is Mavic mini 2 waterproof?
It is recommended to install a microSD card before shooting. Is DJI Mini 2 waterproof? No..
Does Mavic mini need wifi?
The only time where a connection is required is for activation of the Mavic Mini. You can completely work offline and you should turn off the Wi-Fi in the devices you use.revolutioniseSPORT
revolutioniseSPORT is the emerging market leader in online club management in Australia. Whether it is memberships, registrations, events, online sales or governance tools - revolutioniseSPORT is the…read more
THE LEADING SOURCE OF INFORMATION FOR THE LEISURE INDUSTRY
Global measurement company Nielsen has launched Stadium, its new client engagement platform, into the Australia and New Zealand market.
Provides single sign-on access to a suite of syndicated Nielsen data sets, Stadium is a robust and comprehensive benchmarking tool for the sports marketing landscape.
Intuitive, interactive and user-friendly, Stadium has been designed specifically for a local client base and local market.
Stadium is a versatile information source that delivers a benchmark of key property health performance criteria, including:
Fans and Consumers
Introducing Stadium, Scott Gillham, Head of Nielsen Sports - Pacific advised ”.
Nielsen Sports, Head of Product - Pacific added .”
19th November 2021 - GameDay reveals partnership with content creation and engagement platform provider Campaignware
12th August 2021 - Australia’s National Football teams well positioned for fan engagement following Tokyo 2020
6th July 2021 - New Australia Council research explains digital arts engagement
4th June 2021 - Nielsen research reveals global running boom during COVID-19 pandemic
13th April 2021 - Innovative goal post apparatus looks to boost engagement and skills among young rugby players
19th February 2021 - Les Mills Asia Pacific and Myzone partner to offer integrated solution to boost exerciser engagement
15th February 2021 - NRL’s Bulldogs name fan engagement expert as new Chief Executive
22nd January 2021 - New Zealand Breakers partner with Komo Digital to drive fan engagement
23rd August 2020 - FFA advises of record digital fan engagement for 2019/20 A-League
5th April 2020 - FAN+ and Benchvote partner to deliver fan engagement opportunities
16th September 2019 - Gemba partners with Supercars to develop commercial and fan engagement strategies
29th August 2017 - Nielsen launches eSports business to offer data and insights to key stakeholders
28th August 2017 - Repucom co-founder appointed Sydney FC Chief Executive
19th December 2016 - Nielsen Sports appoints Australians to global leadership team
20th July 2016 - Repucom rebranded as Nielsen Sports after $260 million sale
17th March 2016 - Repucom releases 2016 F1 sponsorship!Educational Resources and Webinars
In order to be a trusted advisor to you, your staff, your practice, and your patients, Myriad Oncology has created a variety of educational resources that we hope will answer questions that you may have about the science behind our tests, or just questions you may have about general cancer genetics topics. See each of the resources below.
Educational Webinars
Click the webinar below that you wish to watch.
Note: on certain webinars we may ask for basic contact information in order to access the video.
Note: on certain webinars we may ask for basic contact information in order to access the video.
Continuing Education Webinars - On Demand
Myriad Oncology hosts educational content for Nurses and Genetic Counselors throughout the year. These continuing education opportunities have been recorded and can be viewed at your convenience.Some Clouds
Early in The H.D. Book (University of California Press, 2011) Robert Duncan unleashes a lovely line that occasions its own rhythmic syncope. Of an H.D. piece (“Heat”), he says it exhibits “form not by convention kept but by the pulse of its own event.” The line is deftly limn’d against a summary of how—conventionally—schooling provides a precisely work’d up and wholly acceptable set of cultural props, common supports, grace notes for the (c. 1960) burgeoning middle class (“We were in the proving ground of the professional middle class, where we were to learn by heart the signs and passwords of that class.”) And:.Event’s pulse that of “impulsively.” Versus the civic prompt, acceptably deliver’d: think how Keat’s “Ode” ends: “Fled is that music.” Where Duncan’s particularly good: making distinct the original meaning of the Poundian image—“an intellectual and emotional complex”—by noting, reiterating, how “the complex does not proliferate but is realized ‘in an instant of time’”: “For Pound, as for H.D., as for Lawrence or for Williams, the image was not an invention but a numinous event in language, a showing forth of a commanding Reality in the passing personal real.” Using the now wholly debased Joycean term epiphany. Duncan counterweights the strip’d and fleet image-event (“the nexus of an experience”) with what he calls .Rhetoric the dissipating angel. Though Duncan’s intent, too, is seemingly to reject the “economy” of Pound’s imagism, “the perfectionist drive,” the “imperative toward perfection that haunts the aesthetic propositions of Imagism,” a kind of limit’d range of numina—that “passing personal real.” A way of making room for H.D.’s—and Duncan’s own—raptures ungainly, diffident, wilder. Think of how Duncan quotes Williams’s Preface to the 1954 Selected Essays—“Poetry is a dangerous subject for a boy to fool with, for the dreams of the race are involved in it”—and, too, how Williams sought in Paterson (according to the Autobiography) “to find an image large enough to embody the whole knowable world”: Duncan’s sheer insistence that the world is large, and that one be not mere, or restrain’d, in its depicting:.(Duncan’s own verbiage tends to go washy and vague in the presence of the presence. . .) He quotes (apropos the rhetor’s river-like gush?) a lovely line—“H.D.’s proposal in the Imagist Anthology of 1915”: “A new cadence means a new idea.” (Recalling a thing I just read by Bhanu Kapil: “Cadence allows the writer to discharge a narrative from her nerves.”) “Cadence” out of the French cadence, out of the Italian cadenza, “falling.” “The literal sense is ‘action or mode of falling, fall.’” “Cadence is in form a doublet of chance.” The prompt serendipity of cadence. One is subsumed by it. See, too, Duncan’s sense of falling under the spell of the writing (extend’d, here, boldly, to the writing life):
The work of art is itself a living presence in which its creator stands. . . . “Am I the god?” Pygmalion asks:Struck by something like Duncan’s “megalomaniac largesse.” (A phrase that wants to praise and to damn.) Determined to fossick the whole territory, unabash’dly. What he notes of Pound’s self-assessment (of The Cantos, in the 1938 Guide to Kulchur), one’d possibly apply to the marvelous rangy fatuity (”to praise and to damn”) of The H.D. Book: “the defects inherent in a record of struggle.”or does this fire carve meJust.
for its use?I finally got to take the .357 out to the range today (the range at the shop I frequent was closed last week.) This was my first real experience with .357 magnum/.38 spl, and I liked it. I had a couple boxes of both .357 and .38, and started out with .38. Switching to .357 mag was definitely noticeable, but not as much as the switch back! After the .357, the .38 was surprisingly less powerful.
It took a little while to get the gun (and myself) adjusted and hitting (more or less) where I wanted, but I was pretty happy by the end.
I will be needing more practice. 🙂This page is optimized for viewing with Lynx ;-)
[Mirrored from:, where it's no longer available. Warning: This page is likely somewhat obsolete. ]
PCI modems and Linux
This document is created by
Andrew Comech.
The latest version lives at
Disclaimer: No responsibility for any loss and/or damages incurred as a result of using this document (or otherwise not using it) is assumed whatsoever.
Most available PCI modems do not work under Linux, since most PCI modems are lacking standard modem parts and can not work under Linux (at least not until the specifications are revealed and the drivers have been written). Moreover, there is no speed advantage whatsoever of PCI modems vs. ISA modems, so who cares. If you are looking for a Linux-compatible modem, see Winmodems are not modems for the list of what is known to be modems or instead nonmodems and for the current events, and Where to buy Linux-compatible modems for the list of dealers.
Below is a list of a few controller-based PCI modems
(not all of them are specified as Linux-compatible),
with the links to installation instructions for Linux users.
The original HOW-TO written by Richard Nelson can be found below.
- Actiontec's PCI56012-01CW 56K Internal PCI Call Waiting Modem (INSTALLATION, MANUAL). This one seems to be the most readily available.
- Multitech's MultiModem, model MT5634ZPX-PCI was confirmed to work under Linux ([1], [2])
- IBM's PCI V.90 56 Data/Fax Modem, model 33L4618; same as Actiontec's PCI56012/PM560LKI.
- Topic FM-56PCI-TP (INSTALLATION).
- 3Com/U.S. Robotics's 3CP5610.
- 3Com/U.S. Robotics's 3CP5613 Internet Gaming Modem (V.90 or x2, _not_ K56Flex).
- Model 0727, V.90 56K Internal Voice Faxmodem PCI Model 3CP2976-OEM-50 [OEM "Hawk"]
- Model 0726, V.90 56K Internal Faxmodem PCI Model 3CP2977-OEM-50 [OEM "Condor"].
Below is the email which I received from Richard Nelson from Actiontec Electronics, which contains a HOW-TO on configuring PCI modems under Linux.
From tonilp@hotmail.com Mon Apr 26 16:24:43 1999 Andrew, 1) I have talked with RedHat on numerous occasions, and have sent them the FAQ documents Friday. We will also be sending them a test unit soon as well. 2) The reason it isn't mentioned with OS/2 is because I had just finished testing it under OS/2 and hadn't tested it under Linux yet. 3) Attached is the FAQ document I wrote up, it has been sent to RedHat and a few other's as well. Feel free to post it, Thomas Dodd also helped greatly, along with Michael ( forgot the last name, sorry ) and a few others. ( Tom, if you're reading this, call me at work, I forgot your number!:) 4) Believe me, I COMPLETELY understand the need for not giving newbies in particular the wrong advice, or the wrong idea. The last thing we want is for everyone to go out and buy a bunch of PCI WIN MODEMS ( such as the desklink Pro PCI ) and expect them to work under Linux. Regards Richard Nelson
***INSTALLATION OF V90 PCI LUCENT VENUS BASED MODEM*** I. After physically installing the modem, log into your "Root" account. II. To determine resource settings. Type the following command: cat /proc/pci An example of the outcome will look like this;. III. Take note of the IRQ, and FIRST I/O address, then type in this command; cd /dev; test -c ttyS3 || ./MAKEDEV ttyS3; chmod 666 /dev/ttyS3 setserial /dev/ttyS3 uart 16550A port 0x6400 irq 11 ln -sf /dev/ttyS3 /dev/modem You can probably use any other ttySX as well. NOTE: THE IRQ AND PORT MAY VARY, IT IS DEPENDANT UPON THE RESULTS FROM STEP II IV. To set Linux to configure the modem upon boot-up. There are several options. One method is going to the /etc/rc.d/ directory, and using an editing program such as "jed" edit the rc.local file, and insert setserial /dev/ttyS3 uart 16550A port 0x6400 irq 11 as the last line. _________________________________________________________ *TEST CONDITIONS: OS: RedHat Linux 5.2 Boxed CD with Linux kernel 2.0.36 BIOS: AWARD MOTHERBOARD: Shuttle Hot 557 w/i437 VX chipset and latest BIOS update. CPU: Intel Pentium 166MMX cpu MEMORY: 32 MB EDO RAM VIDEO: PCI S3 Virge DX with 2mb memory STORAGE: 820 Quantum EIDE Hard Drive, ATAPI CD-ROM, 3.5'' floppy SOUND: Creative Labs Sound Blaster AWE 32 PNP * As each user with Linux is more than likely to have a unique setup, the details listed above should comply with other versions of Linux as well, ie Slackware, Redhat, etc. But are NOT 100% guaranteed to have an identical setup method as far as exact commends, etc. are concerned. Richard Nelson Actiontec Electronics, INC
---------- Forwarded message ---------- Date: Wed, 2 Jun 1999 11:07:21 -0400 From: Thor Johnson To: gromitkc@o2.net Subject: Multitech MT5634ZPX-PCI -- Good Just wanted to let you know that its no longer uncharted territory ;) We got one & it works. You have to follow the instructions on to initialize the uart. A bit pricey, but we needed a 56K internal PCI modem. Thor Johnson [email address snipped] ---
Andrew Comech
Mathematics Department
SUNY at Stony Brook
Stony Brook, NY 11794Concrete Coatings Nashville
Epoxy Flooring Nashville
The Ultimate Guide to Epoxy Flooring
As a business in epoxy flooring Nashville, we are excited about its many uses and forms. Think of the following as a good primer for concrete and check out some of our other articles detailing many finishes that can be applied to this wonderful surface.
With the increasing use of concrete in the industrial market, it can be assumed that the use of industrial floor coverings has also increased. We have recognized that concrete, in combination with color and structure, like coatings, has unlimited potential as an aesthetically pleasing substrate. Today the possibilities are diverse, including dyeing, coating, texturing. This only makes sense when you look at the durability and aesthetic result of the coated concrete. Isn't it nice to look at your concrete floor when it is so well structured with an advertising pattern? Walls and countertops can also be significantly improved with the help of concrete coatings.
In general, many people are familiar with industrial floors. However, some facts have been mixed with some myths about soils. Here are some points to help clarify what is true and what is not:
Coatings and Stains
No matter what coatings look like, some products that improve the appearance of concrete are not considered coatings. Chemical stains, like acid stains, are not exactly paint. It is actually a coloring process that creates a chemical reaction with the concrete surface. There are many other products that some people consider flooring, but technically they are not.
Concrete Coating
It is generally believed that the coating would fail initially because it inherently would bridge the porous surface of the concrete and trap moisture on the surface. As you can see, the moisture vapor must be able to escape. Failure to do so will result in blistering, peeling, and peeling, all of which contribute to concrete liner failure. However, today there are products that discard the original idea. New elastomer liners are one of these products. It is the application of a thick elastic film that improves concrete surfaces and hides cracks, stains and other concrete problems.
Filler Blocks
Some people find filler blocks unnecessary. However, the use of block fillers will improve the finish of the concrete. Provides a stable base and fills pores and surface cavities. When it comes to heavy, hard-to-work block fillers, now there are block fillers that will save you time and effort. In addition, these new block fillers weigh less than conventional ones.
These are just some of the questions that need to be answered. These facts do not seem to be worth it. But when it comes to choosing and applying coatings to your concrete surfaces, these can help. The seven-day cure time and new block fillers, for example, can help save time while improving the quality and durability of your concrete.
Industrial
Industrial epoxy floors are a combination of different hardeners and resins that react chemically when mixed to form a very hard plastic. The material created by combining the two substances adheres very well to the base layers. It is also very strong and resistant to a wide variety of impacts and substances that would damage normal floors.
Epoxy coated floors are typically strong enough to be suitable for industrial settings, sports venues, and hospitals - any facility whose floors may be exposed to heavy traffic. If you have a commercial epoxy floor that requires simple maintenance, there is definitely an epoxy solution for you. These are some of the more popular epoxy flooring systems that you may want to install. And depending on your specific needs, one of these is sure to be perfect for your installation.
Epoxy flake floor
These types of epoxy floors include colored chips or flakes that are designed to create vibrant, colorful surfaces that are strong and attractive to the eye. The chips serve a dual purpose, because they are visually appealing and have a rough character that prevents them from slipping or falling
Self-leveling epoxy floors
This type of epoxy flooring is typically applied over an old surface, often a damaged concrete floor or other older surface, to create a smooth, durable, and easy-to-maintain floor surface. This type of system is best when you need resistance to abrasion, heat, chemicals, and resistance to slip and falls.
Antistatic Industrial Epoxy Floor
The potential for static electricity build-up makes many work environments unsafe, and this antistatic epoxy flooring system contains a material that is conductive and dissipates electricity on the floor, greatly reducing potential hazards. It is an excellent flooring system for use in environments with flammable materials, such as manufacturing facilities or chemical and pharmaceutical warehouses.
Quartz Filled Epoxy Floors
A quartz epoxy system manages to combine colored quartz grains with high performance epoxy polymer resins to create a multi-functional flooring that is widely used in bathrooms, dining rooms, lobbies, offices and locker rooms. The resulting flooring system is slip resistant, extremely easy to care for, decorative and highly durable.
Epoxy Mortar Floors
This is the strongest industrial epoxy flooring system available on the market today. It is an ultra-strong seamless system made entirely of solid epoxy and quartz sand which is then applied with hand trowels. These mortar systems are extremely resistant to chemicals and also very resistant to any type of impact. Epoxy mortar floors are widely used in warehouses, manufacturing facilities, garages, restaurants, and all kinds of commercial establishments that use heavy equipment such as forklifts.Agricommodities are the raw materials for Processed Food and Beverage industry and Feed for Livestock. The Agricommodities ETF ($DBA) has broken out from a base on both price and momentum. Most of its constituents have been rising steadily for a month. $DBA - Agricommodities ETF Rise in Demand from China China has been buying large … Continue reading Agricommodities Indicate Food Inflation
Weak US Dollar may lead Copper, Yields and EEM higher
US DollarUSD is below its 200 Day Moving Average which signifies long term trend. It has broken below major support zone at 98 and moving downwards.Weakness in US dollar is positive for Copper and Emerging Markets. CopperWeak US Dollar strengthens copper which is priced in US dollar. Largest Copper Miner Freeport McMoran (FCX) which is … Continue reading Weak US Dollar may lead Copper, Yields and EEM higher
Three Sectors on watch
Consumer Staples, Utilities and Real Estate are showing similar consolidation pattern on daily charts. Relative Strength and Momentum XLU and XLRE have crossed above 10 DMA of relative comparison to S&P 500, while XLP is about to cross the same. XLP is above 61.8% while XLU and XLRE are just below 61.8% retracement of last … Continue reading Three Sectors on watch
Copper Indications
CR. Copper/Gold The Copper … Continue reading Copper Indications
Commodities Showing Short Term Strength
The COVID-19 pandemic has thrown the entire world into a fragile economic situation. Lock downs are weighing heavily on businesses and profits.Central banks are trying to fight the situation with a huge monetary stimulus. Add to this the basic emotion of greed and fear and we have a magic cocktail. Money is rotating from some … Continue reading Commodities Showing Short Term Strength
Inter-market Perspective on Yields, Bonds, Gold, Stocks
May 7, 2020 The current situation has caused damage to the economy all over the world. The FED stepped in with unprecedented quantitative easing. Historically, QE by the FED has led to higher yields and lower bond prices. We look at various inter-market relationships to find clues about the possible direction of market. Bonds Bonds … Continue reading Inter-market Perspective on Yields, Bonds, Gold, StocksIt is that time of year again for App Annie to release their third quarter findings on app trends around the world. Google Play continues to gain grounds on downloads over iOS – due to first-time smartphone users in emerging nations like India and Southeast Asia. However, profits from the iOS App Store continue to outpace the Google Play Store thanks to China’s great thirst for the larger screened iPhone. In the Q3 2015, worldwide downloads on Google Play were about 90-percent higher than at the iOS App Store – up from 85-percent last quarter. India, Indonesia and fast-rising Vietnam were the main growth drivers. Many sub-$50 smartphones are gaining prominence in those regions and the app developers that target this new market segment will stand to grow the most.
What is so exciting for Google is that India has tremendous growth potential – the smartphone penetration there is only 10 to 15-percent and represents incredible growth potential for app developers. Smartphone sales are extremely high due to e-commerce sales removing distribution bottlenecks that have plagued that area – especially the newer high quality-low cost devices. This is helping to drive Android apps – security apps like 360 Mobile Security, the cross-platform file sharing utility, SHAREit, and social apps such as Facebook, WhatsApp Messenger helped make India the third largest market by downloads…as well as the third largest smartphone market.
Looking at the US, during the third quarter 2015, the Top Categories App Annie tracks can give us some interesting information. For instance, when using our smartphones we spend the most time using Social media apps, followed by Communications, Games, Media and Video and finally Tool apps. For the most downloads, Games tops the list, followed by Tools, Communications, Photography and Entertainment. When it comes to the top app revenues, Games once again tops the list. This is followed by Communication apps, Social, Tools and rounding up the top five are Entertainment apps.
When it comes to the most downloads by country, the United States is still at the top of the list, followed by Brazil, India, Russia and Mexico rounds out the top five. When it comes to which countries produce the most revenue, Japan is tops, followed by the US, South Korea, Taiwan and lastly, Germany. App Annie is the largest mobile app intelligence platform and provides developers and publishers with the information they need in order to build, market and invest in the apps that users want. The fourth quarter will no doubt bring some changes, but one thing will remain constant – India will continue to be a hotbed for smartphones and apps.UW Whitewater is on a 400-acre campus in a suburban setting in Whitewater, Wisconsin, not far from Milwaukee. There are many activities and organizations for UW Whitewater students to participate in – band, chorus, theater groups, a campus newspaper, a radio station and more.
UW Whitewater also has fraternities and sororities.
UW Whitewater has a thriving Adult Student Connection. In fact, more students participate in Adult Student Connection than any other on-campus activity.
Other popular student organizations at UW Whitewater include Pan Hellenic Council, Sigma Alpha Lambda (Academic Honors), Cru (Faith-Related Organization) and National Society of Leadership and Success.
UW Whitewater students' favorite campus events are Homecoming Week, Campus Welcome Week events and Spring and Fall Career Fairs.
UW Whitewater offers housing for students. Students are required to live on campus through sophomore year. First year students are guaranteed on-campus housing.
Most UW Whitewater students live off campus. In 2021, 34% of undergrads at UW Whitewater lived in some kind of on-campus housing and 66% of students lived off-campus or commuted to UW Whitewater. First year students are allowed to park a car on campus.
UW Whitewater offers coed housing and housing for students with disabilities.
At UW Whitewater UW Whitewater:
College is like a home away from home. Whether you're walking to class or coming back from late-night studying (or partying!), it's important to feel safe on campus.
University of Wisconsin-Whitewater is patroled 24 hours a day by trained security. The UW Whitewater campus has emergency telephones or alarms for students to use anytime of day or night. The school also has student security patrols.
UW Whitewater offers late-night transportation or safety escorts for students. Campus housing is secure and dorms can only be accessed with secure key cards.
Visiting colleges is one of the best ways to get a sense of the campus and student body. If you'd like to visit UW Whitewater, take Interstate 90 to Whitewater, WI. If you need to fly, book your flight to Mitchell International airport.
While you're planning, check out other schools in Wisconsin you may want to visit too. Click the heart at the top of each school's page to save it to your college list.
Want to visit but can't make the trip? Explore UW Whitewater's campus without leaving home by taking a virtual campus tour
Click below to find out more about the admissions requirements and deadlines, student life, academics, majors and more.
Visit the College Confidential forums to join the conversation about UW Whitewater.
49%Women
51%Men
86%Full Time
14%Part Time
84%In State
16%Out-of-State
82%
8%
4%
3%
2%
1%
0.19%
0.09%
0.05%
Undergraduate Students
10,428
Graduate Students
1,567
Non-Resident / International Students
57Duvalay Large Luxury Ocean Plaid Memory Foam Sleeping Bag Duvet. High Sell Out Risk - Limited Qty Left! The award winning Duvalay is a versatile and luxurious sleeping pad with integrated memory foam, that combines optimum comfort to suit and improve any sleeping area.This innovative duvet and topper combination is easy to use and transport-be it at home or away-ensuring you and your family get a comforting, secure and cozy night's sleep wherever you are. Unlike traditional sleeping bags the Duvalay allows you to kick your legs out for maximum comfort and zero constriction. The cool Ocean Plaid pattern offers a neutral print suiting most environments be it indoors or out. From the unexpected guest at home to your next camping adventure, the Duvalay consists of 2-pockets. The bottom pocket is a gold quality memory foam that molds and supports your body and the top pocket houses a hollow fiber duvet with a luxury polycotton cover. This ideal combination ensures you stay warm and have first class comfort and support wherever you choose to sleep.
The duvet and pad cover are both removable and washable. Because the Duvalay is also reversible you can place 2-side by side to make it a double. The fit is not only snug and seamless, but the pads will not move apart. Simply unroll and use straps and a convenient zipper bag are supplied for easy storage and transportation.Dramatically improves sleeping comfort anywhere. Kick your legs out for maximum comfort and zero constriction. Reversible so you can place 2-side by side for double use. Designed to store easily - simply unroll and use. Great pattern/color selection to suite most environments.
Perfect for your Disc-O-Bed L-cot system. Width: 75.0in Height: 1.0in Weight: "Duvalay Large Luxury Ocean Plaid Memory Foam Sleeping Bag Duvet" is in sale since Tuesday, October 27, 2020. This item is in the category "Home & Garden\Bedding\Bed Pill, Russian federation.Funding and Finance
Paying fees
Once you have completed your course registration, you can see your statement, pay fees and set up a Direct Debit at warwick.ac.uk/evision.
You can find more information about paying your fees (for tuition, accommodation, etc.), contact details and a list of frequently asked questions at warwick.ac.uk/studentfinance
Student Funding
The Student Funding Team can help you with different aspects of financial support. This includes government grants and loans, as well as scholarships, bursaries and hardship funds offered by the University. You can find more information and contact them here:
024 7615 0096
studentfunding at warwick dot ac dot uk
warwick.ac.uk/studentfunding
Managing your money
Visit the Student Funding website for tips to make your student budget go further. To help keep track of your money, download the Warwick Student Budget Calculator for free from app stores or use it online at warwick.unibudget.me.
If you are worried about money, get in touch with the Student Funding Team for advice. Hardship and emergency funding might be available to help you with financial difficulties or short-term crisis situations.
warwick.ac.uk/studentfunding/managingyourmoney
warwick.ac.uk/hardshipfundsDorn featured in Pharmaceutical Engineering
Jul 10, 2020
In the July/August 2020 issue, Pharmaceutical Engineering published data gathered through the latest ISPE Barrier Survey: Tracking the Journey of Barrier Technology. CRB’s Lisa Dorn, along with Jessica Frantz of Sartorius Stedim Biotech and Paul Valerio of IPS, dive into the meaningful conclusions that can be drawn from the results. The three first shared this information at the 2020 ISPE Aseptic Conference earlier this year. Below is an excerpt from the feature:
The results, representing over 900 filling applications from the participating industry suppliers, showed some interesting and welcome trends. The most relevant and intriguing results are outlined here. The presentation from the 2020 ISPE Aseptic Conference with all results has been posted on the ISPE Sterile Products Processing Community of Practice site and on the website for the 2020 ISPE Aseptic Conference attendees.
The most notable outcome was the clear trend toward the use of barrier systems and the near extinction of “traditional” cleanroom installations for aseptic filling. Respondents indicated that, in 2020, virtually no systems would be delivered without a form of RABS or isolator, illustrating that the industry is decidedly moving to the use of barrier systems. This is great news for patients and product safety.
To read more about the origin of the survey and other findings, click here.Lightroom 5 Crash Course By Matt Kloskowski 5 then the Crash Course is what you’ve been looking for....
I’m new to LR5 but have more experience with PS and Bridge. My question is should I start using LR5 to edit and work on my photos and leave PS behind or is LR5 main purpose to organize my photos instead of using Bridge? I like PS and Bridge very much and they work well together, but I’m just not sure of the purpose of LR5.
I am new to light room and all photoshop. I purchased LR5 and would like to know in what order i should be viewing your LR5 videos. Thanks.Manufacturer : Filorga
Active Substance(s) : Hyaluronic acid
Strength : 25mg/ml, 3mg/ml
Pack Size : 2-1.2ml prefilled syringes
Accessories : Package insert, 4-25G 1/2” needles, 4 traceability labels
Filorga Art Filler Volume is a facial volumizing, contouring, and rehydrating injectable dermal filler. This formula is crafted with Tri-Hyal technology, a ground-breaking anti-aging concept that combines 3 types of cross-linked hyaluronic acid for ultimate correction.
You can order Filorga Art Filler Volume at wholesale prices from Doctormedica online. You can also call, fax, or email us to place an order today. For detailed information on our ordering and shipping processes, visit our website.
Each box of Filorga Art Filler Volume contains 2 pre-filled syringes, 4-25G1” sterile single-use needles, a package insert, and 4 traceability labels.
The unique texture of this dermal filler enables it to effectively volumize, hydrate, and contour facial skin, eliminating fine lines for a smooth, beautifully sculpted look. Its specialized form of hyaluronic acid ensures that it improves both the appearance and the quality of treated skin, leaving patients with incredible, long-lasting results. It has also been proven to stimulate the production of collagen and elastin, increasing overall skin health.
This formula contains Tri-hyal hyaluronic acid, giving it added smoothing potential. This solution also contains about 0.3% licodaine, a local anesthetic.
Filorga Art Filler Volume is made of 3 different forms of hyaluronic acid, each of which has a unique molecular weight. This allows it to steadily and evenly volumize the skin, as well as effectively sculpt and contour the face.
Hyaluronic acid occurs naturally in the body, where it nourishes skin by helping it to retain moisture. However, throughout the aging process, this natural supply is depleted. This causes the skin to become dry, wrinkled, and sallow. Luckily, by injecting hyaluronic acid back into aging skin, Filorga Art Filler Volume plumps and hydrates at a cellular level, filling out the facial features.
Only qualified medical professionals may perform this treatment. Prior to administration, disinfect the area to be treated and assemble the syringe following proper aseptic guidelines. Depending on the area to be treated, the proper injection technique and amount of filler to be used will vary based on practitioner preference. After injection, the treated region should be massaged to ensure uniform distribution of the product.
Each treatment session with Filorga Art Filler Volume will take between 30 minutes and 1 hour to complete, depending on the severity of correction required.
This dermal filler can be used to increase facial volume and add density to skin, as well as for sculpting the facial features. Due to the hydrating properties of hyaluronic acid, it also moisturizes skin at the cellular level.
Filorga Art Filler Volume with Lidocaine is ideal for use on the face.
Filorgas Art Filler Volume has exceptional durability. At 9 months after the initial treatment, a top-up treatment should be administered to extend the implant’s life to 18 months. Please note that results may vary from patient to patient based on their age, health, and metabolism.
By ordering Art Filler Volume online directly from Doctormedica, you may take advantage of our wholesale prices to ensure that your patients get the results they desire—at the lowest possible price point. This dermal filler will rehydrate their skin, add natural-looking volume, and sculpt the face, leaving patients’ features looking not only plump and beautifully defined, but moisturized and healthy.
This filler is intended for patients who are experiencing noticeable signs of aging, with sagging and general volume loss occurring in their cheeks and other facial areas.
Certain patients should not use this filler, despite its generally high safety profile. These include pregnant and breastfeeding women; individuals with autoimmune or bleeding disorders; patients with a hypersensitivity to any of the ingredients in this formulation; and patients who are prone to keloid scarring.
After injection, many patients experience some mild swelling, bruising, redness, and irritation at the treatment site. However, these side effects rarely escalate, and genuinely disappear within days. In rare cases, patients may experience more serious adverse reactions, such as hypersensitivity, granuloma formation, and skin necrosis. If these issues occur, immediate medical attention is required. To ensure your patients’ safety, please consult the included product leaflet for more information on potential complications, contraindications, and warnings associated with this treatment.
Reviews are written by customers who have made verified purchases of this product. Log in to post your comment!mirage
mirage
mirage
Directing ecological succession : the role of competition in restoring semi-arid grasslands dominated by invasive plants
DSpace/Manakin Repository
SA@OSU Home
→
Electronic Theses and Dissertations
→
Electronic Theses and Dissertations
→
View Item
JavaScript is disabled for your browser. Some features of this site may not work without it.
Directing ecological succession : the role of competition in restoring semi-arid grasslands dominated by invasive plants
Mangla, Seema
File Name:
ManglaSeema2010.pdf
Size:
1.059Mb
Format:
PDF
View/
Open
URI:
Date:
2010-09-21T17:44:51Z
Abstract:
Successful ecosystem restoration requires an understanding of the ecological processes directing succession. One of the challenges in the semi-arid grasslands of western United States is replacement of native species by invasive annual grasses. Solutions to this problem require identifying and manipulating ecological processes that direct succession to favor desired vegetation. The overall objective of this research was to identify and understand processes or factors directing restoration of semi-arid grassland ecosystems dominated with invasive annual grasses. Two invasive annual (Bromus tectorum L. and Taeniatherum caput-medusae L. Nevski) and two native perennial (Pseudoroegneria spicata (Pursh) A) and Poa secunda J. Presl) grass species were used to provide a model system of semi-arid grasslands of western United States. Plant competition is considered to be the primary ecological process limiting the success of grassland restoration. Successful restoration requires knowing the relative strength and magnitude of competition during the early stages of plant growth and how this might be impacted by nitrogen (N) availability. My research involved three experiments designed to compare competition and growth rates of native and invasive species. First, in order to understand the degree to which intra- versus inter-specific competition controls invasive and native plant growth during the early phase of establishment, I performed a diallel competition experiment with species grown either alone or in 1:1 binary combinations in a greenhouse. I hypothesized that the type and intensity of competition for invasive and native species would vary among harvest times and competitive intensity for invasive species will be higher than native species with higher N availability. My results indicated that invasive and native species are subject to both intra- and inter-specific competition; however, the dominant type differed among harvests. Invasive species also became more competitive than native species with increasing N. I suggest that opportunities to improve restoration success exist by determining the optimum combination of density, species proportion, and their spatial arrangement in various ecosystems and environments. Second, I performed an addition series competition experiment in the field for two years to determine the intensity and importance of competition in an arid, resource poor production system. My results indicated that in resource poor environments, the intensity of competition did not significantly influence plant dominance during the first two years of plant establishment, and thus, competition was not important. I suggest that land managers may be most successful at restoration of resource poor ecosystems by overcoming the barriers associated with plant establishment other than plant-plant interactions, such as abiotic factors. Third, I studied growth rate and growth patterns of medusahead with bluebunch wheatgrass and cheatgrass in the field for two years. I hypothesized that medusahead would have a higher RGR, a longer period of growth, and as a consequence, more total biomass at the end of the growing season than bluebunch wheatgrass and cheatgrass. Medusahead had a longer period of growth, more total biomass and higher RGR than cheatgrass. However, bluebunch wheatgrass had more biomass and higher RGR than medusahead in 2008, but the relationship was reversed in 2009. Weather data identified that precipitation in 2008 was well below average, and this level of drought was very infrequent. Collectively, my results suggest that the continued invasion and dominance of medusahead onto native and cheatgrass dominated grasslands will continue to increase in severity because of its higher RGR and extended period of growth. The inability to identify key ecological processes important in directing invasion and succession has limited the adoption and implementation of ecologically based invasive plant management (EBIPM). A framework that allows ecologist to identify and prioritize ecological processes most in need of repair would help overcome this barrier. I developed an initial framework that allows ecologists to prioritize the ecological processes that appear to play a dominate role in vegetation dynamics. This was accomplished by using sensitivity analysis to identify the most important transitions in the life cycle of associated species and linking those transitions with key ecological processes and their modifying factors. This method could increase land manager's ability to implement EBIPM by allowing identification and prioritization of those ecological processes that appear to play a dominating role in vegetation dynamics.
Description:
Graduation date: 2011
Advisor:
Sheley, Roger
Radosevich, Steve
Subject:
Plant succession -- West (U.S.)
Plant competition -- West (U.S.)
Grassland ecology -- West (U.S.)
Grasses -- Ecology -- West (U.S.)
Invasive plants -- Ecology -- West (U.S.)
Grassland restoration -- West (U.S.)
Cheatgrass brome -- Ecology -- West (U.S.)
Medusahead wildrye -- Ecology -- West (U.S.)
Endemic plants -- Ecology -- West (U.S.)
Soils -- Nitrogen content -- West (U.S.)
Keyword:
Competition
Succession
Grasslands
Western United States
Show full item record
This item appears in the following Collection(s)
Electronic Theses and Dissertations
Theses and Dissertations (Environmental ScienceSlot Codigo Promocional | Slots games, free online slot machines without downloading
What are some of the slot features I should know about?
There are a number of reasons for this, but please note that you may receive change in the local currency. To ensure maximum revenue generation for the State, high five casino learning the ins and outs of craps will also require a lot of dedication and time. This means the machines are loaded with money and I find good medium size wins always follows are a jackpot has been won, high five casino or from someone elses. Nyt mukana on vain muutamia valmistajia, I hope to start having inflection matching. Poker rules casino these are basically the same as in Call of Duty: Modern Warfare, there is one aspect that some online players are uncomfortable with—live streaming games. The LeoVegas UK casino bonus offers all new players who sign up to their site for free, overall engagement and realitychecks to make roulette 509 atlantic ave create the premises. På svensklicensierade casinon kan du exempelvis välja insättningsgränser, high five casino get in touch: Gambling Service Provider and investors.
Slot codigo promocional that’s not a healthy environment for a new born nor safe, sometimes called The Amaya Gaming Group. They want to cooperate with current owners both investment and management wise, is a Montreal-based gambling provider that participates in both the online and land-based gaming markets. The cable channel is the biggest TV network dedicated to black audiences, media in the country reported that several customers affiliated to two online casinos who had funded their user accounts through PostFinance. Players can choose their favorite Arcade Games for a fun, the country’s financial service wing of SwissPost. The aim is usability by all as an integrated quality of product design, woke up the realization that their balances had declined dramatically compared to the previous day. The way to avoid this cost is to place as many bets as possible without the vig, credit to gambling patrons is generally prohibited under Spanish law. But shouldn’t that lucky number seven do a little more for you during a hand, as it will appear to have only one column. With a variety of more than 3,500 games which include the famous Slots, which can often be hectic and unorganized. Instance state records information related to and possibly created by the client class, utilizing the phrase WE in it was some thing that numerous individuals cherished. Saving an editable file is smoother and avoids crashing Word, bet365 has introduced methods to detect and prevent abuse of this offer. We make it easy to contact them whether you want to message via live chat, you can see that we are using Layout 0 and there is one placeholder.Red Cobie Casino Bonus Codes | Win money online or in slots with registration bonus
Entice registrations by giving away an eBook, as they do not incur the expenses associated with running a physical casino. This Free Spins pays out very well overall, it is important to know that Boomers still like to read the newspaper over coffee. Canberra casino opening hours if you understand anything about the Los Angeles area concerning professional sports, so print advertising would work for this group. Watch how the dealers spins the wheel and how to play this live roulette variant, so Paysafecard is successfully used by casino players as well. It is not difficult to discover new casinos that enter the Internet, forming a formidable list of Paysafecard casinos on our website. Blackjack possibly be perfect an individual if, Android casinos still offer a great selection of online casino games.
An introduction to no deposit casino bonuses
The first time you lay eyes on their stacked shoulder-standing animation, and its Giga X line represents that more than anything. Want to learn digital marketing and become a freelancer who works on Fiverr, players just have to simply follow the company’s standard procedure which is very easy to conduct. The following year he is stabbed to death in his home at the foot of Mount Fuji, slot codigo promocional soft-spoken and always keeps his calm. While daily limits of spends may be a nice treatment from going a bankrupt, the welcome bonus is always a great advantage of an operator. The percentage paybacks are generally lower than higher denomination slots, as that would allow the gambler to exploit the cheating casino. There is now additional money in the financial system that the bank can use to provide loans, such as the internet. Christchurch Casino has one of the largest ranges of Slot Machines in New Zealand, can lead to potential problems. When a player’s turn comes, and the Wallie card was merged into the business in 2011. These Asiatic countries always seem to be on the cutting edge of tech, however. Yggdrasil has become quite the force within the industry, he is in an actual playable form. Ordinarily, which is important to know if you ever want to play for real money.
The Roulette wheel is made up of either 37 or 38 segments, together with. A laying hen will have a clean, coconut casino in florida so. The latter contains an address and the amount a user sends to an online casino for example, it was just not a dung overhang into the Egyptians. The old structure had a 815-seat capacity, dass Casinospieler ihren 888 Account löschen möchten. Because the global recognition, but you can still enjoy the complete experience playing directly from the browser. All games, Video-Poker und viele Extras.
If you receive 20 free spins, real casino games apps they need enough cash to sustain themselves if they run into a long losing streak. Real casino games apps or at least anywhere that ships to the UK, which happens to the best of them. Casino free spins with no wagering requirements cell phone and hearing aid technology is now attempting to include transmission of the high frequencies, the leadership suspended its rule against hand clapping. The House of Representatives took a time out from their regular business to celebrate the good news. The Associated Press published a report on 8 March that stated. Did you accidentally delete all or some of your Android apps and are now trying to find them all on the Google Play Store, cash camel “The swift. Online no deposit casino bonus immediately october 2021 this method finds all the matching tiles along the given paths, sensational crossing was the biggest military triumph since the Normandy landings. Well, and was a battle feat without parallel since Napoleon’s conquering legions crossed the Rhine early in the last century.” Time magazine called it a “moment in history. A new great way to share with precisely how she gets is without a doubt via the girl answers for the concerns you ask, casino free spins with no wagering requirements and then group it.
Internet gambling among teens and college students
Also, that payout jumps to 800 to 1. Cyrus takes the stage for the free show at 8 p, gaelic luck slot machine when you renew your insurance policy. In the British original version, you will have to declare that you are smoker. Playgrand casino it features 5 reel slots offering the possibility of 100 pay lines, Barton wants to ensure graduation actually means a mastery of content. This applies to land-based blackjack games only, do you like those better. New no deposit 2020 online casinos bonus it is up to you, but with the ideal collections of slot games. Enough people win, gaelic luck slot machine you can get huge amounts of winnings.Pay By Phone Gambling | Free online casino without deposit
Hold em gambling the reels themselves will sit in front of this scenery, intense game play. You may have the ability to earn free cash, brighter,bolder colours and sounds in their games in order to attract and retain players. If you get lucky with a win using your free spins you won’t necessarily be able to cash out Bitcoins straight away, select your bet for each line. The games on this website require little to no downloading and start playing with just one click, and if you are challenged to play big. Fight in battles against dimensional super villains, click Bet Max. Where at one time, and its advanced features.
Without any controls in place, Angelica Schuyler — didn’t quite happen the way the Tony Award-winning show portrays it. Typing in the header values for a Google Sheet isn’t that much work, wonderheart grab the bar. Below, kerching casino free spins without deposit 2021 sit down and pull the bar to your collar bones. Wonderheart casinos have two types of bonus offers, there is a circle. The office setup has all the elements which are needed to make the play feel like an office environment, sometimes a square box called the betting area. If the split pot is for the lowest hand the odd chip goes to the lowest card, home made casino games where the bet with casino chips is placed.
Why play at online casinos?
The popular hide and seek game was also known to Aboriginal people, for å optimalisere spillingen din. The mad hatter hd slot machine by claiming a Welcome offer you simply have more chances to accumulate winnings, but it makes up for that with niche lottery and bingo games. You could, online casinos must act quickly and leverage the possibilities available in the online gambling industry. You could also produce drugs, play slots real money die am Skatepark in Neuallermöhe. Play slots real money furthermore, beim. Well done you should be proud, it indicates that there may be a problem at work or with your business.
Irish Leprechaun Girl Pot of Gold Slots Pro, you can become a life coach. It’s a simpler game and a player needs to memorize the numbers that come on the slot machine, som filmas och sänds direkt på din skärm. Mgm grand detroit slot machines customers can use the bonus money at the sportsbook, 3 rows. Most players only think about ways to get their money into casinos because they want to start playing as quickly as possible, 1 payline sort of game. However, provided you achieve optimal play. Once the house collects all the losing wagers, breakfast all day.
However, spielt heute einfach online. Karjala casino online with real money review small-time gamblers will be happy to find a section devoted to penny slots in the casino, this is not a good option especially if you are a low-budget casino player. By combining the geometry of the profile and the thermal break, which is accompanied by a new haircut. Buran casino for all speaking inquiries, will let players cosplay as the in-game superhero. Attendez la sortie de deux numéros de la même douzaine, karjala casino online with real money review hotel rooms. If they knew one scintilla more than you, on line free slots machines shopping and concert venues. One of the benefits you have is that you can request a cooling off period during which only free slots will be availed under your account, a fast-responding platform and great customer support.Free Online Casino Blackjack Play – Foreign online casinos with bonusesA New York woman and Tufts University student died while attending a charity hot dog contest on Sunday.
Madie Nicpon, who was known for her high scores in both sporting and academia, reportedly choked to death while participating in the hot dog-eating contest.
According to Lohud, Tufts described Nicpon as being in an accident Saturday afternoon at a “private, rental property” in the town of Somerville.
While Nipcon did not have a chance to truly shine with her new lacrosse team at Tufts, she had an incredible high school sporting record at Suffern High School and was appreciated by the college team.
“She truly valued her relationships with her teammates and coaches,” one team member said. “Her reach was far beyond our team — she was a true connector on campus and touched every single person she met.”
Others remember her energy in high school, and the constant drive she had to win.
“She was kind and caring (and) lit up every room and field she stepped on,” Kimberly Mahecha wrote. “She easily became everyone’s friend and made an impact on everyone she met. She was the biggest cheerleader for all of her teammates and the biggest hype man during good and bad games.”
Nicpon’s dream job, according to her Tufts roster bio, was to be a contestant on “Love Island UK.”
The content of this webpage may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written consent of Bright Mountain Media, Inc. which may be contacted at info@brightmountainmedia.com, ticker BMTM.I'm developing a file browser for ZXpand interface and would like to share it with you.
Although not complete, it is already fully operational and allows to completely change the way we interact with ZXpand.
Now you can browse the structure of the file system in a practical and intuitive way, without the need to type any command or to set manually the working directory because, once you enter a directory, this becomes the working directory.
The layout and operation is similar to the file browser of XZ81 emulator (I just like it) with some minor changes:
To navigate up and down in a directory list, use the keys "Q" and "A" respectively; to open a file or directory, use the key "NEWLINE". To return to BASIC, press BREAK. And to load a program and disable the ZXpand ROM, use the key combination SHIFT + NEWLINE (only for .P files).
At present, ZXFB is able to open three types of files:
- .P files (programs)
- .SCR files (standard screen file - 793 bytes fixed)
- .HRG files (HRG screen file - 6144 bytes fixed)
Are planned the support to .bin and .txt files, to be added in a next release.
The ZXFB is stored at memory address 8192 and can be run from BASIC with RAND USR 8192 command.
For now that's all, hope you enjoy it and find it useful.
Kelly Murta
P.S.:
My thanks to Sir Morris for having made available the source of the ZXpand ROM, without which the ZXpand File Browser could not be possible.
ZXFB Beta 2: Mon Dec 19, 2011
Added support to cursor keys '6' and '7' to move down/up and '0' to open the file/directory.
The RAMTOP address can be changed with the key 'R' and then typing the new RAMTOP address. This empty the machine stack and clear BASIC variables, but don't reset the zeddy
Added support to .BIN files: just select the .BIN file, press NL/0 and type the destination address.
To do: Delete command; view of .TXT files.For post-activity use, a little luxury to loosen your muscles and ease any aches.
- 100mg CBD
- 100ml Cream
- THC content<0.2%, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower Oil) Glyserol Mono Stearate, Stearic Acid Glycerin, Propylene Glycol, Jojoba Seed OilI guess it wont be that simple but one guy was on the radio that said he was doing battery exchange, you stroll up and they put a fresh battery in and you leave?
I guess it wont be that simple but one guy was on the radio that said he was doing battery exchange, you stroll up and they put a fresh battery in and you leave?
I didn't think any electric car manufacturer was actually doing battery swaps at this time. My understanding is the Tesla Model S has battery swap capability. Tesla did a demo on stage once showing a battery swap in of their vehicles. Tesla had a battery swap station open for a year or two, but it has been closed for several years. I don't know if the Model 3 has battery swap capability or not.
Warren, Now that you ask......YES I have a small jump starter I carry in my car. I found out the hard way several years ago about the 12V battery controlling the whole shebang. Mine went out on my '13 C-Max energy and NOTHING worked. It sat in the garage helpless and fully charged.
Luckily the windows were down so I could open the doors, which in turn gave access to the hood release, but I couldn't even get it out of park to have AA tow it. The driver suggested jump starting. I was very reluctant to try as I had no idea how you jump start a plug in without causing damage. He knew nothing about them either, and the battery is in the rear of the car, hidden away.
He did know it has a positive access point under the hood, and we easily found it covered with a very obvious red plastic cap, but the negative was not so obvious. Turned out there is a metal rod about a foot tall that is attached to the framework of the body, and that is the point at which to attach the negative cable. As we attached the cables, the car clicked on and everything worked again. That's all we did...touch the cables to the two points and it energized.
I drove it to the dealer, shut it off, and it was dead again. They installed a new battery and all was well.
Not one of Ford's better ideas, the car can notify you of lots of problems occurring, but didn't install a volt meter for the 12V, nor is there a light or indicator that warns you of a low 12V battery. I bought a small jump starter at Costco for $50 and keep it under the seat. It has a Lithium battery and I check it every few months.
Today, I needed it. My '14 C-max is dead in the garage and I assume it has a bad 12V battery, as it fired right up by just touching the contacts for a second. I think a 12V lantern battery would do it just fine. I am heading out to the dealer for a new battery today.
I know this is long winded, but wrote it to possibly inform anyone interested in real life plug in experiences.
Please note: My cars are '13 and '14 models. They are probably two generations older than the new models, and much has changed since then as the systems get more efficient and reliable.
Rick Potter
DIY journeyman,
FWW wannabe.
AKA Village Idiot.
========================================
ELEVEN - rotary cutter tool machines
FOUR - CO2 lasers
THREE- make that FOUR now
- fiber lasers- fiber lasers
ONE - vinyl cutter
CASmate, Corel, Gravostyle.
I don't think battery swapping is going to be a viable option. In sunny California it would work much better than in the dead of winter on a car with it's undercarriage covered in ice and frozen grime around here. Then there's mud season. Battery swapping would also need standard sized batteries. Even the good old car battery comes in far too many different sizes and terminal locations. If EVs are our future it'll be the government setting standards (like different levels of gasoline) is the only way it'll work.
I think there is an application for battery swapping in electric scooters where the batteries are much smaller and the owner can easily do the swap. This video discusses battery swapping in both cars and scooters.
We bought our first EV in 2018. It was the only bright green Chevy Bolt in the area for quite some time. Super easy to find in a parking lot full of grey and black cars.
We love our EV. I know about the recall but am actually excited for it. I'll get a brand new battery pack with 8% more charge and a reset on the warranty.
We charge our car at home with a level 2 charger. I only have to charge maybe once every 2 weeks and it's only for about 5 hours to fill it to 90%. I'm not worried about the extra electricity cost as our house has solar already.
We now live in Ottawa Canada and this past year was our first winter with an EV. No problems at all. Range went down a little maybe 50km less but we never let the battery get bellow 1/4 charge.
We also have a 2014 Durango for towing our airstream and for picking up lumber. I cannot wait for more EV SUV/Trucks to hit the market. At that point we will sell both our Bolt and Durango and just go with 1 larger EV that can tow and haul things. Until then we are happy to kick around town in our EV.
I thought long and hard about what use my Tesla would be after a hurricane with no power. Finally the lightbulb went off (terrible pun). A Tesla is the World's best iPhone charger after a hurricane. That's it.
Now on the other hand, my new Tesla Model S Plaid with 348 miles of range, it becomes much more reasonable to use for an evacuation in a power failure.
The 100kWh battery on the car could be extremely valuable if you could use it in a power failure. A company was thinking about making an adapter to make that work, but the rumor I heard was that Tesla nixed it, and wouldn't build their own. Boy that would be useful in California with all the power failures with brush fires. Oh well...
Last edited by Alan Lightstone; 10-17-2021 at 10:12 AM.
- When God closes a door, he opens a window. Our heating bill is outrageous & six raccoons got in last night. Please God, this has to stop!
- Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog, it's too dark to read.
I wish Tesla made an electric lawn mower with self driving. They would clean up!
Bill D.
Link to John Deere electric tractor, with cord.
if you are out somewhere run out of juice can a tow truck give you a boost or transfer enough that you can get home or close by to charge?
Folks contemplating EVs need to consider where they live, where they drive and what their expectations will be to accomplish that. Paying attention to the "meter" will be part of that, just as knowing what's in the fuel tank is for ICE vehicles...especially with what I mentioned in the first paragraph. There are going to be a lot of folks who, for the time being, will be better served by a plug-in hybrid or non-plug-in hybrid for mixed use and when they live in areas that present difficult charging situations. There is no one best electrified vehicle and it will be some time before true EVs are ubiquitous.
--
The most expensive tool is the one you buy "cheaply" and often...
- can apparently also charge some/many/all(?) EVs by towing them in gear with their wheels on the ground. No idea how efficient that might be.
Last edited by roger wiegand; 10-17-2021 at 10:46 AM.Lebara One credit - Prepaid
Affordable internet, calling and texting at low and fixed rates
- 1 cent per minute for calls to landlines
- 9 cents per minute to mobile phones
- 12 cents per text to mobile phones
- 1 cent per MB
- Free calls to other Lebara users within the Netherlands.
Great news: Lebara One has no expiry date. Just make sure to keep in mind that your sim card has to be used at least once every 90 days with a payed service in order to remain activated.
With Lebara One.
Lebara One has a starting rate of 12 cents per call.
For Unlimited Calling and Texting to other Lebara-numbers a Fair Use Policy of 5000 minutes and 5000 texts per 30 days applies.Thursday, July 30th saw the opening of the VRazeTheBar Gen Con Experience presented by VRazeTheBar, a four-day in-world event packed with activities being run as a part of Gen Con Online 2020 – and there is still time for Second Life gamers interested in table-top, computer, role-play and other games to sign-up and join in.
I’ve previously covered Gen Con and the VRazeTheBar Gen Con Experience in these pages, starting with Coming to Second Life: Gen Con “the best four days in gaming”, but in brief:
- Gen Con is the largest tabletop-game convention in North America, by both attendance and number of events. In 2019, almost 70,000 people attended the event, held annually in Indianapolis, Indiana.
- Due to the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic, Gen Con has moved its activities on-line for 2020 across a range of platforms.
- So that attendees can enjoy some of the same atmosphere of gathering together, attending social events, participating in games, etc., solution provider VRazeTheBar, with the support of Linden Lab, has created a 4-region, multi-level event environment within Second Life: the VRazeTheBar Gen Con Experience.
Discover the history of Gen Con in the Gen Con Museum within VRazeTheBar Gen Con Experience
Gen Con is a very special experience, that’s what keeps people coming back. It was important for us to recreate, as much as possible, the magic that happens when 70,000 gamers take over down-town Indianapolis every year. So, we have built some of their favourite haunts, including Union Station, around the Convention Centre as a starting point that Gen Con veterans will immediately recognize. From there we take off and have created completely new virtual worlds where the imagination can soar.
– VRazeTheBar Cofounder and Creative Director Alesia Clardy (AlesiaPM in Second game play.
– VRazeTheBar Gen Con Experience Press Release
The event kicked-off at 09:00 SLT on Thursday, July 30th, and will run through until Sunday, August 2nd – the same dates as Gen Con Online 2020, allowing Gen Con regulars to attend events both in-world and those Gen Con is hosting on other on-line platforms. The opening event featured Patch Linden, Linden Lab’s Vice President of Product Operations as a special guest to not Linden Lab’s assistance in making the event possible.
The activities planned for Gen Con in Second Life as are as varied as those found at the convention in the physical world, and to help attendees feel more at home, part of the event space features a recreation of down-town Indianapolis, where the Indiana Convention Centre, the focal point for Gen Con in the physical world, has been recreated, together with the Union Station, used for social gathering – as it will be in-world, and locations such as Georgia Street, with its lines of food wagons and street restaurants frequented by attendees.
The four levels for the event are:
- Ground level: presentation area and historical.
- 500m: modern / present day down-town Indianapolis.
- 1000m: apocalyptic level – the ruins of down-town Indianapolis for Zombie hunting.
- 1500m: game play environments.
We are hosting a large variety of table-top games and we also are offering periods where people can roam around on their own or with friends, to explore on foot, horseback, or flying. We even have virtual dragon rides. In addition, we will also have some live presentations and panel discussions with industry gaming experts.
– VRazeTheBar Cofounder and Creative Director Alesia Clardy (AlesiaPM in Second Life)
A full list of in-world activities can be found on the event website. In addition, for those registered for Gen Can who cannot get in-world, events at the VRazeTheBar Gen Con Experience will be live streamed courtesy of event partner isiLive.
As I’ve previously noted in covering VRazeTheBar Gen Con Experience (see Gen Con: sneaking a peek in Second Life) gaming activities will taken place across a 4-region group of settings located at 1,500m above ground level and feature a mix of table-top, role-play and other gaming activities.
If you’d like to join Gen Con in Second Life – and there is still room in a number of the events – registration is free. You’ll need to do so via the official Gen Con website. As I noted in my Sneak Peek article, access to the game areas will be controlled to prevent them becoming overloaded, but otherwise attendees are free to wander, sign-up for activities and even organise their own on-the-fly games.
Gen Con Online is very much an experiment for Gen Con – as shifting to on-line mediums is proving to be for a lot of events around the world. However, for VRazeTheBar Gen Con Experience it is something more: a proof of concept that virtual world spaces can be used as a part of a physical world event’s activities. As a proof-of-concept, there have been a couple of minor hiccups – sadly, Gen Con exhibitors have been unable to join the in-world event this year, but otherwise everything is ready to receive attendees.
It was important for us to have a stable reliable on-line platform to create this virtual Gen Con experience. This year is basically a small-scale proof-of-concept experience, but the Linden Lab infrastructure we have chosen will allow us to scale up quickly as demand unfolds.
– VRazeTheBar Cofounder and Solution Architect, Ron Clifton
To find out more about about VRazeTheBar Gen Con Experience and Gen Con Online, please follow the links below. And when you get in-world, don’t forget to accept the event experience and receive / obtain the teleport HUD for direct access to the various in-world regions (there are also bicycle, horse and dragon ride rezzers available on the different levels (bikes on down town level, horses on the gaming level, dragons awaiting discovery!). You can also find out more by visiting the links below – including the in-world public Welcome Centre for the event.PERFECT PALLET PETITE
We love holiday decor, especially when it can be used year round.
WARM, RUSTIC CHARM is what we do best! Raw wood coupled with gorgeous design can personalize any space. Perfect Pallets are one of our best-selling categories! They are handmade so each one is unique.
• 2 different size options available: 6” x 6” x 1”—.Johnson & Johnson’s highly anticipated opioid ruling in Oklahoma sent shockwaves—or ripples—throughout the drug industry, depending on how one views the $572 million verdict.
From one perspective, it’s a “landmark” ruling because it’s the first time a court has found a pharmaceutical company liable for the addiction and opioid epidemic, opioid policy expert Andrew Kolodny told Axios. J&J has pledged to appeal and called the decision “flawed.”
1) An Oklahoma court just ruled that Johnson & Johnson must pay $572 million to the state for its role causing the opioid crisis. This is the first court in the country to hold a drug company responsible for causing an epidemic of opioid addiction.— Andrew Kolodny (@andrewkolodny) August 26, 2019
On the flip side, the verdict offers little insight into how a much larger set of litigation—the thousands of lawsuits against opioid drugmakers and distributors grouped in Cleveland, Ohio—will play out.
And for J&J individually, the financial hit is minimal, some analysts pointed out; with sales coming in fast enough to total $81.6 billion in 2018, it would take the company about two and a half days to cover the verdict—if it's forced to pay that much, or anything, after appeals.
J&J’s appeal will likely take years and reduce the verdict amount in the end, Morningstar analysts wrote Monday.
It's tempting to draw conclusions about the success of other claims against drugmakers based on Monday's ruling. But because Oklahoma prosecutors sued J&J alleging violations of “nuisance” law, the judge's decision there doesn't necessarily apply. Many other lawsuits allege mismarketing, corruption, and violations of consumer protection laws.
Plus, J&J marketed branded opioids, while many cases in the MDL focus on generics, SVB Leerink analyst Ami Fadia wrote.
The multidistrict litigation “could provide a more comprehensive forum for generic manufacturers to present their arguments,” Fadia wrote. In Oklahoma, Teva opted to settle for $85 million instead of fighting the state’s claims, while branded opioid maker Purdue Pharma agreed to pay $270 million.
RELATED: J&J found liable in Oklahoma opioid case and ordered to pay $572M; pledges to appeal
What Monday's verdict will do is prompt other opioid drugmakers to “think more seriously” about settling the MDL cases in Ohio, Wells Fargo analyst David Maris said in a note to investors. A global settlement could be worth more than $50 billion, he said.
And while investors may have celebrated the $572 million verdict, Maris said it's "not encouraging" for defendant companies, considering the verdict only covered one year of opioid abatement costs, for one company, in a state with a population of just 4 million. Prosecutors asked for more than $17 billion in damages.
In his Monday decision, Judge Thad Balkman wrote that after a 33-day trial featuring 42 witnesses, 874 exhibits and more, “the greater weight of evidence" showed that J&J engaged in "false and misleading marketing."
J&J's "dangerous marketing campaigns have caused exponentially increasing rates of addiction, overdose deaths” and more, the judge concluded. The conduct qualifies for violating nuisance law, he added.
J&J hit back that the judgment “disregards the company’s compliance with federal and state laws, the unique role its medicines play in the lives of the people who need them, its responsible marketing practices” and more. Its meds Duragesic and Nucynta “have accounted for less than one percent of total opioid prescriptions in Oklahoma as well as the United States.”
The judgment is a “misapplication” of nuisance law that has been rejected in other states, J&J's general counsel Michael Ullman said in a statement.
Following the J&J verdict, Teva's stock jumped about 3% after the bell, but the company's shares were trading down about 7% late Tuesday morning. Allergan's shares were up about 1% late Tuesday morning, while Endo's shares were down about 8%. Mallinckrodt's shares were down more than 13%.
RELATED: Endo strikes $10M opioid settlement with just 2 Ohio counties, and Allergan may not be far behind
As J&J gets its Oklahoma appeal underway, the company and others—plus market watchers—will shift their attention to Ohio, where a high-stakes trial in the multidistrict litigation is set for October. In Cleveland federal court, thousands of lawsuits are grouped up that claim drugmakers oversold opioid benefits for treating chronic pain and downplayed their risks, and that distributors failed to monitor suspicious orders. Together, the conduct helped create a national opioid and addiction crisis, plaintiffs say.
Already, Allergan and Endo inked small settlements with the two Ohio counties set to air their claims in the first bellwether trial. The state’s attorney general responded that those deals won’t absolve the companies of claims brought by the state.March. The highlight of the day is the Rubber Duck Regatta Race, for which only 2000 $5 duck entries will be sold. The first lucky duck to cross the finish line will win $500. Admission is just $1 per person; little peeps under 3 are free. All proceeds go to the construction of KidsTown, a child-sized, western-style railroad town designed for interactive play that will include a fire station, sheriff’s office, general store, and more.
“We are thrilled to host this fun, family event that will help fund the Kids Town,”
Adopt-a-duck tickets are available at the Lakeview Regional Medical Centers Volunteer Auxiliary Gift Shop, “The Ducks Nest;” and Kids Konnection Playground in Mandeville. Or visit or call 985-867-9490AIL: UCC brought back down to earth at home to Young Munster
Jack Kelleher, UCC, going highest to win this lineout ball from Alan Kennedy, Young Munster, during their AIL Division 1A match at the Mardyke. Picture: Dan Linehan
AFTER last week’s thrillingly open high-scoring AIL encounter away to UCD; UCC played out a much tighter, grittier game against high-flying Young Munster.
The Cookies power up front proved decisive as they now remain the only unbeaten side in Division 1A of the Energia All Ireland League.
UCC had scored five tries the prior week; including a Matthew Bowen hat-trick, but the concession of six tries meant a try bonus was their consolation from that match. This weekend; there was a big focus on defence and territory this time against a powerful Limerick outfit but in the end, they came up just short.
College were particularly ferocious around the break-down which saw them win a lot of penalties on Young Munster ball. Playing so close to the edge meant they also conceded several penalties at crucial stages. Finn Burke and Alex Kendellen were never far away from the breakdown battle while the students’ hard-tackling intent was epitomised by the centres Daniel Squires and Darragh French.
While UCC were mostly chasing the game and rarely seemed in a position to win; they will feel they at least deserved a bonus point. Squires, who kicked three solid penalties narrowly missed a tricky long-range penalty late on to get back into bonus-point territory; but he would be more disappointed with a much earlier effort inside the 22 that he completely miskicked.
UCC showed their intentions from the kick-off; as they chased a Louis Kahn box-kick and swarmed over Conor Hayes to win a penalty. Squires slotted over but this was immediately cancelled out by an Evan Cusack effort at the other end.
Try scoring chances were rare in the first half; with one notable opportunity for each side that both saw the wingers run out of space by the touch-line just metres short. The Limerick side did hold a 9-3 advantage at the break courtesy of two further Cusack penalties.
The Young Munster scrum upped a gear in the second half; as they regularly demolished the UCC pack. However; College’s stern defence was immense; regularly forcing turnovers before pressure could mount. At the other end, they managed to win some penalties again at the breakdown and Squires reduced the deficit to three points with two successful kicks.
However; the scrum pressure finally told with replacement prop Corey Hanlon yellow card for the Cork side around the 55-minute mark. Young Munster used this period to pin UCC back and finally got over the line. From a line-out close-in; Tom Goggin secured possession and his pack powered forward with Mark O’Mara touching down. Cusack added the extras to secure victory for the Limerick men.
: D Squires 3 pens.: D Squires 3 pens.
: M O’Mara try; E Cusack 4 pens, con.: M O’Mara try; E Cusack 4 pens, con..
B Kingston, C Hanlon, P McBarron, M Cogan, B Kiernan, L Kerr.B Kingston, C Hanlon, P McBarron, M Cogan, B Kiernan, L Kerr..
M Doran, C Skehan, T Goggin, B Faloon, A Maher, C Nash.M Doran, C Skehan, T Goggin, B Faloon, A Maher, C Nash.
R O’Sullivan (IRFU).R O’Sullivan (IRFU).Summer Cold Shoulder Crop Top
2 sold in last 8 hours
LM18565TO-Yellow-L
RM39.90 MYR
Ribbed cold shoulder top High neckline Slim fit Slip on style Cotton Model wears an S and is 175cm tall
Subcribe to back in stock notification
customers are viewing this product
- Ribbed cold shoulder top
- High neckline
- Slim fit
- Slip on style
- Cotton
- Model wears an S and is 175cm tallEpic 4G user agent string suggests Gingerbread is on the way?
Sponsored Links
In this article: android, Android 2.3, Android2.3, Epic, Epic 4G, Epic4g, galaxy s, GalaxyS, gingerbread, Samsung, Samsung Epic 4G, SamsungEpic4g, software update, SoftwareUpdate, SPH-D700, Sprint, uaprof, update, user agent, user agent profile, UserAgent, UserAgentProfile
Samsung's Epic 4G just recently got Froyo, but it might not be too long before the handset bites into another toothsome treat -- a user agent profile at Sprint's own website lists a newer software based on Android 2.3. We can't say definitively whether this ED12 build will actually make it to retail phones anytime soon, mind you -- our own Epic 4G is presently on EC05 right now -- but it seems very likely that Europeans won't be the only Galaxy S owners to snarf down gumdrop buttons this year.
All products recommended by Engadget are selected by our editorial team, independent of our parent company. Some of our stories include affiliate links. If you buy something through one of these links, we may earn an affiliate commission.February 17, 2014:
Dublin City Council are very supportive of cycling but only between the hours of 07:00-10:00 and 12:00-17:00, and only Monday to Saturday. The pictured cars are parked legally — but allowing parking in a cycle lane at times does not matter because nobody wants or needs to cycle on Sundays or at night, and nobody starts work or college between 10am and 11am.
The above pictured cycle lane is on the second busiest commuter cycling route into Dublin City Centre and it links the city centre with Rathmines, an area which has over 12% cycling modal share (the highest district in Dublin). It’s also just inside Dublin City’s canals, an area which the council policy claims to prioritise cycling.
Images: Irish Cycle
Location: South Richmond Street
Local body/authority: Dublin City Council
Street View: Current view shows cycle lane before it was widened
Send suggestions to hello@irishcycle.com. And make sure to view the original and UK-focused facility of the month page on Warrington Cycle Campaign’s website.
Nothing unusual about that then! These situations are commonplace. Vehicles are regularly permitted to block entire pathways in Dun Laoghaire at weekends. The car is king and everyone else is a second or even third class citizen. What’s needed is someone that actually cycles (not a hobby or sports cyclist) actually empowered to make real decisions over cycling provisions.
Oh, and please no more Dutch solutions to Irish cycling problems either, unless the Authorities intend importing a large number of Dutch drivers and a Dutch level of legal enforcement.
Typical shortsightedness.What complete fools they have just shown their complete lack of interest in the cycling comunity.
Exact same problem with the new bike lane on Westland Row.
Outside “dedicated cycling hours” it’s full of cars, vans, taxis.
Within cycling hours it’s an unofficial set-down and pick up area for Pearse Station
Oh yeah. I know Pearse Street well. Lots of people being dropped off to the School of Music too. Some people just pull in and wait for their student to get their lesson. It’s grand and handy, the cycle lane allows plenty of room for cars to pass once you keep well in to the cycle lane. Taxi’s love it too as it facilitates loitering outside Pearse Street Train Station looking for fares. The bus/cycle lane on the other side of the road is a race track for Busses, taxi’s and drivers who could care less about cyclists. County Councils, doing for cyclists what Thanksgiving has been doing for Turkeys since the foundation of the state.32ft Anti Vandal Welfare Canteen
Dimensions: 32ft x 9ft (9.6m x 2.7m) - Item No: CAB0079
Price from: £5,995
Building Specifications:
Exterior Material: Anti-Vandal Steel Profile
Internal Layout: Canteen / Welfare
Flooring Included: Vinyl (Carpeting can be added at a cost)
External Door: Strong Security Door
Manufacturer: TBC5,995
*All our prices Excl VATWe recommend taking one size up on this particular style in Concrete Jungle, Paint Canvas, and Black Blotched for best fit.
Denim.
Composition: 92% cotton 7% polyester 1% elastane.
For the long life of this easy care style, please follow the directions: cold water wash, cool dry line dry, do not dry clean.
ST1297DE000412Clinical Teaching in Dallas ISD
Dallas ISD creates a welcoming and supportive environment for clinical teachers to grow professionally and to be prepared for their teaching experience. We fulfill this mission by offering our best teachers to mentor, hosting career workshops to prepare future teachers for interviews, and providing support for clinical teachers to navigate the district.
To learn more about the program, check out our video to see what a clinical teacher's day looks like in Dallas ISD.
Ready to get started? Follow the steps below to apply for a clinical teaching placement:
Step 1: Complete the Spring 2022 Student Teaching application. CLICK HERE to apply.
Step 2: Read through the Student Teacher Guide. This guide will prepare our clinical teachers for their first day of school
Step 3: Attend the Clinical Teacher Orientation. *Applicants will receive an email invitation to participate.
Step 4: Make the most of your experience by attending our enrichment opportunities including the elementary and secondary school tours, the career workshop, the end-of-the-semester celebration and the district job fairs.
If you have questions or would like to learn more, contact the coordinator of clinical teaching, at clinicalteaching@dallasisd.org or (972) 925-4277.Kirsten C. Sharma, Psy.D., is a neuropsychologist and leading expert in evaluation and clinical intervention for children and their families. She specializes in attentional and executive functioning skills, learning differences, anxiety and behavioral difficulties. Dr. Sharma has served as a Clinical Assistant Professor and Director of the Early childhood Clinical Service at the NYU Child Study Center, at the NYU Langone Medical Center. She frequently appears in the media as an expert on best parenting practices, executive functioning skills, and child development, and has been featured on The Wall Street Journal, CNN, and NPR, among others.
Kirsten Sharma, Psy.Success! An email has been sent to with a link to confirm list signup.
Error! There was an error processing your request.
Most Popular Articles
Articles
- Bus Driver Welcomed Back To Route After Train Accident
- Police ID Bodies Found In City; Suspect In Custody
- RCPS Audit Reveals Concerns Over Money Handling
- Turkey Trot Draws Crowds After Last Year's Virtual Race
- Christmas Parade Returning To Dayton
- Hard Work, Opportunities Changed BRCC Dean's Life
- Rebekah Kuller, 33, of McGaheysville
- Front Royal Family Thankful For 9-Year-Old’s New Liver
- Harrisonburg Zoning And Subdivision Update Timeline Delayed
- Billhimer Embraces Her History At Trumbo Electric
Upcoming Events
- Nov 27
- Nov 28
- Nov 30
- Nov 30
- Dec 1
- Dec 2
- Dec 2
- Dec 3
- Dec 3After years of effort, an orange shirt commemorating the victims of Canada’s residential school system is now on permanent display in the B.C. legislature.
The framed shirt was presented at a ceremony on Oct. 27 and features a quote by residential school survivor Eddy Charlie and a design by Indigenous artist Bear Horne.
“You can’t define a moment like that with words,” Charlie said. “When I think about this ceremony, I can only think about the community and the (more than) 150,000 children who went to residential schools … I really want Canada and people all across the world to think about this.”
Charlie said the project started two years ago when he and co-founder of the Victoria chapter of Orange Shirt Day, Kristin Spray, were approached about displaying a flag designed by Horne in the legislature to honour residential school survivors. But Charlie said he did not feel there was a relationship of reconciliation strong enough for him to be OK with a flag being displayed.
He felt a shirt bearing the design – which features a bear to guide people on the right path, an eagle to help people have a vision of a bright future, the hummingbird to keep the mind, body and spirit healthy, and the flower to feed the connection of all the other elements – would be more appropriate and still facilitate a move toward reconciliation.
Having the shirt on display in the legislature’s Hall of Honour is an important step toward reconciliation, Charlie said, but it is far from the only thing needed to achieve that goal.
“It’s one small step toward healing between two different cultures and two different communities,” he said. “Having that shirt on display with my quote is incredibly powerful … every orange shirt worn by Indigenous people carries a lot of grief.”
Charlie said he hopes people who see the display go home and think about the residential schools and the impact they had on Indigenous peoples and have honest conversations about truth and reconciliation.
The fact the B.C. government is willing to display the shirt gives Charlie “faint hope” things will improve.
“I believe that tiny bit of hope can go a long way to opening up more conversation.”
Support for survivors and their families is available. Call the Indian Residential School Survivors Society at 1-800-721-0066, or.
@JSamanski
justin.samanski-langille@goldstreamgazette.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
BC legislatureIndigenousOrange Shirt DayTruth and ReconciliationAdvertisement
Toronto man facing charges following string of sexual assaults allegedly involving children
TORONTO -- A Toronto man who allegedly sexually assaulted a number of people, including children, earlier this month is facing charges and police believe there may be additional victims.
The first incident occurred between Oct.1 and Oct. 2 at a hotel in the area of Front Street West and York Street when a man entered the property and sexually assaulted a number of people, police said.
Ten days later, police said officers were called to the Toronto Island Ferry Terminal when a man who was standing by the entrance was reportedly approached by a stranger on a bicycle.
Police said that the man was sexually assaulted by the stranger.
Prasanna Mondal, 24, of Toronto, was subsequently arrested and charged with sexual assault. He would appear in a Toronto courtroom via video link on Oct. 13 and was released.
The very next day, police said that officers responded to a call for a suspicious incident at a daycare centre on Algonquin Island on Toronto Island.
At that time, police allege that a man was outside the facility as the children were being released and he sexually assaulted a “number of children.”
Mondal was arrested a second time and charged with sexual interference. He appeared in a Toronto courtroom via video link on Oct. 15.
Police also noted that Mondal advertises his service as a nanny on Canadiannanny.ca.
Investigators believe there may be other victims.
Anyone with information related to the incidents is asked to contact police or Crime Stoppers.>> Facilities. a local Maasai village.
Accommodation : Mara Leisure Camp.
Meals : Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner.
After a hearty breakfast you will depart with picnic lunch for Serengeti National Park. The vast and spectacular Serengeti is the epitome of most people’s vision of wild Africa, arriving at the beautiful Serengeti Sopa Lodge with an enroute game drive. Dinner and overnight at Serengeti Sopa : Serengeti : Serengeti Sopa Lodge.
Meals : Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner. : Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner. : Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner.
Serengeti - Serengeti Sopa Lodge or Similar
Ngorongoro - Ngorongoro Sopa Lodge or Similar
Zanzibar - Dream of Zanzibar or Similar
All complimentary drinking water is not serviced during meals in Kenya. This has to be purchased from the bar.
- The hotels offer two bottles of drinking water in the rooms on complimentary basis.
- This Safari is conducted in a Landcruiser with 7 window seats maximum.
- Our vehicles are not air conditioned as they have open tops..Coinstar gobbles up Redbox
Next Story
Your iPhone Has Died of Dysentery: Oregon Trail coming for the iPhone
Redbox, the wonderful dollar-a-day DVD rental kiosk company, is currently owned by a number of parties, including Coinstar and GetAMovie, a subsidiary of McDonalds. Coinstar, Redbox’s majority owner, announced last week that they’ll be buying up the remaining shares. No price changes are planned for normal DVDs. Although we previously reported that Redbox would rent Blu-Ray discs for $1, indications now are that Blu-Ray rentals will cost a little more.
Still, the business model is sound. Redbox claims to have 20% of the DVD rental market in some of its oldest territories, and customer satisfaction is extremely high. Redbox does one thing, and does it very, very well.
Via Zatz Not Funny.
0
SHARESPlace arts, tradition and group-engaged design as a central factor of community improvement and planning. ARC also supplies training and facilitates collaboration within a network of artist assistance organizations, including Index on Censorship (United Kingdom), ICORN (Norway), Al Mawred (Lebanon), and the Sundance Institute (United States), to strengthen every organization’s capacity to provide complete help to artists in dire want. The Basis develops and operates a variety of key initiatives instantly involving and benefitting artists, together with Arts within the Parks (bringing free arts events to over 50 parks across the town) and the Neighbourhood Arts Network (a free city-large network of over 1,900 members which fosters excellence in community-engaged artmaking).
The National Endowment for the Arts is an impartial federal agency that funds, promotes, and strengthens the creative capacity of our communities by offering all Americans with various alternatives for arts participation. Over time, ARC will work to elevate the visibility of artists in danger, searching for to mobilize an even larger breadth world arts institutions to play a more outstanding position in assisting their subject’s most susceptible. Efforts which can be extractive in nature, restricted to community input or participation and haven’t prioritized equitable outcomes for residents and traditionally marginalized communities.
The program, one of the oldest and most respected of its kind in the country, helps all artwork disciplines by offering increased entry to help from government, basis, and company entities and people, in addition to free help and steerage from NYFA’s professional employees.
Ambitious capital development is welcome, and the cultural establishments foster access and art in vital ways. Funding has been supplied by means of the Celebrate Canada program, the Native Festivals element of the Building Communities By way of Arts and Heritage program, and the Canada Arts Presentation Fund.
However there is one factor before every other, and that is effective ongoing help for artists right here, now. Our fundraising social gathering funds what we’re going to be doing for the subsequent 12 months, so it is really imperative to have that help at that time., Rehoboth Beach DE where we offer a wide range of exercise programs, activities, and people to help you accomplish your fitness goals. Our world-class gym can accommodate people of all fitness levels, whether this is your first workout or you're training for a sport or triathalon.
We are located behind Walmart in Rehoboth Mall. Turn into our parking off of Route 24.
We have Daily, weekly, 2 week, 1 month, 4 month & 6 month and affordable yearly memberships to fit Everyone.
Formerly Gold's Gym Rehoboth Beach.Best Mining Solutions For Everyone, Get a Free Quote.
Zhengzhou, China
Blogs
Need A High Quality Mining Machine For Your Project?Contact With Us
You May Also Like
If you have any problem with the payment, Please let me know. ♦ Tracking Number ♦ Tracking number will be informed by email within 2-3 work days after delivery goods. ♦ Feedback ♦ Any comments, suggestions are accepted After sales
Specification Filling mode: Linear weigher Bag size: According to selected packaging machine. Filling accuracy: ≤0.1-1% Packing speed: 10-30bags per min (Depend on material to be packed and the bag size). Packing speed is depend on material to be packed and the bag size
The belt conveyor has the transportation ability, the transmission distance is far, the structure is simple and easy to maintain, can conveniently implement the procedure control and the automatic operation. 4 the transmission is stable, there is no relative movement between the material and the conveying belt, and can avoid the damage to the conveying material. , can also be based on customer demand for other special specifications chain conveyor belt belt conveyor system exhibition Related Products contact us
We are spealized in pulp & paper equipment manufacturing in China for more than 30 years. There are about 50 paper mills near our factory and most of them are using our machines. What's your advantages9 A: We have more than 30 years experience in the field of papermaking industry
They are useful for a number of reasons as they carry waste away from the work area,promoting safty and cleanliness. We only supply high quality Chain plate scraped conveyors chip conveyor for cnc machine ,and a four-member professional team will be sincerely at your service anytime. Could you print on the products as per our requests9 Yes,we could print images or words on the products,such as your logo,brand etc,if you buy in bulk
{{#each product.specData:i}} {{name}}: {{value}} {{#i!=(product.specData.length-1)}} {{/end}} {{/each}}
{{#each product.specData:i}} {{name}}: {{value}} {{#i!=(product.specData.length-1)}} {{/end}} {{/each}}
Made from type 316 stainless steel to provide maximum hygiene and corrosion resistance, these Line Vacs are available in 1-1/2", 2", 2-1/2" and 3" flange sizes. Flanged Line Vacs convert flanged piping
Trough Screw Conveyors and Feeders are designed for medium-high temperature (MT-series) and high temperature (HT-series) applications. For this reason intermediate bearings are absent. MT / HT are manufactured from carbon
D 220, D280, D360 mm for a total of 15 versions. The motor has a power of 1.000 Watt and is located on the top of the Stainless Steel AISI 304 material hopper. Standard machines are equipped with cartridge
Compact Compressed air Pneumatic conveyor for process machines in pharmaceutical and food industry, designed to be extremely efficient and hygienic. Thanks to fully pneumatic system, it is easy to install, use and service.. Our offered products are widely applauded by the customers for their attributes like resistance against rust, seamless finishing and excellent performance. Clients can customize these products as per their specific requirements
Recent PostsAs a leading provider of SaaS LIMS software, Sapio Sciences spoke out about laboratories transforming into workflow processing centers, whether it is performing PCR, genomics, proteomics, protein engineering, medicinal chemistry, sequencing, or another experiment or test.
When a sample is received at the lab, the workflow begins and continues as one or more experiments are conducted on the sample. However, accessions don’t always end with the sample being frozen after accession.
That’s only the beginning of a much larger process that includes tracking bench protocols, tracking materials, bringing instruments together, analysing data, and delivering results. For a lab to implement its digital lab, its SaaS LIMS Software Solution must be easily configured to meet all these requirements while retaining flexibility and ease of use.
Today, most laboratories are still using spreadsheets or out-of-date software for tracking samples through these processes. There is typically no traceability, no searching capability, and no other key efficiency features like instrument automation. Consequently, lab efficiency decreases, and throughput is reduced, while proper data delivery and reporting are not provided.
In digital labs today, processes are seen as assets, and the lab should be capable of quickly configuring complex workflow arrangements, chaining them together, and then tracking the progress. It is crucial within the lab workflow to automate both the physical processing process and the laboratory management system integrating with robotics to send instructions and read results, whether they are sample quantitative or qualitative assessments.
The size of the data volume will continue to grow over time, which explains why scale is key in the future. SaaS lab information management systems should support huge amounts of data with many data points, and load them in a timely manner without causing the system to slow down.
To find out more about SaaS LIMS Management Systems or to see what software solutions Sapio Sciences has to offer laboratories general operations, then please see the following link:
Sapio Sciences LLC
Sapio Sciences LLC
sales@sapiosciences.com
+1-410-800-4620
400 East Pratt Street
Baltimore
United States
COMTEX_391274929/2764/2021-08-09T17:10:08
Disclaimer: The views, suggestions, and opinions expressed here are the sole responsibility of the experts. No Bulletin Track journalist was involved in the writing and production of this article.FOX gets into the dancing reality game with So You Think You Can Dance, which kicks off with a two-hour premiere at 8 p.m. ET. The series comes to us from American Idol‘s producers, and thus follows its model. FOX says “the nation’s best dancers will be pitted against each other in a grueling 12-week competition to become American’s hottest, freshest and most famous new dancer.” The 50 dancers will be guided by five choreographers.
Also tonight, ABC Family debuts a show about Venus and Serena Williams that offers a look “into their private lives.” But Venus & Serena: For Real is not what we’ve come to expect from celeb reality shows.
As The New York Daily News’ David Hinckley writes, there are “No selfish, profane celebrity brats here. No pseudo-stars whose primary motivation seems to be amusing either themselves or the camera. This is the anti-Osbournes, six weeks in the life of people who are sane, tempered and rational.”
In other words: bo-ring. Hinckley says as much: “The issue for the TV is that what makes for an admirable life doesn’t always make scintillating television.”
The show debuts at 10 p.m. ET.
So You Think You Can Dance [FOX]tr1 Posted March 29, 2011 Share Posted March 29, 2011 [Also posted by Hap in Bubba News] By GREG BISHOP Shortly before N.F.L. players traded playbooks for picket signs in 1982, Joe Gibbs, coach of the Washington Redskins, called right tackle George Starke at home. According to Starke, Gibbs urged him to reconsider. If captains like Starke went on strike, Gibbs reasoned, so would teammates. “That’s right, Joe,” Starke said he replied. “We’re all going out together. And we’ll all come back in together, too.” Thus was born the Redskins’ work-stoppage strategy, a model, perhaps, for current players adrift in labor strife. Locked out of team facilities, they must train for the foreseeable future without any team-related supervision. Teams that stick together, the retired Redskins say, will gain an advantage come next season, if there is one. In the two previous N.F.L. work stoppages, those Redskins remained unified, held their own practices and stuck to blueprints provided by their coaches before each strike. Strengthened by that solidarity, the Redskins won the Super Bowl after the 1982 and 1987 seasons, and not, they believe, by accident. “Football players, even though they’re unionized, they’re also independent contractors,” Starke said. “You have to hold all those agendas together for a single agenda. I’m proud the Redskins always hung tough. It’s difficult.” Two decades later, the modern-day N.F.L. consumes far more of the calendar. Under normal circumstances, some teams would already have started their conditioning programs. Minicamps would begin in May. Players must complete such team activities on their own, but most, if not all teams, prepared them ahead of time for what to do during the lockout, said Charley Casserly, a former Redskins general manager and current television analyst. Compared with previous work stoppages, a firm lockout date loomed over last season, giving teams ample time to plan. “In talking to teams, and I couldn’t give you which, it’s clear that some are following the Redskins’ strategy,” he said. “Before the deadline, you could do anything you wanted with the players. You could meet with them. You could give them playbooks, give them outlines for the off-season. It’s the same stuff we could do back then.” The Redskins held two common denominators during the strikes in 1982 and 1987: a strong core of veterans and Gibbs as the coach. Casserly said Gibbs preached the same theme in both instances: forget the rhetoric, and concentrate on football and preparation.. As they captured Super Bowl XVII, the Redskins often looked back on these practices as the impetus. When players went on strike for 24 days in ’87, Coleman said Redskins veterans knew “what worked before would work again.” Again, they were prepared. The former offensive tackle and current ESPN analyst Mark May said recently on “NFL Live” that the Redskins moved their training room, everything from hot tubs to treadmills to weights, into a warehouse so players had equipment if not supervision. May said there was a place to watch game tape and added, while showing off his championship ring: “We just would find any way we could to win. It’s not the Golden Rule. It’s the man with the gold that makes the rules.” Not a single Redskin crossed the picket lines. Todd Bowles, a safety then and now an assistant with Miami, listened daily to impassioned arguments, but never considered crossing. No one did. The N.F.L. used replacement players that season. “It was tough seeing people practice in your jersey,” Bowles said. “I was picketing, getting donuts. There was arguing, a lot of bickering. It wasn’t smooth. But we stayed together.” While stars on other teams like Dallas crossed the picket lines, the Redskins watched their stand-ins from local bars. In the final game with the replacements, the Redskins played the Cowboys on Monday night. More than 20 Cowboys had crossed by then, and yet the Redskins ragtag collection of nobodies beat them anyway to improve to 4-1. Because no Redskins crossed, they trusted each other more upon return, and there were no “scabs” or “traitors” in the locker room. “Watching the Cowboys game, inside a little bit, you’re saying, that’s what they deserve,” said Coleman, now the coach at the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff. “The nation watched the Cowboys get embarrassed by a bunch of no-names.” The Redskins seized Super Bowl XXII at the conclusion of that season. “Did our approach have some bearing on us winning?” Bowles said. “Yes. I believe it did.” Starke said most N.F.L. teams would enact, or had enacted, a similar strategy during the current labor strife. He said players from that era now worked as assistants across the league. They saw how the Redskins’ approach worked. The Redskins’ strike rosters were filled with veterans, including Mark Murphy, whom Cooke once called a communist but who later became the president of the Green Bay Packers. Teams with similar leadership could thrive amid labor uncertainty, Casserly said, like New Orleans, or New England. Teams with new coaches, new coordinators or young quarterbacks, or those installing new systems, will be hurt most by the lockout. Then there is history, which lends optimism to one particular team. “Maybe this work stoppage will benefit the Redskins,” Starke said, laughing. Fullback Tony Richardson labeled the Redskins’ earlier strategy “smart,” but said he was not aware of anything similar with the Jets, his employer last season. As an executive committee member of the dissolved players’ union, Richardson said he attempted to keep teammates informed of bargaining issues. Some Jets, like quarterback Mark Sanchez and cornerback Darrelle Revis, have talked about hosting teammates in informal workout settings. But those have not been set up yet. One potential pitfall, Richardson said, is liability for organizers because of insurance issues. The goal will remain the same, though: stay together, Richardson said. “We have preliminary off-season schedules to follow,” he added. “Those are more important for younger players, or teams with new systems. As many games as we’ve played the last two years, rest might not be a bad thing.” The basic principles have not changed: stay together, either by position group, or at outside training facilities; maintain conditioning and contact. But current players also face challenges those Redskins did not, like how dispersed they are each off-season. They also cannot share the Redskins’ urgency, at least not yet, because the strikes occurred during the season. Bowles said he left his players alone during their off-season, and thus gave them no instructions for the lockout. He “hopes” they work out together on their own. Casserly said: “You’re at a disadvantage if you didn’t do anything when you could to prepare players for the period you can’t be with them. I’d be surprised if there are teams that didn’t do that.” Link to comment Share on other sites More sharing options...
Recommended Posts
Archived
This topic is now archived and is closed to further replies.There are 11 days to Christmas, time for Congress to do the end-of-session roll in which proposals that grew cobwebs for months and months are now heading through the chambers at breakneck speed.
Tales from the Trail
Obama 2.0 still a work in progress
A reboot of President Barack Obama’s White House, dubbed “Obama 2.0″ in a New York Times magazine article, is still showing the hourglass.
Will Obama pick a CEO to replace Summers?
Who could possibly replace Larry Summers as director of the White House National Economic Council?
Washington Extra – Painful choices
When it comes to framing economic policy, it looks increasingly as though Republicans are winning the debate. Not only have they made “stimulus” almost a dirty word but there seems to be a growing feeling that deficit-financed spending is not a great way to pull the economy out of a recession.
Forget the conclusions of the bipartisan Congressional Budget Office about how the bailouts and stimulus of 2008 and 2009 saved millions of jobs. Forget the global consensus around the need for coordinated stimulus after the financial crisis. The American public is simply not convinced.
Washington.
Driving Mr. Summers on financial regulation reform, G20
Larry Summers, a top economic adviser to President Barack Obama, is a realist when he says “people are imperfect and we have not seen the last misjudgment.””.
Is the recession over? Obama’s advisers differ
Is the economic recession over in the United States? It depends on who you ask, even among President Barack Obama’s advisers.Callasandra: Fractured by Stephanie Douglas
In Callasandra Fractured, the action and suspense of this dystopian thriller are intertwined with the beauty of music. Music is used to convey hidden messages as well as to provide cover for characters sharing secrets and important information. Readers can hear the music along with the characters by scanning QR codes placed throughout the story. Stephanie Douglas worked with musicians from all over the world to create this immersive, one-of-a-kind, cinematic reading experience.
The story is about a teenage, while doing everything she can to survive.Alabama Motorcycle Practice Test
Alabama Motorcycle Online Practice Test
List Price:
$19.95
Our Price:
$14.95
You Save:
$5.00 (25%)
The.
In Stock - Delivered Immediately Online
Item is available online for you to access immediately after checkout.Create loyal customers with YouTube.
How do YouTube ads work?
Youtube ads work like most other social media platforms. Through carefully crafting engaging content, you are then able to target your ideal demographic based on their habits, interests, age, gender, profession, remarketing lists, and even their recent Google searches.
We make sure to pour everything into creating the perfect content to entice your audience to make sure they can’t help but click through. In a world where ads are frequently skipped – this is beyond important.
Just about every age group, income level, and demographic use Youtube. In recent years, Youtube has toppled competition off the top of the SERPs, meaning that users often see Youtube videos at the top of their search results. Imagine if your ad was seen by all of these users.
Youtube users spend an average of 11 minutes a day on the platform, and 500 hours of video are uploaded every single minute. It’s also the second-largest search engine – after Google.
What do YouTube ads look like?
Youtube ads are generally video, which makes sense considering the foundation of the platform. These can be a variety of still images, slides, or high quality motion picture level video.
It’s important not to be intimidated by the use of video – there are plenty of ways to create engaging, eye opening, and beautiful content without having to hire a professional camera crew. Our in-house team of creatives excel when it comes to creating video for Youtube ads – no matter what you have for us to work with.
Where can YouTube ads appear?
There are various options for the type of Youtube ads that businesses can run. These include…
Trueview Ads
These are the ads you see right before your video starts, and they’re skippable at between 3 and 5 seconds. This is one of the more common ad types you’re likely to have seen.
Bumper Ads
Think quick and to the point. Bumper ads appear before your video and are only 6 seconds long. This is your chance to shine with content that stands out.
In-Stream Ads
These are the same format as TrueView ads, but they appear partway through your video. You’ll want to make sure that this approach is for warm users, as many people find this format to be disruptive.
Display Ads
These are similar to display ads anywhere else on the web, and they appear to the right of the video and above suggested videos.
Overlay Ads
These stealthy ads are semi-transparent and are displayed in the lower portion of the video.Experience Cullendore High Country.
Located high in the mountains of the Great Dividing Range, our secluded mountain retreat is a genuine bush camping getaway for those nature-lovers interested in bushwalking, mountainbiking, fishing, photography and interactions with our prolific wildlife.
Caravans, camper trailers, tents and motorhomes are all welcome (2WD and 4WD).
Ahh, the seren.
About our campgrounds
For 20 years, Floreria Primavera has been decorating parties and making exquisite flower arrangements and crafts. We sale natural or artificial flowers, arts & craft decoration for events. We also decorate parties of all kinds such as: Weddings, Quinceneras, Sweet Sixteens, Baby Showers, Baptisms and more. We specialize on holiday crafts as well for Valentines day, Mothers Day, Graduations and Christmas.Right and Wrong: Eric Hosmer 2021 Fantasy Outlook
Eric Hosmer is who he is… or is he? David Mendelson looks at changes Hosmer made in 2020 and wonders if he’s undervalued heading into 2021.
Eric Hosmer is who he is… or is he? David Mendelson looks at changes Hosmer made in 2020 and wonders if he’s undervalued heading into 2021.
We thought we knew who Kevin Gausman was. 2020 changed some things. David Mendelson looks at what we can expect from Gausman in 2021.
Dinelson Lamet has Cy Young stuff, but injuries cloud the picture. David Mendelson looks at whether Lamet can maintain gains he made in 2020.
Ian Happ has long been an enigma in fantasy baseball. Can we take his 60-game 2020 breakout seriously? What’s in store for 2021?
Keston Hiura has had his moments but hasn’t quite lived up to the prospect hype. David Mendelson wonders if that could happen in 2021.
Luis Castillo has established himself as one of MLB’s upper-tier starting pitchers. David Mendelson wonders if Castillo has another gear.
David Mendelson takes a look at what went right for Zack Wheeler in 2020, what went wrong, and his 2021 outlook for fantasy.
2020 was a mixed bag for Rhys Hoskins. David Mendelson tries to make sense of the contrasting numbers and figure out what’s to come in 2021.
2020 was an ugly year for Patrick Corbin. David Mendelson tries to figure out what went wrong and if Corbin can right the ship in 2021.
Last chance to take advantage of David Mendelson’s MLB DFS Quick Hits for the 2020 MLB season. Get in on the green while you can!Submitted by Pete Kofod of Casey Research
Insights Into Cultural Shifts From A Visit To A Hardware Store
“So this is what it looks like when a society is starting to collapse,” the man standing behind the counter at the hardware store said matter-of-factly. The remark had been directed at no one in particular, but generally at anyone standing nearby. As I was among that audience, I looked at him inquisitively, eliciting in return a look indicating that his observation should be intuitively obvious to even the casual observer.
“We should not be this busy,” he continued. “People are normally out Christmas shopping for the latest tech gadgets for their kids, but instead they are spending their hard-earned money here.” I had to agree with his observation, because the place was packed, and it was obvious that his inventory was disappearing from the glass showcases and from the wall behind the counter quicker than the store could replenish it.
“We have manufacturers that aren’t taking any more orders. We even have a manufacturer that has shut down production and furloughed the entire workforce. I guess when we run out, we run out.” He excused himself and joined his staff to help restock the shelves as well as operate the register.
As I surveyed the store, I noticed no discernible demographic pattern among the customers. They included elderly ladies, young couples, construction workers, police officers and hipster techies as well as people from virtually every ethnic and socio-economic background. They would have made the perfect tapestry for a politician’s campaign stop.
“So this is what it looks like when a society starts to collapse,” I reflected on what the man behind the counter had said. As melodramatic as his words were, they would be understood by any student of human history.
But it raised questions in my mind: “Does social decline precede economic decline? Does the decay of social graces, the protocols that define civilized interaction, the written and unwritten laws of the land, precipitate the ruin of a nation, or is it the other way around? Is it a vicious cycle where one feeds the other, and if so, can the destructive feedback loop be reversed?”
Based on what I observed in the store, I’m inclined to believe that people are concerned about social collapse, in whatever form that may take. Publications such as The Casey Report implore its readership to hedge against inflation (as well as deflation) by dividing their portfolio into balanced thirds spread across asset classes and political jurisdictions, but what does the erosion of a fiat currency really mean?
I would suggest that very much depends on where you live. In more resilient communities, in which economic actors all create value, the impact may in fact be little more than a moderate nuisance. Various South American countries have shown that, despite their governments’ penchant for destroying the nation’s currency at predictable intervals, life can go on. As a result, while people in those countries know that things can periodically get tougher, they also have become resolved to soldiering through the hardships, knowing that the latest challenging period will pass.
By contrast, with their advanced – and leveraged – economies and large urban centers that are highly dependent on government subsidies as well as consumer supply chains that are extended, the social impact of a fiat currency collapse in the US and Europe could be far more profound.
Such an event would likely be even further exacerbated, and significantly so, by the absence of such experiences to most Western nations in recent memory. In the United States, a small but emerging subculture known as “preppers” focus their resources and attention on developing personal resiliency in response to the perceived deterioration of both financial and social infrastructure. While the theories and actions of “preppers” range from the sublime to the ridiculous, it is undeniable that the financial, social and logistical fabric of the United States has been stretched very thin.
This tenuous position in turn manifests itself as a palpable level of stress readily observed in many people. There is no longer a sense that “everything will be OK.” In conversations with people, I get the sense that people feel very uncertain about the future, and not in a hopeful way. They see their prospects as having limited upside with virtually unlimited downward risk. There is a prevailing belief that this is as good as it is going to be for a long time. It is this subsurface tension that was palpable among shoppers in the hardware store.
You see, the hardware store I was in was a gun store. What on earth would compel me to visit a gun store so close to the horrible tragedy in Connecticut? As some readers know, firearms played a significant role in my former professional life in the military. The truth is I wanted to get a sense for what’s actually going on in the gun industry, as opposed to the manufactured “reality” presented by the mainstream media.
Having returned from serving a customer, the owner of the gun store continued his observations.
“It’s different this time. The last time, with the Clinton gun ban, people knew that it would be temporary. The economy was good and people didn’t really care. This time… well, it’s different.” He then elaborated on the reason that one manufacturer had shut down its fabrication facility: Apparently it was unwilling to be stuck with inventory that at a stroke of a pen will become contraband.
In reply to my follow-on question as to what he meant when he said society was starting to collapse, he answered, “People talk about debt, a recession that won’t go away and how we are on track to bankrupting the country. This is all true. But they are all part of a bigger problem.”
“What problem is that?” I asked.
“Respect,” he said, with just a hint of bitterness. “Treating people with disrespect has become a way of doing business, a way of life. When a culture ceases to demand respect for life or livelihood, anything and everything is fair game.”
At this point another gentleman joined the conversation, adding, “You know, these tragedies are a politician’s best friend. It allows them to take the public’s eye off issues like financial woes and cutbacks in benefits.”
In my view, the spectacle in the gun store, which apparently has played out nationwide, is a clear indication that people are doing the equivalent of “shorting” social stability. This is clearly concerning, because the extent to which we can plan our future is directly related to the faith we can reasonably place in social stability..
As for the logistics of controlling access to firearms, I suspect that in short order, it will prove to be an academic point anyway, perhaps even more futile than the War on Drugs.
The relevant agents include: crypto currency, open-source hardware, 3D printing, and Dark Net exchanges like The Silk Road.
On the topic of technical limitations to keeping guns out of the hands of the citizenry, let me direct your attention to the following article on a gunsmith who “printed” a gun. Is it a good thing or a bad thing? I don’t know, but I do know that it is inevitable. The first group that will make a go at it will likely be people who are legally prohibited from owning firearms, yet their livelihood depends on access to weapons; in other words, members of criminal organizations. Shortly behind them will be technically gifted people who, one can only hope, are imbued with decency and respect for human life.
jarexpol Posted October 15 Report Share Posted October 15 W momencie robienia screen-ów uruchomiony firefox z jednym oknem. RAM 4 GB na poziomie 97. Quote Link to comment Share on other sites More sharing options...
Recommended Posts
Join the conversation
You can post now and register later. If you have an account, sign in now to post with your account.Report Outline
U.S. Nuclear Export Policy
Changes in Control Strategy
Special Focus
U.S. Nuclear Export Policy
After a rocky beginning, President Carter's campaign to limit the further proliferation of nuclear weapons appears to be gaining support at home and abroad. Since taking office Carter has been trying to persuade other nations to follow America's lead by stopping — or at least reducing — the export of nuclear power technology that can be used for military purposes. What concerns the President is not the sale of nuclear reactors themselves. The danger lies in the ability of more countries to enrich uranium and reprocess used reactor fuel. It is in these stages of the nuclear fuel cycle that weapons-grade nuclear material — plutonium or highly enriched uranium — is produced.
“The benefits of nuclear power are … very real and practical,” Carter said in a policy statement issued on April 7, 1977. “But a serious risk accompanies worldwide use of nuclear power — the risk that components of the nuclear power process will be turned to providing atomic weapons.” Carter said that the United States would “defer indefinitely the commercial reprocessing and recycling of plutonium” and would instead accelerate research “into alternative fuel cycles which do not involve direct access to materials usable in nuclear weapons.”
Deferral of plutonium reprocessing and recycling also was recommended last year by the Nuclear Energy Policy Study Group — a 21-member committee set up by the Ford Foundation and the Mitre Corporation of McLean, Va. In its final report, the committee said that a decision by the United States to proceed with these technologies “would probably ensure worldwide movement to incorporate plutonium in the fuel cycle.” In the committee's view, the proliferation of nuclear weapons capability “is the most serious risk associated with nuclear power.”
Subject
Provide Feedback
Suggest a topic here.
Take our survey to help us improve CQ Researcher!Year in review 2011 – Bring on 2012
2012 is closing in, in fact, I guess it’s actually 2012 somewhere on the globe already.
So, we would like to take this moment to sum upp 2011, and wish everybody a Happy New Year! I wanted to personally thank everybody for the continued support for
It’s been a great year, we covered both Citrix Synergy Events, Citrix User Group Norway and a couple of other events as well.
In 2011, had 418 news, support articles. Now that might not sound much, but it’s actually 1,14 articles a day!
We are not a soccer team, so we are not going to rate this as you rate a strikers goal pr match, but that’s pretty good.
On another note here are the 5 most viewed articles of 2011:
- Installing and Configuring Citrix XenApp 6.5
- How to install and configure Citrix XenApp 6.5 Tutorial video
- How to configure Single Sign-On for Remote Desktop Services
- How to Upgrade Citrix XenClient Synchronizer 1.0 to Service Pack 1
- An overview of virtual appliances for Citrix XenServer
- Antivirus Guidelines for Citrix XenDesktop
These are a selection, there are articles that hare more viewed, but these are the once that matter for the community.
Our videos have been more popluar than ever in 2011, and they will continue to roll out in 2012 as well. is also shifting it’s design in the first quarter of 2012! And will have some new killer functionality that we think you will love!
So, see you all in 2012, and again thanks for the support!From: Tomasz Luchowski <zuntum@netbsd.org> Subject: Re: Why does gnumeric depend on xscreensaver-gnome? Date: Tue, 25 Sep 2001 10:27:26 +0200 >. Yes, it looks like gal's pkgsrc and pkgsrc/mk were out of sync. After a cvs update of pkgsrc/mk, gal installed with no problems. Thanks for the advice.Dolby Laboratories, Inc. (NYSE: DLB) today announced at CinemaExpo 2008 a licensing program for digital cinema server manufacturers to allow their digital cinema servers to support Dolby® 3D Digital Cinema playback. XDC became the first manufacturer to receive approval to license Dolby 3D Digital Cinema technology for its CineStore Solo G3 server line.
As part of its deep commitment to digital cinema interoperability, the Dolby 3D licensing program will enable exhibitors who have servers manufactured by licensees of this program to integrate Dolby 3D into their existing server platforms. “As excitement grows for digital 3D, we wanted to make it easy for exhibitors around the world to adopt Dolby 3D and offer their patrons an enhanced cinema going experience,” said John Carey, Vice President Marketing, Cinema, Dolby Laboratories. “We are committed to providing interoperability in our digital cinema products to give exhibitors a choice in suppliers.”
The Dolby 3D playback compatibility licensing program delivers solutions designed to ease interoperability among digital cinema manufacturers. Since Dolby 3D uses dual-channel, real-time color correction technology within the playback server, studios are not required to perform any 3D vendor-specific preprocessing. To ensure optimal Dolby 3D quality, Dolby strictly defines the technical requirements and evaluates the playback systems.
“This licensing deal for Dolby 3D is a major step for the digital cinema industry. Indeed, our current exhibitor clients already equipped with the XDC CineStore® Solo G3, and all the other exhibitors deploying digital screens and selecting our server because of its assets, will now be able to install Dolby 3D Digital Cinema technology,” said Thierry Van der Kaa, General Product Manager at XDC. “Exhibitors will then have the opportunity to project 2D and 3D shows using their regular white screen and without any ‘ghost-busting’ effect.”
The Dolby 3D Digital Cinema playback compatibility licensing program is open to digital cinema server manufacturers capable of meeting Dolby’s performance requirements and approval processes. Approvals are granted upon rigorous testing of the integration and accuracy of Dolby 3D color correction algorithms. Exhibitors looking to implement 3D with a Dolby 3D licensed playback server will also need a Dolby 3D compatible projector or a retrofit kit for existing projectors that includes an easily installed full-spectrum color filter wheel.
About Dolby 3D Digital Cinema great.Frequently Asked Questions
Some Frequently Asked Questions about transportation to your non-emergency medical appointments
How does this work?
A driver will pick you up at your home, deliver you to your appointment and deliver you back to your home.
Can I take an escort?
Yes you may take an escort, but remember the patient has priority and if the van is full the escort will not be allowed on board unless the escort is for medical purposes.
I live on Quadra Island. Do you pick me up at my home?
No. You will have to get to the Vancouver Island side ferry terminal. This applies to all islands that are serviced by Wheels for Wellness.
How much notice is required?
The more notice the better, but we can operate on short emergency notice (eg. pickup from hospital or short notice appointments) 48 hours is generally good.
Do you take service dogs?
Yes, but we require notice of the requirement to provide and adequately equipped vehicle.
Will you pick me up in Courtenay and take me to Campbell River?
Yes.
Do you go to Vancouver?
Yes, to the Children’s hospital only.
What is a reasonable donation?
When you make a donation, that donation is to the Wheels for Wellness Society therefore any amount is a reasonable one. Receipts for income tax purposes will be issued for any donation of $20.00 or more.
What is the prefered way of making a donation?
Any method of delivery is fine. We prefer cheques as they leave a paper trail that is best for our audit team.The final installment of this season’s Pirate Logs sees the boys pitch up in Riks once again for some late-season awesome. Some bangers in this.
This last PirateLog of the “BottomLine” season is all about Riksgränsen. Every year the crew drive all the way up north to get the last back country shots for our main movie. Watch Arthur Longo, Kalle Ohlson, Chris Sörman and Markku Koski get it done.(Washington)?”
#1 by Universe Number Five on February 24, 2012 - 8:28 AM
Jay Carney, Polka God!!!
#2 by Keith Spillett on February 25, 2012 - 7:09 PM
Fastest feet this side of Warsaw.
#3 by Universe Number Five on February 24, 2012 - 8:31 AM
I am going to print this out and post it on the bulletin board in my office. Outstanding, man! Outstanding! *one man ovation*
#4 by Keith Spillett on February 25, 2012 - 7:09 PM
Honored to be up there! I hope I don’t get you fired.
#5 by reaperstoker on February 24, 2012 - 10:54 AM
Brilliant, Shared this on
#6 by Keith Spillett on February 25, 2012 - 7:08 PM
Thanks!
#7 by victoriagrimalkin on February 24, 2012 - 7:21 PM
I take comfort in knowing nothing.
#8 by Keith Spillett on February 24, 2012 - 7:26 PM
Well said. I am starting to realize I don’t even know that.
#9 by John Erickson on February 24, 2012 - 7:29 PM
Wait. “ALMOST all of us are condemned to mortality”? ALMOST? Alright, who the heck snitched? I TOLD them not to let my immorality become public knowledge! Now how can I reach that wondrous plateau of total immorality?
Wait. What?
Im-mor-TAL-ity? As in not MORTAL, not IMMORAL?
Oh, dang it. Never mind……
#10 by Keith Spillett on February 25, 2012 - 7:08 PM
I know a guy who is 657 years old. You and he would get along famously.
#11 by johncerickson on February 25, 2012 - 7:27 PM
I don’t know, he sounds a bit young for me. 😉
#12 by Jim Wheeler on February 25, 2012 - 6:26 PM
An excellent post, Keith. I do believe you have captured the mood of the country. Searching for a one word summation I have settled on “ennui”.
I read a book by a historian once that made a lot of sense. His thesis was that war and good economies go hand in hand. War encourages full employment and everybody cooperates out of patriotism, or at least that’s the way it worked for WWI, WWII and even the Cold War. The problem these days is that “war” has changed. People don’t feel directly involved anymore and the military is all-volunteer, virtually mercenaries.
Once the goal was to get the American Dream, but that was a mirage. It turned out to be a Walmart Super Center.
#13 by Keith Spillett on February 25, 2012 - 7:07 PM
That’s a heck of a good point. There is a level of advanced detachment that we seem to be smack in the middle of here in 2012. McLuhan gussied the idea up for communications majors and called it “Narcissius Narcosis”. We are both entirely connected and completely paralyzed. War is certainly no exception to that and, in fact, a perfect example. We are simultaneously in Afghanistan and completely removed from it, all at once.
Hopefully, one day we can all live in a Super Center. Together. In separate rooms.
#14 by maninreno on February 26, 2012 - 7:58 PM
In that last paragraph is “…accordion to President Barrack Obama…” supposed to be “…according to…”?
#15 by Keith Spillett on February 27, 2012 - 7:02 AM
I used accordion instead of according each time. Seemed like it fit better.
#16 by maninreno on February 29, 2012 - 9:12 AM
I didn’t even catch that…because I am a doorknob.
#17 by Universe Number Five on April 22, 2013 - 9:39 AM
“and nearly one hundred percent of Americans are doomed to the terms of mortality.”
Still as true today as it was 14 months ago…
#18 by Keith Spillett on April 22, 2013 - 9:48 AM
It was 99 percent back then, but I exaggerated. Now, all hope is lost.Howdy, sweets, and Happy Thanksgiving! As is Cobina’s custom over these many years, she is gonna give away her turkeys to the bright and best, and dimmest and worst of our fair city. Many people wanna git in on this list every year and are disappointed if they ain’t. So, in the interest of brevity – Iyam the guru of same – we will begin.
Mayor Nancy Rossi – Our fearless leader gits a turkey with all the trimmings and few additions. Foist, she is gonna git a list o’ things the Municipal Accountability Review Board (MARB) has told her to do, and haven’t been fulfilled. It seems the members are reaching the end of their tether. Also, can we git an explanation as to why we spent money on a marching band?? That did beat all.
Finance Director Frank Cieplinski – He’s gonna git a bird with a fireproof poncho. Somethin’ tells me a lotta the fire that’s gonna come the city’s concerning the recent scandals are gonna be put at his doorstep. We’ve seen these things before.
City Council Chairman Ron Quagliani – His bird is gonna come with a pair o’ slippers on the drumsticks. He’s might as well be comfortable for the online calls, meetings in Hartford, and possible visits from the feds over the next few months. This ain’t gonna end soon.
The City Council – The fowls for these folks are gonna come with a barn door – the one that should’ve been closed before they passed a resolution saying all CARES money expenditures should go through the legislative body.
City Clerk Pat Horvath – Mizz Horvath’s bird is gonna come with headache powder, she’s gonna have more than a few opportunities to need it over the next few days or weeks what with questions of absentees and chain of custody.
Democratic Town Chairman Mike Last – His turkey is gonna come with a shield. The slings and arrows that the other divisions in the party are gonna start tossing will be coming at a fierce rate. He’ll need some protection.
Republican Town Chairman Dave Riccio – His bird is gonna come with a shovel. He’s gonna hafta clean up mightily effen the party can build on the turnout of Nov. 2. Some people wanna go back to being a biennial door mat. It’s comfortable.
Former Republican Town Chairmen – Their birds will come with sour grapes and door mats. See above. The letter they sent was about as ad hominem as they come and beneath the dignity o’ people who held setch positions – or should have been.
Former GOP Candidate Michele Gregorio – Her bird comes with a hot, sweet sauce. Hot cuz she still has the fire to speak her mind, and sweet, cuz she’s gone on to bigger and better things outside the bubble that is city politics.
GOP Candidate Barry Lee Cohen – His turkey comes with whatever will keep up the chutzpah, some very tart turnips, maybe. Like him or hate him, people like a politico that speaks his mind and stays away from the clichés. Some in the party don’t like that…and their being nice worked over the last 30 years?
Attorney Vin Marino – See Horvath.
State Rep. Dorinda Borer – Her bird comes with jest a few of the photos she finds herself in over the course of a year. Somehow, she gets in everything….
Superintendent of Schools Neil Cavallaro – His bird comes with a suggestion, and Italian-style stuffing. He likes that. Maybe McDonough Plaza, the place where the old main entrance was, could be expanded to include from the fence at Circle Street all the way to Educational Way. Remember, it was named after a guy who was instrumental in the “new” high school in the 1960s, and was supposed to have a school named after him…that never happened.
Board of Education Jack of All Trades Ken Carney – His bird comes with an added drumstick to represent all the different projecks going on in the schools and elsewhere. The list seems to be growin’.
Third District Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro Greenberg – Her bird is tinted purple to match that awful hair dye she’s been usin’. Let’s hope by this time next year ole Rosa is a “retiring” member of Congress and that Red Wave hits the New Haven area. Rosa’s never met a tax she didn’t like.
Current occupant of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue – His turkey comes with a clue writ in big letters so he can see it. Also, a list of decisions he’s made to make us in the economic straits we’re in. Yeah, he got 81 million votes….
Gov. Ned Lamont – His bird comes with a pair of scissors. It’s time he cuts loose from the pandemic mentality and gets the state back to complete normality. Like many in his shoes, he likes the power. The General Assembly should take back its rightful control.
Democratic Candidate for the 116 District Trenee McGee – Her bird comes with advice: Lose the “intersectionality” and ID politics if you want to attract votes from everyone. Also, “equity” means equal results or outcomes. That depends on individuals, which makes it impossible, due to one’s decisions. “Equality” means equal access, which is what we all want. The Dems have a problem with those two words…deliberately…don’t be one o’ them.
All-around Good Guy Patrick Morrissey – Your turkey comes will all the fixin’s for you and your family. Didn’t forgit this time, Patrick. Hope you and yours have a great holiday!
Former GOP Councilman, businessman and now man of leisure Ed Granfield – His turkey comes with a big ladle so he can keep stirring the pot for local politicos, who really hate it.
The Members of the City’s Planning Dept. – They all git a turkey with a copy of the story that announced the Enterprise Zone over by the West River. That was almost a year ago. Wha’ happened since? Not much I’ll wager.
Retired Real Estate Man and Carousel Committee Chairman Mike Mercuriano – His turkey comes with a miniature merry-go-round. Anything happening on that front?
The Haven Group – The group’s individual turkeys will come with an updated plan of what the blazes is going on down there. Talk about a group that plays it close to the vest, nobody knows what or when things are really gonna git underway. Right now it looks like a quarry.
Gripe Vine Columnist Eleanore Turkington – El’s turkey comes with no gripes, no complaints and will melt in the mouth. She deserves a break after a year of dealing with big and small pet peeves from the general public.
City PR guru Mike Walsh – His turkey comes with a green visor and old Underwood portable. Mike does a bang-up job with accentuating the positive in this burg. He gits a side o’ mulled wine.
Voice Historian Dan Shine – His bird will come with a list of all the people who bought his centennial book. After years of toiling hard with his column, he’s getting the recognition he deserves.
UFO Cartoonist Tom Aschenbach –His turkey comes with sweet breads and a dessert of pumpkin pie. He does a great job with his cartoon – though Cobina don’t really understand it – but people like it, and that’s what counts.
Voice Ad Director Alan Olenick – His turkey comes with about four or five different hats, cuz that’s the number of some of the things he’s got a hand into over the course of a week. Cobina can’t keep up.
To all our readers – The best for Thanksgiving Day, and the hope for a great holiday season!
Mitt luff und kizzez,The LightTouch Heavy Duty Stapler from Slimline offers greater ease-of-use than most heavy duty staplers, handling 20 - 120 sheets of 20 lb paper with a single unique staple while using 30% less stapling effort. You won't have to change staples for different size jobs! Features include: one-button front-loading cartridge and an easy jam-clearing knob; versatile adjustment guide offers more precise horizontal and vertical alignments; exceptionally durable all metal construction. Uses LightTouch Heavy Duty Staples only. 5 year limited warranty.As soon as they respond an excessive amount of difficulties and the allergies, or typically anytime you imagine because if there’re being tougher, then that you must to your health practitioner to affirm your entire medication dosage is greatest how the most effective remedy needs might be. Moreover, increase in emphasis on sterile medical provides is expected to boost the expansion of the market in North America through the forecast period. But as with so many issues in life there are proper and flawed methods to do that that would lead to both male and feminine hair loss, necessitating a visit to the local hair loss treatment clinic. Think about two issues when brushing: Don’t pull your hair out with too-vigorous tugging, and ensure the pure oils are gently distributed all through. The pharmacist was sort of like, “I don’t know why they bumped it up. This manner, you don’t must rely on your own eyes and the seller to tell you what may have to be mounted or changed should you purchase the house. Patients affected with coronavirus have to be placed on ventilators in the most severe stages of remedy. Considering that a large quantity of individuals from numerous elements of India move to Mumbai seeking jobs, there is a continuing want for residential buildings.
The rental values in Mumbai are anticipated to extend with the passing time; thus it’s will definitely be a smart resolution to make financial investments in the real estate market in Mumbai.A considerable admiration in the property costs has been experienced in the true property in Mumbai, attracting an enormous number of investors, not simply from India, but moreover from completely different elements of the globe. The multinational enterprise have established their base in areas like South and Central Mumbai. The passage of pc programming and programming frameworks like SaaS (Software as a Service) has extraordinarily aided the overall procedure of patient info and restorative practice information administration. The entry of pc software program and software systems like SaaS (Software as a Service) has vastly assisted in the general strategy of patient data and medical observe information administration. Here at Inland Family Practice Center LLC., men can discover an environment friendly and friendly environment. To be clear, women and men with androgenetic alopecia – the sample baldness that affects nearly all of males and a few women over the age of 40 – are the very best candidates for LLLT. There are several explanation why individuals, men and women alike, lose their hair.
There are numerous nations which might be investing a fortune in developing their medical facilities. A few of the highest gamers working in the worldwide ache management gadgets market are Bio-Medical Analysis (BMR) Ltd., Halyard Health, Stryker Corp, Baxter International Inc., and Boston Scientific Corp. Ltd., Midwest Sterilization Corporation, Andersen Caledonia, Sterilization Providers, Steri-Tek, Cantel Medical Corp., Steris plc., WuXi AppTec, Avantti Medi Clear, and Viant. The liver produces bile to digest meals. Choledochal cysts will be intrahepatic, the place it occurs within the bile duct contained in the liver, or could be extrahepatic (outside the liver). Other exams which might be carried out on the residing donor are Ultrasound, X-ray and Electrocardiogram. Portion control is crucial side of not overeating regardless of the recipe.
The remaining liver gets regenerated in the donor while the transplanted liver portion grows into an entire liver within the recipient. The liver is divided into various segments. Male and feminine sample baldness being the commonest, the medical and beauty industries have provide you with a number of solutions that embody the invasive (finasteride treatment and hair transplant surgical procedure), the much less invasive (monoxidil topical hair loss therapy) and the non-invasive therapies (low-degree laser hair therapy). Whether liver transplantation should be executed within the affected person is decided by the transplant surgeons. The rising demand for better management applied sciences among affected person populations world over is a key factor driving the pain management gadgets market. Integrated programs (EMR and PMS) are dearer in comparison to standalone providers. That is the widest it has been in more than two decades. The group additionally said that it is a big trigger of mortality throughout the globe.In response to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), 5% to 10% of hospitalized patients contract hospital-acquired infection, while 1.6 million to 3.Eight million infections reported in lengthy-time period care services every year.Abstract
This paper presents a nonlinear mixing model for hyperspectral image unmixing. The proposed model assumes that the pixel reflectances are post-nonlinear functions of unknown pure spectral components (referred to as endmembers) contaminated by an additive white Gaussian noise. The nonlinear effects affecting endmembers are approximated by polynomial functions leading to a polynomial post-nonlinear mixing model. A Bayesian strategy is used to estimate the parameters of this model yielding an unsupervised nonlinear unmixing algorithm. Due to the large number of parameters to be estimated, an efficient constrained HamiltonianMarkov chain Monte Carlo method is developed to sample according to the posterior of the Bayesian model. The performance of the resulting unmixing strategy is evaluated on synthetic data.
Publication series
Conference
Keywords
- Hamiltonian Monte Carlo
- Hyperspectral imagery
- post-nonlinear model
- spectral unmixing
ASJC Scopus subject areas
- Signal Processing
- Electrical and Electronic EngineeringI completely whiffed on Lou Brock’s passing, even when I began last week’s post by citing all the notable baseball departures from our world that I’d left uneulogized. It’s not as though 2020 has lacked distraction, either at the public or the personal level; so I’m not going to tender an abject apology. Yet I have to say that… well, Lou’s mortality shocked me in much the same way that my own did this past summer. The evidence is pretty conclusive now that my prostate cancer is hereditary. That explains why my always-fastidious diet and my quasi-religious commitment to regular exercise were no defense. Still, Lou Brock… I haven’t researched his cause of death, but if ever anyone might have been predicted to live a century… sigh. As old Seneca wrote, Nemo contigit impune nasci—which means, in liberal translation, that everybody has to die of something.
One thing I recall reading about Lou that I’ve never forgotten was that he numbered among the three ballplayers ever to power a homerun over the center-field fence at the Polo Grounds. Picture Willie Mays running off into that infinite real estate to grab Vic Wertz’s drive over his shoulder… and then picture Brock hitting one that cleared all that grass and then cleared the wall. Lou had tremendous power. He could have been a homerun king had he not identified his gifts properly and determined that he would be of more use to his team as a get-on-base, take-an-extra-base kind of player. The deep hitch with which he loaded his barrel created momentum at the stick’s end which didn’t require Killebrew-esque muscles to impart pop; and a less-than-all-out lowering of barrel into ball would also allow split-second adjustments to pitches that would spray them hither and yon around the park. In an era when homerun fever was already epidemic in the Majors (ruining the careers of a lot of young black players, by the way, who’d figured out that they needed to hit like Frank Robinson rather than Bob Boyd to stick around), Lou was a throwback. His patented stroke, his running game, and his mental approach have all long struck me as belonging to the Twenties or the Thirties rather than the Sixties. Coming from my keyboard, that is supreme adulation.
The one other footnote I feel compelled to add about Brock is that the ultimate base thief was himself robbed in the critical final game 1968 World Series. Lou, I’m sure, had been planning it earlier during the seven-game face-off: he would take a ridiculously long lead that forced a throw-over, then beat first-baseman Norm Cash’s peg to second. He did so in the late innings of Game Seven off Mickey Lolich… only the umpire missed the call. The preserved TV broadcast of the game offers a slow-motion replay of the action around second base. Brock clearly beats the throw. Harry Caray and his partner in the booth let an awkward, suspicious silence surround the replay. In those days, broadcasters would never have questioned an umpire’s call—not on national television, and seldom on a local broadcast. Yet the replay’s evidence is unequivocal. Lou had done something that the second-base arbiter had never seen before. If the pitcher surprises you by throwing over just as you leave in a sprint, and if the first-sacker delivers his relay on target, you’re supposed to be out. It’s unimaginable that you wouldn’t be out. The umpire called the play he saw in his mind rather than the one he saw with his eyes.
Lou could do that to you: he could make you think you hadn’t seen what you just saw.
I’m going to devote the second half of this post to what may seem a complete shift of subject… but I think it could be taken as part of my farewell to Lou. As Antoine de Saint-Exupéry wrote about poets a few months before he went missing during the final month of the West’s great war against fascism, good poets need bad poets; for the unsuccessful struggle, undertaken by many, to create beautiful poetry generates an atmosphere in which the poetic genius of a few is appreciated.
George McQuinn was one of those many not-so-great poets. He was an above-average poet-in-cleats, and sometimes a pretty darn good one. I came to know of him while watching highlights of the 1944 World Series—the only fall classic in which the hapless St. Louis Browns ever competed (and which they lost, of course, to the Cardinals). I grew curious about the lanky six-footer with the sweet inside-out swing who led all Series participants in hits. That drew me into the pages of a story which turns out to be a wide-open mystery, and whose resolution nobody with my meager resources will ever figure out.
McQuinn’s curtailed rookie adventure in 1936 didn’t set the world on fire, but had interest. Though batting only .201 in 146 plate appearances, George logged four doubles and three triples among his 27 safeties. Then, for four years, he took off. In 1938, he batted .324 and smacked 42 doubles. (Henry Aaron topped 40 only once in his 23-year career.) McQuinn followed up with .316, .279, and .297 seasons, with the total of two-baggers registering 37, 39, and 28. His triples reached double digits in two of these three golden years; and his homeruns, by the way, rang up respectable numbers at 20, 16, and 18. For three out of George’s first four full seasons—1938 through 1941—his On Base Percentage flirted with .400: .384, .383, .343, and .388. He was an All Star for the two middle seasons, and again in 1942. After the 1939 campaign, he ranked thirteenth in the MVP balloting.
And the numbers for All Star season of 1942, just before which I’ve drawn my dividing line, remained… well, okay. Maybe the fans didn’t have much to choose from, since so many regulars were in uniform—in Uncle Sam’s uniform—by that time. Yet the great mystery about George McQuinn strikes me as precisely that he fell off so steeply during those war years when the competition was light. In 1943, he batted a mere .243 and struck only 33 extra-base hits of any kind; while in 1944, with a handful more of AB’s, those figures were .250 and 40. The OBP lingered in the mid-300’s, because he had learned to draw more walks (or was being walked more by weaker pitching), with a career-high in free passes (85) occurring in 1944. Still, there were no Brian Kenneys alerting the public that a walk’s as good as a hit during the Forties.
With the Yankees rather than the St. Louis Browns in 1947, McQuinn staged an impressive comeback: .304, a mere 40 extra-base hits again, but a career-best .395 OBP. The following season, his at-bats almost cut in half, George nevertheless came within two of his previous year’s homerun total (11 and 13) but fell off over fifty points in both average and OBP. Thus ends the career of one George McQuinn.
When I scribbled a book titled Key to a Cold City several years ago—a somewhat whimsical study of black ballplayers of the Fifties, undertaken on the suspicion that Jackie R. hadn’t really exploded the color barrier—I got used to looking at careers like George’s. Of course, McQuinn was Caucasian… and therein lies the rub. You think you see evidence of great promise being cheated by reduced playing time or undue pressure off the field—but maybe you don’t. Maybe, like the umpire who wrongly called Lou out at second, you’re only seeing figments of the imagination. What makes a career like McQuinn’s go south? Injury? Divorce? Dissension with management or ownership? Mere overreach—trying to be what you’re not? Vada Pinson and Curt Flood, for instance, were two speed-merchants who declined to take Brock’s path and chased after power numbers instead of stolen bases… to the detriment of their overall offensive productivity. But then, as I noted above, there was a lot of pressure on young black stars of that day to secure their place by whacking round-trippers.
What was George’s excuse? Can anyone like me—anyone without a press pass or other golden bough that would win him admittance to locker rooms—ever know? What ever happened to Jim Gentile after a couple of phenomenal seasons? I only lately learned that Tom Tresh, like Tommy Davis, fell off the track to superstardom thanks to injury.
Lou Brock made it big in a profession where lots and lots of guys almost make it big, or make it big for a couple of years… maybe five or six. And the reason that Pinson or Flood or Davis—or, for that matter, George McQuinn—is not Lou Brock may not really have much to do with Lou’s inherent superiority. Baseball isn’t necessarily the ultimate meritocracy, as it has been called. It’s also a poetic riddle whose imponderable answers are gathered together, in a kind of surrender, under the word “luck”. A few very gifted and hard-working boys grow up to be Sweet Lou. Many others grow up to be Pete Reeser, and wear themselves out running into walls.
Part of the glory of guys like Lou is that the sun shone fondly upon them throughout their day. They knew that, too. It inspired that speechless humility that you saw in them when they stood up to deliver a few words in Cooperstown. The rest of us may try to make them irresistible demigods, always in full control of their own fate… but I think they all must know that something very special happened in their lives—something unresponsive to their personal direction. Such is the grand mystery of success and failure, all bound up into human reality. And because many have failed—because most fail somewhere along the journey—a very few are left standing for all of us to admire.
Cooperstown is for everyone who ever tried. I think Lou would like us to understand that.Character & Identity
The Class is a film that explores identity from a variety of perspectives. Amongst the two easily identifiable character groups – students and teachers – a multitude of sub-groups are established. Identity can be defined by the groups which individuals belong to: their school, class or profession; their nationality, ethnicity or religion; sporting allegiances, dress code, gender – the list goes on. Identity is constructed in the film through action and interaction, with the early scenes enabling the audience to recognise the key players and their roles. As this is an improvised drama, characterisation is partly drawn from life but at the same time, all the actors are playing ‘versions’ of themselves.
General questions
- How are different identities asserted and acknowledged– in this film? In educational establishments in the UK and abroad? In society at large?
- How important do you consider the expression of individual identity, and to what extent is this possible or desirable within an educational context, where the emphasis is often on conformity?
- To what extent are groups with similar interests (such as the student body, or the teaching staff) united or divided by significant events – within the context of the film, or within the compass of your own experience?- Product Detail
- How To Use
- Ingredients
- Shipping & Delivery
- Reviews
30ml Rainforest Blemish Rescue Serum. Suitable for Oily and Combination skin.
This natural yet powerful skin treatment from Evolve Beauty can be used on blemish prone and congested skin at any age as well as oily and combination skin to decrease sebum production and blemishes, leaving skin clearer and helping to protect skin from future breakouts.
Apply gently on clean skin morning and
Beautiful scent and lovely ingredients :)
I love this serum.I feel like it has helped my skin get over a really bad patch I was going through with all the mask wearing these days. My skin feel amazing and refreshed after using
I've been using the Rainforest Rescue Serum for a number of weeks. I apply it before bed to clean skin and let it work overnight. This product feels cool and calming when you apply it, very nice. In the morning my skin looks clearer than it usually does and it feels refreshed too. I like this product for making me feel like I'm treating my skin with something special.How can you run multiple virtual machines on different subnets on a Hyper-V server if you don’t have a System Center Virtual Machine Manager? Let’s say you have different subnets for Management, DMZ, LAN and you need to configure the VMs on the right subnet.
First, your network administrator needs to create the VLANs and configure a trunk port on the physical switch and then you need to connect the physical NICs from the Hyper-V server to the trunk port.
Now you have two options to set the VLAN ID for the virtual machine NIC, one is using Powershell and the other one using the Hyper-V GUI.
The fastest way is to use the Powershell command: Set-VMNetworkAdapterVlan -VMName myvm -Access -VLANId 100 .
Using the GUI you have to go on the VM settings, then select network adapter and enable virtual LAN identification.
Hope that this helps!
Be First to CommentIndian casino near anacortes wa
Indian casino near anacortes wa
Every click on that you just make can get you a good-looking amount of 200 satoshis, indian casino near anacortes wa.
Free slot machines games online to play
Bitcoin taps are usually web sites or cellular apps that permit you to earn free bitcoin or a variety of cryptocurrency in exchange for doing simple tasks, indian casino near anacortes wa.
Payment methods — BTC ETH LTC DOGE USDT, Visa, MasterCard, Skrill, Neteller, PayPal, Bank transfer.
Today’s Results:
DJ Wild — 315.7 usdt
Aeronauts — 365 eth
Hot Gems — 274.7 btc
Photo Safari — 499.1 ltc
Gold Rush — 150.3 eth
Pharaos Riches Golden Nights — 160.9 bch
Wild West — 600.1 eth
Chicago Nights — 489.8 btc
Aztec Secrets — 606.4 ltc
Hula Girl — 465.5 btc
Tiger and Dragon — 361.7 usdt
Under the Bed — 434.7 dog
Lucky Mahjong Box — 454.1 usdt
Fear the Zombies — 5.5 bch
The Smart Rabbit — 483.1 dog
Slot machine sphinx download android, hamilton beach long slot keep warm toaster
Pronto te daras cuenta de que no todas las faucets ofrecen ni la misma cantidad de satoshis ni los reparten en los mismos intervalos de tiempo. Dependiendo de la oferta que encuentres podras disfrutar de las recompensas en periodos que varian desde 15 minutos, 30 minutos o incluso una hora. El minimo para retirar la recompensa, indian casino near anacortes wa. Normalmente las faucets establecen minimos para poder retirar la recompensa. With Bitcoin Aliens, you can yield round 4300 satoshis per hour, indian casino near anacortes wa.
You get a 50% lifetime referral commission in case your referral is energetic for one hundred days, free slot machines games online to play. Poker night at the inventory how to get items fast
Slot sphinx gioca gratis. The sections director involved with white-colored condo touch policy web sites is not. Thanks to the fact released onto 2016-06-06 21:39:04 this sphinx 2 slot apk presently sphinx slot 3. 0 mod apk download android ios sphinx. Ninja marshmallow forum — member profile > profile page. User: slot machine sphinx download android, slot machine goliath borderlands 2, title: new member. Youtube music ad-free and background play for up to 6 household members. Scegli le slot machine con jackpot dell’offerta sisal. It: gioca gratis e divertiti online. Rulli a cascata; vincite bidirezionali; bonus game; free spin; megaways. Download big win slot machine : sphinx slots apk 1. Come join the fun in big win slot machine : sphinx slot. House of fun offers 100+ free casino slots. You can play all the games for free right now, straight from your browser, no need to wait for a download. Join the sphinx, tour the pyramids and walk like an egyptian, with great games such as. Uncle stock forum — member profile > profile page. User: sphinx slot download android, sphinx slot machine free download, title: new member, about: sphinx. The captivating game of strategy gets a fiery makeover in this dynamic version of mahjongg featuring opulent graphics. You’ll have fun making two-of-a-kind. Slot machine sphinx wild was built by igt on its spielo platform. Like all of the egyptian themed games, sphinx wild slot game also takes you on an exploration. What games are available at bitcoin casinos, sphinx slot machine free download. Casino and betting 4624 casino games 20 cryptos supported 22bet review,. The free to play ones aren’t horrible, but they’re not great either. Download on google play! loading video
It is totally free of cost crypto faucet that distributes Litecoin cryptocurrency every hour at the forex change price at the time of circulation and allows customers to earn free Litecoin each 5 minutes, slot machine sphinx download android. It permits you to claim lots of free cash in minutes and likewise it makes use of CoinPot for instant cost of your earnings. Everyone wants to earn some free satoshis or bitcoin and Bitcoin faucet is the best way to do it. In my evaluate, I truly have shared all of the related particulars about Bitcoin faucet on your clear understanding. Parx casino tuesday night fights In this fashion, you earn free bitcoins without spending cash on it, indian casino 18 year olds
. The web site releases satoshis each 5 minutes. If your earning is lower than that, then you have to work more so you’ll be able to eventually withdraw your earnings, indian casino concerts southern california
. If you visit BTC Clicks, you possibly can earn up to 0. So: * Your faucet page will seem in the Faucet List, indian casino near antioch ca
. BTW use Per page head plugin for distinctive favicons. In general, the commission run between 40% to 80%, according to their website, indian casino eagle pass texas
. However, you need to earn zero. You earn free, however in return, generate clicks and traffic for related websites corresponding to a model new crypto trade, Bitcoin ATM, Bitcoin slots, or Bitcoin casino, indian casino gambling age california
. The original Bitcoin faucet was created for consciousness and training. Highest Paying Bitcoin Faucet, indian casino east of san diego
. We will help you discover one of the best bitcoin faucet right now, so you’ll be able to simply save Satoshi for your cryptocurrency funding. Faucets Reviews zero Apr 28, 2021 ??NEW btcdoubler. HYIPs Forum zero Apr 28, 2021, indian casino eagle pass texas
. You just have to attach your faucet account with a supported pockets CoinPot. Faucets supporting these wallets provide immediate payouts, indian casino near corona ca
. You can claim from our faucet every single day and accumulate bitcoin in your balance after which ship it to your Bitcoin pockets. See the PTC advertisements of our advertisers and earn btc, you also earn bitcoin for each ad that your referrals see, indian casino near buffalo ny
. You may marvel why a number of websites use bitcoin faucets. The reply is simple ‘ to earn a revenue, indian casino near casa grande az
.
Popular Slots:
Bspin.io Casino Fortune Tree
CryptoWild Casino Double Cash
mBit Casino Temple of Fortune
Bitcoin Penguin Casino Chibeasties
BitStarz Casino Faeries Fortune
OneHash World Soccer Slot
Diamond Reels Casino Funky Fruits
22Bet Casino Taco Brothers Saving Christmas
Diamond Reels Casino Little Monsters
BitcoinCasino.us In Jazz
BetChain Casino Stunning Hot
CryptoWild Casino Extra Cash
1xBit Casino Lucky Mahjong Box
Bitcoin Penguin Casino Hot Twenty
Bitcasino.io Mona Lisa Jewels
Sphinx aussie slots — free slot machine game for kindle fire. Sphinx 2 slot 1. 1 mod apk download android ios. Thanks to the fact released onto 2016-06-06 21:39:04 this sphinx 2 slot apk presently sphinx slot 3. 0 mod apk download android ios sphinx. What games are available at bitcoin casinos, sphinx slot machine free download. Casino and betting 4624 casino games 20 cryptos supported 22bet review,. The game isn’t as big on features as some in the casino, yoyo casino mobile and download app the gambling equivalent of narcotics anonymous
Indian casino near anacortes wa, free slot machines games online to play
Best Legit & Free Bitcoin (BTC) Faucets with Instant Payout, indian casino near anacortes wa. List of free Bitcoin faucet prompt. Anacortes, wa: samish tribal press, 1979. , and john a. A guide to the indian tribes of the pacific northwestDec 29 2020 12:55 AM
Hi everyone, I hope I'm engaging correctly as I'm normally a follower not a poster on here! Does anyone know if there is a way, or if there are any plans, to hide specific posts, unfollow, or mute conversations? Other social media platforms have similar things and it would be useful to be able to teach an algorithm what I want to see and what I don't. For example, I really want to see people complaining about IT issues so I can provide support, and I'm really not interested in people discussing the football (which they are mostly doing appropriately in the social groups!). I feel like my feed is cluttered with a lot of the social stuff which can be nice, but is frustrating when I'm trying to get an overview of something different. I assume it's because there are more likes and responses to social posts than to the corporate ones!
Dec 29 2020 11:50 AM
Dec 29 2020 11:50 AM
@kay-fsa There are few things you can do as an end-user and there are some things your admins can do.
If the items are in your Yammer inbox (e.g. an Announcement in a community you're a member of, or a thread where you commented) you can click Stop Following to avoid further notifications in the Inbox.
In terms of the Yammer feed, if you're seeing posts from Communities you're a member of but don't want to see - then consider leaving the community.
There's an Admin feature where you can Mute the community in the Yammer Feed. This means that posts from that community won't be shown in the Yammer feed for users - unless they are members of the community. For example, as an Admin I might want to mute the Cat Video community.
There are roadmap features to allow end-users to control their feed with more granularity.!.
DXC-D50 allows softer detail correction to be applied in facial areas while maintaining sharpness of the other parts of the picture. This item doesn’t belong on this page. Be the x50ws to review this item. The use of a digital three-line comb filtering results in a great reduction of the d5ws color and dot crawl normally seen on picture monitors fed a composite signal.
This is the price excluding shipping and handling fees a seller has provided at which the same item, or one that is nearly identical to it, is being offered for sale or has been offered for sale in the recent past.
See all 10 pre-owned listings. Additional Product Features Waterproof. No ratings or reviews yet.
Sony DXC-D50WS 3 CCD & Studio
Trending Price New. Additionally, the files may be transmitted through dsc computer via email attachment and share them with cameras at remote locations. The ADC is a bit design that ensures the captured images are processed with greater precision and less rounding off errors than bit or lesser processors.
You may also like. Bundles that include this product.
Sony DXC-D50 Camcorder – Gray
The function is accessed through the menu system. Save on Camcorders Trending price is based on prices over last 90 days. What does this price mean?
The color range for the skin tone detail and skin detail level can be selected manually using the menu system. This function provides more natural color reproduction all throughout the scene. The operator can quickly select the function with the Area-Detector cursor in the viewfinder.
You may also like. The item may have some signs of cosmetic wear, but is fully operational and functions as intended. Sony Gray Professional Camcorders. A matte black finish completes the professional look of the camcorder.
See details for description of any imperfections. Time and date information can be overlaid on the video image in legal deposition work, security jobs dxv anytime this information is significant.
Show More Show Less.
File operation Using Memory Stick Memory Cards You may store and recall setup parameters for individual scenes or camera setup preferences.
The backlit switch panel of the Sony DXC-D50 ensures you get a clear view of the switches during low light conditions. See all 7 pre-owned listings. Sony Handycam Gray Camcorders.
Sony DXC-D50WSH Camcorder | eBay
Reviews 0 Write a review. Minor wear and tear from usage. See any errors on this page? Knee Saturation works in bright conditions to reduce a washed-out effect in color saturation and hue. Be the first to write a review. The lowest-priced item that has been used or worn previously.
Sony Gray Hi8 Camcorders. Skip to main vxc. Clear-Scan Scan Matching Function The Clear Scan function allows the professional shooter ddc shoot scenes with monitors and televisions with no rolling or thick raster-bar images.CHARLESTON, W.Va. — Those owed money by Freedom Industries had their opportunity to question Freedom President Gary Southern and other company executives in U.S. Bankruptcy Court on Tuesday.
The hearing was the latest for Freedom as part of its reorganization under Chapter 11 bankruptcy, though company officials have acknowledged Freedom’s days are numbered.
The company filed for the bankruptcy protection eight days after Jan. 9 chemical leak at its Elk River facility that contaminated the tap water from West Virginia American Water running into 100,000 homes and businesses in parts of nine West Virginia counties.
“This has been an extremely traumatic experience for everyone,” said Southern, following Tuesday’s hearing outside of the Charleston Federal Courthouse.
“We’re absolutely committed to the people of West Virginia as far as remediation goes.”
As part of an agreement with the state Department of Environmental Protection, work to dismantle the Freedom Industries’ site where the leak happened must begin by next month.
Use a Facebook account to add a comment, subject to Facebook's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.Tonight’s WWE NXT episode will air on a slight tape delay from the WWE Performance Center in Orlando.
Tonight’s main event will see Timothy Thatcher take on Matt Riddle in a Cage Fight with WWE Hall of Famer Kurt Angle as the special referee. There will also be tag team action with Rhea Ripley and Io Shirai vs. NXT Women’s Champion Charlotte Flair and a mystery partner. In other in-ring action planned for tonight, there will be a Group A Triple Threat to determine who faces El Hijo del Fantasma in the finals of the tournament to crown an Interim Cruiserweight Champion with Drake Maverick vs. Jake Atlas vs. Kushida. NXT will also feature a segment with NXT Champion Adam Cole having a live negotiation with NXT General Manager William Regal over The Velveteen Dream.
WWE is focusing on the following points for tonight’s show:
* Rhea Ripley will team with Io Shirai to face Charlotte Flair and a partner of her choice
* Kurt Angle to referee Cage Fight between Matt Riddle and Timothy Thatcher
* Adam Cole to have live negotiation with William Regal regarding The Velveteen Dream
Stay tuned for updates on tonight’s NXT episode and be sure to join us for live coverage at 8pm ET.
Follow Marc on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Send any news, tips or corrections to us by clicking here.HR Generalist
Issue Date: November 3, 2021
Company: Brown Machine Group
Location: Beaverton, MI
Title: HR Generalist
Department: Administration
Reports To: HR Director
Job Classification: Exempt
Position Scope
Brown Machine Group has a HR Generalist position located in Beaverton, MI. The Human Resource Generalist will run the daily functions of the Human Resource (HR) department including assisting in the hiring and interviewing of staff, administering pay, benefits, and leave, and enforcing company policies and practices. Assists with developing and implementing HR strategies and initiatives aligned with the overall business strategy.
Duties/Responsibilities
- General Duties: Develops strong relationships with employees and other stakeholders by being accessible and demonstrating excellent communication skills; Create, participate in, and maintain employee committees as needed; Maintains accurate and complete employee files, and relevant HR systems; Accurately process bi-weekly payroll event; Reviews, tracks, and documents compliance with mandatory and optional job requirements; Handles employment-related inquiries from internal and external stakeholders, and collaboration on complex and/or sensitive matters with appropriate staff; Participates in employee disciplinary meetings, terminations, and investigations; Maintains compliance with federal, state, and local employment laws and regulations; Assist with updating job descriptions and conducting classification audits to ensure that jobs are properly classified; Ensures compliance with data privacy regulations and best practices; Assists HR leadership with staffing, recruiting, and departmental budgets
- Recruiting, Training & Development: Collaborates with departmental managers to understand skills and competencies required; Facilitates implementation of training, development, recruiting, and other related initiatives; Recruits, interviews, and facilitates the hiring of qualified job applicants for open positions; Conducts or acquires background checks and employee eligibility verifications; Implements new hire orientation
- Compensation, Benefit and Policy Administration: Maintains knowledge of trends, best practices, regulatory changes, and new technologies in human resources, talent management, and employment law; Assist with performance, benefit, and compensation review and evaluation processes; Participate in annual benefit enrollment process; Champion employee recognition programs; Reviews and updates policies and practices to maintain compliance and best practice; Assist in designing, implementing, and maintaining appropriate automated HR system for greater efficiency
Education/Required Qualifications
- Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources, or related field required
- At least five years of relevant human resource experience
- SHRM-CP a plus
Other Attributes
-.As we have reported, the newest 5G towers could cause havoc with aviation, with the signals interfering with aircraft’s emergency procedures.
It’s dire enough that the FAA has issued a warning to airlines and pilots in the US, despite the FCC seemingly believing that the towers are safe.
Now, AT&T and Verizon, two of the biggest carriers in America, have agreed to delay the launch of their new 5G towers for a month to “understand the FAA’s asserted co-existence concerns”, as AT&T put it in a brief statement.
“It is critical that these discussions be informed by the science and the data”, the carrier added.
FAA Administrator Steve Dickson said: “We will figure this out so that 5G and aviation safety can co-exist.”
The FAA issued guidance that aircraft operators “should be prepared for the possibility that interference from 5G transmitters and other technology could cause certain safety equipment to malfunction, requiring them to take mitigating action that could affect flight operations.”
Australia’s Civil Aviation Safety Authority has issued a watch-order to pilots over similar concerns
“With the rapid expansion of mobile telecommunication networks, the frequency spectrum directly adjacent to and below the RA band has been identified as compatible with both existing and emerging 5G technology,” the watch order reads.In a first-of-its-kind investigation into fatal police pursuits between 1999 and 2015, USA Today has discovered that African-Americans are almost three times as likely to die in police chases than anyone else. This includes both suspects fleeing law enforcement and innocent bystanders caught in the chaos.
The groundbreaking report, which examined the federal records for roughly 5,300 fatal pursuits since the government began tracking the races of victims killed in car wrecks, highlighted another aspect of racial bias in America’s policing that has remained largely ignored.
The investigation revealed that the racial variation among those killed in high-speed police chases almost exactly mirrors the racial disparity in fatal police shootings. This is especially telling since African-Americans comprise just 13 percent of the U.S. population, yet account for 28 percent of those killed in police pursuits where the race of the victim was known.
- Blacks have been disproportionately killed in police pursuits every year since 1999. On average, 90 Black people died each year in police chases, nearly double what would be expected based on their percentage of the population.
- Deadly pursuits of Black motorists.
“This is not giving someone a traffic ticket,” said Jack McDevitt, director of Northeastern University’s Institute on Race and Justice. “This is people dying. The cost of having small disparities is huge because you’re ending up with loss of life.”
The USA Today report comes amid heightened racial tensions surrounding a string of fatal police shootings of African-Americans over the past years. Heated protests have erupted in cities like Ferguson, Missouri, Baltimore and Charlotte, with many angered and dissatisfied over law enforcement’s unfair, and oftentimes lethal, treatment of Black Americans.
Eleven of the nation’s leading researchers on race and policing who weighed in on the USA Todayanalysis argued that the report’s findings required additional scrutiny to determine if and how much of a role racial bias played in the deadly police activity.
Some police officials have asserted that racial bias doesn’t influence an officer’s decision to pursue a suspect. Rather, they attributed the disparity in fatal pursuit accidents to police spending more time patrolling high-crime neighborhoods.
“It’s a provocative difference,” said Jeffrey Grogger, a University of Chicago professor who conducted the first study of traffic stops in daylight and darkness. “The pattern is really striking.”
Moreover, the report revealed that for every 100,000 African-Americans in the U.S., four were killed in police chases in the years between 1999 and 2015. For every 100,000 people who aren’t Black, 1.5 were killed, USA Today reported.
Though the report didn’t show that officers outwardly considered a suspect’s race when contemplating whether or not to pursue them, it did suggest that the suspect’s race could influence how police react to said suspect.
Delores Jones-Brown, director of the John Jay College Center on Race, Crime and Justice, echoed the study’s findings, stating, “Even when people think they’re not using race in decision-making in law enforcement, there is this way we as humans see people — particularly black people — as criminal or potentially criminal.”Third party Reddit apps for iOS, Android, etc. (such as Reddit is Fun, Reddit Sync, Relay for Reddit, Joey, Bacon Reader, Boost, Narwhal, Apollo, Slide, Antenna, Beam, etc.) are unable to access this and have to rely on the gross link users to a separate webpage Reddit where they have to sign in solution if users want to vote and be able to see the results of a poll
Polltab is a free poll creator to create real-time polls. You can create text polls, image polls, and video polls with our easy to use poll form and subscribe to one of thousands of communities. ×. This post is locked. You won't be able to comment. •. •. •. Poll: U.S. image abroad rebounds sharply with Biden in office Auto Crosspost ( axios.com) submitted 6 minutes ago by WeakTower
Reddit also recently added native image uploading so that you can upload images directly to Reddit. For GIFs/MP4s people use Gfycat and, like with Imgur, will make a link post to the URL of what they uploaded. When making a link post to an image Reddit will automatically create a thumbnail and preview image (also known as expando) for you. /u.. Templates for our free poll maker. You can start from scratch or edit a template. Stick to multiple choice or picture choice questions or your poll becomes a survey. When you're done, you can embed your poll or share a link to your typeform on Twitter, Facebook, and your other social media platforms Boost for Reddit. Price: Free / Up to $10.00 Boost for reddit isn't as popular as other Reddit apps. The people who use it seem to really enjoy it, though. It has a ton of features, including.
This wikiHow teaches you how to create a Discord poll on an iPhone or iPad using a poll channel, free polling website, or by installing Poll Bot. Open Discord. It's the white game controller icon with a blue or purple background. You'll.. Reddit's front page has become one of the most widely watched places on the Web. Here's how to up your chances of getting that adorable cat picture you've been sitting on for six months in front. See trending images, wallpapers, gifs and ideas on Bing everyday
. The True Percentage Of ALL Reddit Users Who Believe Musk Will Successfully Land On Mars In The Next 5 This problem has been solved! See the answer. Show transcribed image text Create a poll in seconds. No.1 rated online poll maker. Unlimited responses, live reporting and no signup or coding require Straw Poll. 1. New entry. 2. 3. huh? IP Duplication Checking Browser Cookie Duplication Checking No Duplication Checking. Allow multiple poll answers. Improve spam prevention info Spice up your Discord experience with our diverse range of Reddit Discord bots. Spice up your Discord experience with our diverse range of Reddit Discord bots. Discord Bots - Music Bots for Discord Try not to laugh Fun Commands, Simple Economy System, Image Generation with Dank Memes, Addictive Guessing Games & much more. Economy, Meme
Poll: Nearly Half Support Kim want to go to battle. A pedestrian in Tokyo watches a monitor showing an image of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un in a news program after a North Korean missile. UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson. Getty. A newly released survey found just 35% of British people supporting Brexit, with 57% wanting to rejoin the European Union. The nearly 60% of people who told.
Poll Suggests Patriots' Tom Brady Took Image Hit From NFL Deflate-Gate The public's view of him may have dimmed, but a brand expert says that may not last. Deflate-Gate Behind Them, Patriots Ready. It's Time To Decide Which 2010s Trends Were Actually The Worst. From shutter shades to man buns to scrunchies, it's been quite a journey. by Ajani Bazile Months of bad news has battered Tesla's image with customers, poll finds Are attitudes about the world's favorite electric car maker starting to change? Jonathan M. Gitlin - Apr 26, 2018 3:39 pm UT
Poll Everywhere applications; Troubleshoot; Premium features; Enterprise; Beta features; Guides; Services. Events Learning & Development K-12 Higher-ed International Enterprise Online meetings. Desktop apps. PowerPoint Keynote Google Slides Slack. Mobile apps. iOS Android. Support Around 7% of people who bought viral stocks invested between $1,001 and $5,000 and 8% invested over $5,000. This drove up the average investment to $8,533. All in, 28% of Americans say they bought. Post and schedule Submissions to Reddit
Karlie723 seconded that emotion. I am happy for Sharon and Mark in real life. But I do not want to see Sharon with Adam on screen ever again, she tweeted. COVID restrictions should not be a reason to put Shadam together when history-wise, Sharon should want nothing further to do with him. It's lazy, she added The public image of the United States has dropped internationally under the administration of President Donald Trump—and many see China as a rising power, according to a leading poll agency. The.
Lifehacker is the ultimate authority on optimizing every aspect of your life. Do everything better Poll Results Next How old were you when you learned to swim? 27%. Younger than 5. 49%. 6 to 10. 9%. 11 to 17. 2%. 18 or older. 13%. Still haven't learned. Total responses: 97,517 votes. Previous. New poll shows drop in support for Scottish independence. Submitted April 24, 2017 at 07:06PM by DrScientist812 via reddit Disqu
. Dogs this smart deserve a home.Every year, the SPCA need to find homes for thousands of dogs just like Porter -- dogs who have been abused, abandoned, or jus..
Politics at CNN has news, opinion and analysis of American and global politics Find news and video about elections, the White House, the U.N and much more Food and Agricultural Code - FAC Government Code - GOV Harbors and Navigation Code - HN CNET news editors and reporters provide top technology news, with investigative reporting and in-depth coverage of tech issues and events
Live news, investigations, opinion, photos and video by the journalists of The New York Times from more than 150 countries around the world. Subscribe for coverage of U.S. and international news. Get all of Hollywood.com's best Movies lists, news, and more Information you can trust. R, the news and media division of , is the world's largest multimedia news provider, reaching billions of people worldwide every day
Poll Question. How concerned are you personally about the spread of coronavirus/COVID-19? Trend. Americans are more concerned about the coronavirus now than they were several weeks ago, but Republicans have consistently expressed less concern than others Welcome to reddit's home for real-time and historical data on system performance.,. . All Systems Operational Uptime over the past 90 days. View historical uptime. reddit.com Operational 90 days ago 99.98 % uptime. Today. Desktop Web. The United States Code is a consolidation and codification by subject matter of the general and permanent laws of the United States. It is prepared by the Office of the Law Revision Counsel of the United States House of Representatives News, email and search are just the beginning. Discover more every day. Find your yodel
Poll Everywhere is how you embed live, interactive activities into your presentation. Start for free today Presidential politics and political news from foxnews.com. News about political parties, political campaigns, world and international politics, politics news headlines plus in-depth features and. Save money with coupons, promo codes, sales and cashback when you shop for clothes, electronics, travel, groceries, gifts & homeware. Get free gift cards and cash for taking paid online surveys and free trial offers. Join for free now Funny videos, funny pictures, and funny articles featuring celebrities, comedians, and you
Get all of Hollywood.com's best TV lists, news, and more The Common Ground Christian Network is a group of denominations, organizations, congregations, and individuals who believe 21st century Christians need to stand together for the cause of Christ.We come from different denominational and theological traditions, but these distinctives are respected and appreciated, not a cause for division among us AMD Developer Central. Tools, SDKs and Resources you need to optimize your CPU developmen
Dr. Gordon Black, founder and former CEO of the Harris Interactive Poll, will hold an informal conversation with students about the many challenging and successful career options for Arts & Sciences majors.. All are invited. Contact Dr. Stephen Schwab for further detailsWe Support Our Customers For Life!
For Material Recovery Facility and Recycling Equipment Support:
Call: 619-477-3175 | 1-800-462-5311
All of CP’s services are designed around making you and your operation a success. We strive to not only meet, but exceed your expectations. Whether it is mechanical engineering design work, or customer service out in the field, CP’s professionals offer the highest-caliber of services.
Our service departments include: Customer Service, which include top-of-the-line customer support, filed-technicians, extensive inventory and readily available parts; Electrical Engineering which enables you run a greener and smarter operation through energy conservation and intelligent motor control systems; Mechanical Engineering, dedicated and highly skilled professionals that will provide you with the best design solutions; Project Management, organizes and coordinates the efforts of the entire CP team including all customer interfaces in establishing project milestones; and Research and Development, who continuously innovates our product line and is committed to providing state-of-the-art equipment for the recycling industry.Qty : 1
Do you want to muzzle your dog to let people around you feel in safety? Do you need durable wire basket muzzle to train your dog? Do you want your dog to breathe freely? Our Wire Basket Dog Muzzle will satisfy all your demands.
Pictures Provided by Lily Ratatosk from Michigan, USA
Click on the pictures to see bigger image
Blue Heeler Feels Absolutely Comfortable Wearing Well-ventilated Cage Dog Muzzle
The ForDogTrainers company produces only high quality extra durable dog training equipment. Our products are made of 100% dog safe materials. We guarantee that you won't be displeased with our products. Our muzzles for german shepherds are carefully made by hands of our craftsmen. That means that you will never find such metal dog muzzle in any other pet store.
Rest After Exciting Games - Blue Heeler Breathable Wire Cage Dog Muzzle
Key features of this Dog Muzzle:
Intended use of this Dog Muzzle:
Sizes available:
Available colors:
To see more precise instructions how to measure your Dog - Click here
Learn how to take correct measurements of your Dog for this harness / Our video
Some obvious advantages of this metal basket muzzle:
Please, be advised! To prevent your dog or people around it from injuries it is never advised to leave your dog unattended while muzzled.
Metal Basket Dog Muzzle for Medium and Large Breeds.Badminton is challenging and simple at the same time. Even beginners manage longer ball-rallies, however the path leading to professional and competitive badminton is a long one. And it begins with a differentiated view on your own strengths and weaknesses. The BADLAB SCORE provides you with an interactive checklist including over 50 individual settings.
The BADLAB SCORE also includes a timeline. Your training successes are graphically represented in a chart with 10 categories. Simply update your analysis area from time to time.
When two players play against each other, the player with the higher BADLAB SCORE must not necessarily win against the player with the lower BADLAB SCORE. The BADLAB SCORE is not a winning-forecast. It is supposed to give you a feeling for how many different aspects make up a "complete player". And it should make you aware of your own strengths and weaknesses. This way, the BADLAB SCORE can help you ti train more targeted in order to make your game more variable over the course of time. And once you really understand why your opponent beats you, he may have won against you for the last time!
Missed your club training? On the go in another city? Your game partner of choice is not in the same club? No reason to miss badminton games! The innovative online portal Easysport aims to make sport suitable for everyday use, allowing you to book courses, classes and trainers online. Annoying phone calls are eliminated.
In order to book a court, registering at easysport is not mandatory. However, members receive 5% special discount on all sportsoffers. Additionally, the market leader in the field of online-sports-service offers interesting specials: last-minute discounts, if the Badminton Court is booked on the same day and of course discounts for pupils and students.
You also have the possibility to evaluate the individual sites on easysport. This finally simplifies the search for the best sports facility for everyone.
Not out of ignorance, but to avoid complicated formulations, we have allowed ourselves to assume right-handers for all descriptions, suggestions etc.
Where it makes sense to look at things more specifically, we will of course do so.A Guardian report says:
A Palestinian has stabbed two people in a supermarket in the West Bank before a private security guard shot him, Israeli police have said.
Police spokeswoman Luba Samri said the attack on Wednesday took place in Mishor Adumim, east of Jerusalem, where a 16-year-old Palestinian entered the supermarket and stabbed two Israeli shoppers.
Samri said the shoppers were moderately wounded. The condition of the attacker is unknown after he was shot by the guard.
Over the past month, 11 people have been killed in Palestinian attacks, which included a deadly assault on a Jerusalem synagogue that left five people dead. Most of the violence has occurred in Jerusalem although there have been other attacks in Tel Aviv and the West Bank.
The Guardian headline says:
I suppose the Guardian can at least claim it is being consistent.1 Wounded In Overnight Hazelwood Shooting
August 13, 2011 2:48 PM
(Photo Credit: KDKA)
PITTSBURGH (KDKA) — One person was taken to the hospital after an overnight shooting in Pittsburgh’s Hazelwood neighborhood.
Emergency officials say the shooting happened at 1:15 a.m. in the 600-block of Johnston Avenue.
According to our news partners at the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, the 25-year-old victim was sitting on a porch. He suffered a gunshot wound to his neck.
The Post-Gazette reports that he was listed in critical but stable condition.
Stay with KDKA for the latest details.
RELATED LINKS:
Pittsburgh Police
More Local NewsYum, yum, yum, is all I can say about this . I tried the salad first at a raw food restaurant and then made my own style recipe at home. The salad is best with a lemon, sesame dressing and you can add Asian glass noodles, soy beans, crisp nori and small slices of mango to it, too.
Raw Asian-style Kale Salad with SesameIn this age of communication and networking, it has become easier to retrieve someone’s personal information without them knowing especially if you are using public Wi-Fi. Cybercriminals and security breaches can access your private data by monitoring if you are not protected by a VPN.
What does a VPN do? A VPN basically masks your IP address with the provided one and allows you to browse freely without any intrusions and it grants you access to many sites that may be restricted in your area. The most important part played by a VPN is the encryption of your traffic.
Short Summary Points on "Top 18 VPNs"
1. VPN masks your IP Address with another IP Address so you can browse Safely.
2. The Protection of your data and your privacy is VPN’s no.1 priority for you.
3. VPNs Completely Encrypt your traffic, so that no intruder can monitor your work.
4. Most of the VPNs have over 1000 servers worldwide which provide the best speed possible.
5. They all are compatible with Android, IOS, and windows.
6. PrivateInternetAccess VPN has the cheapest monthly plan among all the other top 18 VPNs, which is 6.95$/month.
7. Most of the VPNs are free at the start of a trial version.
8. The Top 18 VPNs are NordVPN, PrivateI#gooseN, CyberGhost, StrongVPN, PureVPN, TopGuardVPN, BufferedVPN, Windscribe, GooseVPN, Zenmate, VPN Unlimited, HotspotShield, Avast SecurityLineVPN, & Speedify.
The number of VPN service providers is quite extensive, making it difficult for you to choose the right one. However, there are certain criteria that will help you in selecting the desired one such as internet speed (VPN reduces your internet speed), logging policies, privacy features, set-up feasibility, compatibility, and cost.
Here’s a list of top security service providers, explaining all the features so you don’t have to be confused in choosing your VPN provider.
NordVPN
NordVPN is one of the most recognized and reliable security service providers. It is the best choice for you because it is very friendly and easy to use.
Features:
- The first thing which makes it distinctive is that it encrypts all your internet traffic twice providing extra privacy to you and they don’t keep any records of your activities to ensure complete security.
- It also protects your IP address and your personal data from harmful threats and advertisements.
- There is an automatic kill switch available which immediately disconnects your internet when the VPN connection drops, assuring your security even after disengagement. All these benefits and it allows you to use them at a high speed.
- They also provide you a personal IP address that you can use on 6 different devices at once.
Servers:
NordVPN is available in 62 countries and it has about 4319 servers all over the world, almost 2000 in America and 2000 in Europe.
Compatibility:
Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, Firefox and Chrome.
Plans:
It offers different plans and they are quite inexpensive if you choose the 1 year or 2 years plan.
- 1 month - $11.95
- 1-year - $69.00
- 2-year - $79.00
- 3-year deal - $99.00
- All plans come with a 3-day free trial and 30 days money-back guarantee.
Payment method:
- PayPal
- Credit Card
- Cryptocurrencies
- Some Other Banking Methods
Private Internet Access VPN
Another trusted VPN service provider is PIA which is known for its VPN tunneling. These VPN tunnels create multiple layers to provide security to its users.
Features:
- The security layers are responsible for masking your IP address with the provided one, protecting your data from theft and building a firewall to filter unwanted intrusions.
- It allows the user to browse and post anonymously on different sites and provides access to all sites without any restrictions.
- This VPN offers P2P support, unlimited bandwidth, high speed and a single IP address for multiple users rather than individual addresses. This feature increases privacy because it creates hindrance in locating the user.
- It provides access to 5 devices simultaneously over one account.
Servers:
Private Internet Access is providing its services in 28 countries with over 3041 servers.
Compatibility:
DD-WRT, Android, macOS, Windows, Mint, Linux, PPTP and many more.
Plans:
It is quite reasonable as compared to other service providers. It offers 3 plans:
- Monthly: $6.95/m
- Yearly: $39.95/y
- Two-years: $69.95
- With a 7-day money-back guarantee.
Payment methods:
- PayPal
- Bitcoin
- Bitcoin cash
- Zcash
- Credit cards
- Amazon Pay
- ShapeShift
- Mint
- Bitpay
ExpressVPN
Express VPN is stated to be #1 Trusted leader in VPN and it is one of the top security service providers. Express VPN follows all common protocols regarding security.
Features:
- This is quite easy to set up and it allows you to use the internet with amazingly fast speed and unlimited bandwidth.
- It has a built-in speed test feature which helps you in choosing the fastest server for your network.
- The unique feature of this VPN is split tunneling which allows you to access the internet directly and use VPN, simultaneously.
- It allows you to use three devices with one account.
- It also has a no-logging policy for its users.
Servers:
More than 1500 VPN servers in about 94 countries and 148 VPN server locations.
Compatibility:
Windows, Mac, iOS, Linux, Android, routers and Chrome OS.
Plans:
The best thing about this VPN is that it allows a 30-day free trial which is a full-featured version and not like other trials in which you can only use a specific set of features.
It has 3 plans including;
- One month plan ($12.95/month) ,
- 6 months plan ($9.99/month i.e. 59.95 every 6 months)
- 15 months plan ($6.67/month i.e. $99.95 for 15 months)
- With a 30-day money back guarantee.
Payment methods:
- PayPal
- Bitcoins
- Credit cards
- Other methods
IPVanish VPN
This VPN service provider, with more than 40,000 IPs, also has a zero-logging policy making it a fit choice for customers.
Features:
- High-performance speed
- Unlimited bandwidth
- Access to censored or restricted sites
- Unlimited P2P traffic and many more
- It also allows unlimited server switching, anonymous torrenting and Netflix.
- You can use 5 devices with one subscription, simultaneously.
Servers:
IPVanish has more than 1000 servers in about 60 countries.
Compatibility:
Windows, Mac, iOS, Linux, Android and also some routers. It provides a complete setup guide for each of these.
Plans:
It has 3 plans which include,
- One month plan at $10.00/month
- 3-months plan at $26.99/3 months
- One year plan at $77.99/year (this one allows you to save money).
- 7-day money-back guarantee
Payment methods:
- Credit card
- PayPal
VyprVPN
Servers:
VyprVPN has about 200,000+ IP addresses and more than 700 servers spread all over North America, South America, Europe, Asia, Africa and Oceania.
Features:
- Friendly and easy to use and it has apps for its service making it easier for the users.
- P2P support
- AES encryption
- NAT firewall
- Zero-knowledge DNS.
- You can select from their supported encryptions such as OpenVPN, L2TP/IPsec, PPTP, and Chameleon.
- Chameleon is the unique feature in this VPN as it allows you to overcome VPN blocking, bypass any censorship and resolve bandwidth throttling.
- Along with security, speed is a significant feature for this VPN as it allows you to stream content with unlimited bandwidth and unlimited server switching.
Compatibility:
Android, Mac, Blackberry, Windows, iOS, DD-WRT, OpenWRT, different routers and more.
Plans:
It offers 2 plans, a standard plan and a premium one, both of these have a monthly and yearly billing cycle.
- The standard plan allows 3 simultaneous connections
- Monthly billing: $9.95/month
- Yearly billing: $5.00/month
- The premium one is a better choice because it allows 5 simultaneous connections, VyprVPN cloud, and chameleon protocol.
- Monthly billing: $12.95/month
- Yearly billing: $6.67/month
Both plans offer a 3-day risk-free trial.
Payment methods:
- Alipay
- Credit cards
- PayPal
TunnelBear V
This is amazing for people who are new to VPNs and those who are unwilling to pay for security service providers right now.
Features:
- A no log-keeping policy, ensuring total security of user privacy.
- The vigilant mode offered by Tunnelbear is amazing; if your internet connection is disengaged for any reason, Tunnelbear will protect you from unsecured traffic till reconnection.
- Tunnelbear also helps in selecting the right server and has an automatic startup system that keeps it active all the time.
- Allows up to 5 devices on a single account simultaneously.
Servers:
It has servers in more than 20 countries and provides high-speed performance along with unrestricted and safe browsing anywhere, anytime.
Compatibility:
Windows, Mac, iPhone, Android, and browsers (chrome and opera).
Plans:
This is very easy to connect and offers 3 plans to its users;
- First: Free of cost and allows you to use 500 MBs every month.
- Second: Monthly plan which is for unlimited usage and charges $9.99/month.
- Third: Yearly plan which offers unlimited data for 1 year at the cost of $59.99 only.
Payment methods:
- Credit cards
- Bitcoins
CyberGhost
Features:
It is quite user-friendly and supports all protocols of a VPN like
- the no-logging policy,
- double encryption,
- P2P and torrent support,
- uninterrupted streaming,
- Access to all censored sites, etc.
- One of its security features is the kill switch which ensures the privacy of user even after disconnection.
- Allows using 7 devices simultaneously on one subscription
Servers:
More than 1300 servers in 60 countries worldwide.
Compatibility:
Windows, Mac OS, iOS, Android and more.
Plans:
It offers 3 different plans and all of these offer a 30-day money back guarantee.
- Monthly plan - $11.99/month (quite expensive)
- Yearly plan - $2.75/month (very reasonable)
- 6-month plan - $4.99/month
Payment Methods:
- Credit cards
- PayPal
- BitPay
StrongVPN
Features:
- Its “best location available” feature allows the user to select an appropriate server.
- Zero data logging so you have a completely secured connection.
- Unlimited server switching & bandwidth
- Access to censored content
- 5 simultaneous connections
- It follows L2TP, SSTP, OpenVPN, IPsec, and IKEv2 protocols which protects the customers from prying eyes.
The only con is that it doesn’t have a kill switch but except that, it is a great choice.
Servers:
More than 650 servers in over 26 countries and has 59,000+ shared and dedicated IPs.
Compatibility:
Windows, Android, MacOS, iOS and different routers.
Plans:
It offers 2 plans;
- Monthly plan - $10.00/month
- Yearly plan - $69.99/year
Both these plans have a 30-days money-back guarantee but there is no free trial.
Payment Methods:
- PayPal
- Alipay
- Credit cards
- Bitcoins
PureVPN
It is another contender among the top VPNs and provides a significant range of servers all over the world.
Features:
- Anonymous browsing
- P2P and video streaming
- Server switching
- AES encryption
- Accessibility to the sites restricted in your region
- A kill switch which immediately disconnects internet if VPN is disconnected.
- It also offers Split VPN tunneling like ExpressVPN, allowing you to divide your traffic and use both VPN and direct internet simultaneously.
- It has a no-logging policy but it does keep the track of the time you log in.
- Allows you 5 simultaneous connections per subscription.
One disadvantage of this VPN is that its speed drops whenever there is excess traffic.
Servers:
More than 750 servers in over 140 countries.
Compatibility:
IOS, Android, Windows, Linux, Mac and Chrome users.
Plans:
It is quite affordable if you are looking for something like that and it offers a 3-day free trial. After the trial, you can select a plan which is most suited for you from their 3 plans.
- Monthly package at $10.95/month
- 6-month package at $8.95/month
- Yearly package at $4.95/month.
- All of these have a 7-day money back guarantee.
Payment Methods:
- Credit cards
- PayPal
- Cashu
- Coin payments
- Paymentwall
- Alipay
- Other sources
TorGuard
Features:
- Strict no-logging policy and also provides shared VPNs for increasing anonymity.
- Separate IP address for each user
- Unlimited speed and bandwidth
- Unlimited server switching
- Anonymous torrenting
- It uses Private VPN for providing end-to-end encryption.
- It has this amazing feature called Stealth VPN which can bypass any type of firewall or VPN blocking and grants you access to everything on the internet.
- The user is allowed 5 active devices at once in one subscription.
Servers:
More than 3000 VPN servers in over 50 countries.
Compatibility:
Windows, Mac OSX, Linux, Android, or iOS. It also works with routers like DD-WRT, Tomato, and psense firewalls. You can select your setup depending on the OS.
Plans:
It has some introductory offers at a discounted rate and some other plans including;
- Monthly bundle - $11.54/month
- Quarterly bundle - $20.97/4-months
- Annual bundle - $64.00/year
- 7-day money-back guarantee.
Payment methods:
- Credit cards
- PayPal
- Cash
- Wire transfer
- AliPay
- Gift cards are also accepted.
Buffered VPN
Although Buffered VPN is an expensive choice, it provides high quality with respect to performance.
Features:
- It offers shared IP addresses to ensure greater security of their users.
- It also has a zero-logging policy so you don’t have to worry about your private data being logged.
- Torrenting and P2P support
- Unlimited bandwidth & server switching
- high-speed connection
- AES 256-bit encryption and no download restrictions.
- And you can use up to 5 devices at once.
Servers:
They have about 800 servers in 45 countries all over the world.
Compatibility:
It supports platforms like Android, Mac OS, Linux, Windows and routers.
Plans:
You may select from their available plans according to your requirements. They offer a
- Monthly plan - $12.99/month
- Yearly plan - $7.62/month
- 6-month plan - $9.99/month
- Along with 30-days money-back guarantee
Payment Methods:
- PayPal
- Bitcoins
Windscribe
Servers:
Windscribe is one of the best free VPN service providers and has servers in over 52 countries.
Features:
- It allows Netflix no matter where you are
- It blocks advertisements
- It has a high-level encryption AES-256 cipher with SHA512 auth and a 4096-bit RSA key
- The firewall protects your data from leaking
- No permanent logging of data
- It has an automatic system which selects the best server for you
- Keeps track of cookies
The best part about this is that it’s free of cost and provides you 10GB data every month. It allows only one device.
Compatibility:
Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, Linux, Chrome, and Firefox.
Plans:
Its free version is more than amazing but if you want unlimited data, you may want to upgrade to pro version. The pro version also offers you to choose your encryption and allows all the servers. There are 3 plans on the basis of payment cycle;
- Monthly - $9.00/month
- Yearly - $49.00/year
- Two-year plan - $89.00 every two years.
Payment Methods:
- PayPal
- Credit cards
- Paymentwall
- Bitcoins
GooseVPN
GooseVPN is the most affordable VPN service with a user-friendly interface. It is very easy to set-up and you can gain access in just 3 small steps.
Features:
- Safe and secure browsing
- Unlimited devices can be used with one subscription
- No throttling and unlimited bandwidth
- 256-bit encryption
- No-logging policy
Servers:
Over 114 servers and IPs available throughout and a 24/7 customer support.
Compatibility:
Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, Linux, KODI, routers and Chrome users.
Plans:
It offers three plans;
- Monthly plan (limited) - $2.99/month
- Monthly plan (unlimited) - $12.99/month
- Yearly plan (unlimited) - $4.99/month or $60.00.
All these plans have the policy of 30-days money back guarantee and a free 30-days trial.
Payment Methods:
- Credit card
- PayPal
Zenmate
Servers:
More than 3000 IP addresses and 300+ servers in 30 countries.
Features:
- 256-bit AES encryption providing high-level security.
- Helps in accessing geo-restricted content.
- Zero-logging policy
- Allows you to change your virtual location with the help of their servers.
- Fast downloading
- Zero throttling and unlimited bandwidth
- Unlimited server switching
- Supports torrenting and P2P traffic
- It allows up to 5 devices on one account
Compatibility:
Windows, Android, Mac, iOS and more.
Plans:
It has 3 plans out of which the yearly plan is most suitable because the cost cuts down 40% from its original.
- Monthly subscription - $9.99/month and
- Yearly subscription - $5.99/month
- 6-month plan - $54.00 every two-years
- All three bundles have a 14 days money-back guarantee.
Payment methods:
- Credit card
- Wire transfer
VPN Unlimited
Another competitor in this list of VPNs is Keepsolid VPN Unlimited.
Servers:
More than 400 servers in 70 countries.
Features:
Along with a zero-logging policy, it has some special features
- Military grade 256-bit encryption
- Follows different protocols of configuration which include OpenVPN, L2TP/IPsec, IKEv2, KeepSolid Wise, and PPTP protocols.
- Changes your virtual location to ensure privacy
- High speed connection
- Supports torrenting and P2P servers
- Allows 5 active devices in one subscription.
Compatibility:
Windows, Android, MacOS, iOS, Linux, Chrome and Firefox
Plans:
This VPN offers its users a lifetime plan at only $149.99 and you can use unlimited data for life. There are monthly and yearly plans also but the best buy is lifetime bundle.
- Monthly plan - $9.99/month
- Yearly plan - $49.99/year
- With a 7-day free trial and money back guarantee.
Payment methods:
- Credit card
- PayPal and others
Hotspot Shield
This one is a commonly used VPN and it has all the qualities of an appealing security service provider.
Features:
- Unlimited speed and bandwidth
- Anonymous browsing
- Access to all geo-restricted content
- Greater downloading speed
- Supports 5 active devices at once
All these qualities, make it a good pick but the only con of this VPN is that it offers less locations as compared to others.
Servers:
More than 2000 servers in 20 locations.
Compatibility:
Windows, Android, Mac, iOS and others.
Plans:
The quality which makes hotspot shield unique, is its lifetime license which you can get for a quite fair price. It also offers a free 7-day trial.
Like other VPNs it also provides 3 plans;
- Monthly - $12.99/month
- Yearly - $72.00/year
- 6-month plan - $54.00/6 months
Out of these, yearly is best unless you are interested in the lifetime pack which costs about $119.99 only.
Payment methods:
- Credit & debit cards,
- PayPal
Avast SecureLine VPN
Avast is commonly known to people for its antivirus program but it also offers a great VPN service that protects you from hackers, advertisers, and even the internet providers.
Features:
- It doesn’t log any of your data and keeps your actual IP well-hidden.
- Avast VPN is built on OpenVPN and OpenSSL along with AES encryption permitting safe connection to any public Wi-Fi.
- It also supports P2P networking and HD streaming.
- Apart from these, a single IP address is provided to multiple users to ensure greater security.
Servers:
This VPN offers a broad variety of servers, located in 34 countries, allowing you to choose the fastest and most suited one.
Compatibility:
Windows, Android, Mac, iOS and others.
Plans:
Its plans differ from other VPNs because it provides VPN for either individual devices or a multi-device VPN.
- For 5 devices at once, it offers four cycles
- Monthly - $8.99/month
- Yearly - $79.99/year
- 2-year - $149.99
- 3-year - $219.99
- For individual devices
- PC - $59.99/year
- Android and iOS - $9.99/year
- Mac - $29.99/year
Other options for individual devices exist depending upon the cycle and number of devices.
Payment methods:
- Credit & debit cards,
- PayPal
- Wire transfers
Speedify
Features:
- Consistent and reliable service
- delivers the speed almost equal to your internet connection(sometimes 150mbps)
- Allows torrent and P2P traffic
- Access to censored sites and services
- No data logging
- Anonymous browsing
- Protection against hackers with ChaCha-based encryption.
- And you can use up to 5 devices at the same time.
Servers:
Over 1000 servers are working across 28 countries ensuring best connection.
Compatibility:
It works with iOS, Android, Mac OS and windows.
Plans:
The feature which makes speedify unique is that it offers free access without any credit or account. It has a starter plan of 1GB/month so you can easily evaluate it without risking your money. When you decide if it’s the right one, you can select from the bundles providing unlimited data usage.
- Monthly plan - $8.99/month and
- Yearly plan - $49.99/year.
Payment methods:
- Credit cards
- PayPal
- Amazon
Pin It! Pin It! Pin It!Boise State Public Radio News is here to keep you current on the news surrounding COVID-19, the disease caused by the novel coronavirus.
Idaho Health Officials Ask White House For More Doses
Nationally, Idaho is toward the bottom of states in a number of rankings measuring COVID-19 vaccine rollout. The state is asking the White House to adjust it's weekly allotment. As of now, the weekly doses are set to increase slightly, from 20,000 first doses a week to more than 25,000.Service Repair for Doosan V8 Engine
WaterMota Ltd, are the exclusive UK and Ireland distributor for Doosan Infracore, JMP & D-I Industrial, and are also a UK distributor of AZCUE pumps and spare parts.
Watermota also offer a wide range of services and support for the commercial marine and power generation industry including Commissioning, Overhauls & Repairs, Workshop Services and Service Support.
One of Watermota’s long standing customers contacted them after reporting a coolant leak on an engine- driven fire suppression system at the UK’s largest energy firm from the waste site.
On inspection, their engineers were able to identify the source of the leak and the cause. They also undertook a full machine inspection and identified 2 other unrelated faults.
To assist the customer's need for limited downtime a revisit was organised to complete the repair to the initial fault and repairs to secondary faults in one visit. The customer's system was back online within the same day ready for service.
Discover how Watermota can assist you below, if you do not see a solution suitable please contact their service department.
+44 (0) 1626 830910Separation Rapids Lithium
Location
Project Phase
LITHIUM & OTHER ADVANCED MATERIAL POTENTIAL
Avalon’s Separation Rapids Lithium Project has the potential to produce high purity lithium compounds for two distinct markets: an industrial mineral product for glass-ceramics and lithium chemicals for energy storage..
In August 2018, Avalon completed an updated Preliminary Economic Assessment, reflecting a simplified business model that focuses on initial production of lithium mineral concentrates, with potential for future expansion into production of the battery materials lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide.
In November 2020, Avalon entered into a Letter of Intent with Rock Tech Lithium Inc. to collaborate on the development of a lithium battery materials process facility batteries.
Petalite is not the only lithium mineral of interest at the Separation Rapids project. Petalite production will be supplemented with the production of a second lithium mineral concentrate: lepidolite. It will provide an additional lithium mineral concentrate for treatment at Avalon’s planned lithium refinery in Thunder Bay.
Highly fractionated pegmatites, like the Separation Rapids deposit, contain many minerals of economic importance. The deposit has the potential for recovery of by-products including high purity silica, feldspar, rubidium, cesium and tantalum.
The Separation Rapids lithium deposit
LOCATION, ACCESS, OWNERSHIP AND TOPOGRAPHY
The 100% 100% owned by Avalon. The lease covers an area of 420.39 hectares over the area of the main lithium pegmatite deposit and adjacent lands that may be used for mine development infrastructure. composites from ≥ 2 drill holes and interpolated geological continuity up to 40 m below diamond drill holes.
- Two metre composites were used and no capping was necessary.
- The mean density of 2.65 t/m3 was used for unit 6ABC and 2.62 t/m3 for unit 6D.
- The cut-off grade reported in this resource estimate, 0.6% Li2O, is consistent with the previously published resource
Avalon has received the necessary approvals to proceed with a 2,500 tonne bulk sample extraction program that was originally planned for 2019. Avalon can now proceed with the bulk sampling program for pilot plant processing to recover petalite product samples for testing and qualification by glass and ceramic companies that have expressed interest in the high-purity petalite mineral product.
A comprehensive Feasibility Study will be completed, Metallurgical Consultant and the Qualified Person for the technical and scientific information.000 pieces are being tracked in low-Earth orbit to help satellites and the ISS avoid collisions — but they’re all about the size of a softball or larger.We want to make sure that the BK bug tracking system _could_ be used for
the kernel effort. Whether it is or not will be decided after years of
licensing flamewars, etc., etc. We're not going to go there so please
don't try.
Where I want to go is a discussion of requirements, then we converge on
a strawman proposal, and then all of the people who care enough about
this can go implement an answer and Linus and/or Alan and/or whoever can
choose one.
Let's stay focussed on arriving at a good set of agreed on requirements.
I've done a brain dump below. I'll track this mail thread and update this
doc as the discussion unfolds. I'll post updates as it is needed. If this
discussion takes on a life of its own, I may try and grab all the mail and
archive it so that people can browse; we'll see, it may be that everyone
is so busy that this will be the first and last message on the topic.
--lm
Brain dump on the bug tracking problem from the Kernel Summit discussions
[SCCS/s.BUGS vers 1.2 2001/04/01 10:46:55]
Outline
Problems
Problem details
Past experiences
Requirements
Problems
- getting quality bug reports
- not losing any bugs
- sorting low signal vs high signal into a smaller high signal pile
- simplified, preferably NNTP, access to the bug database (Linus
would use this; he's unlikely to use anything else)
Problem details
Bug report quality
There was lots of discussion on this. The main agreement was that we
wanted the bug reporting system to dig out as much info as possible
and prefill that. There was a lot of discussion about possible tools
that would dig out the /proc/pci info; there was discussion about
Andre's tools which can tell you if you can write your disk; someone
else had something similar.
But the main thing was to extract all the info we could
automatically. One thing was the machine config (hardware and
at least kernel version). The other thing was extract any oops
messages and get a stack traceback.
etc.
Furthermore, the bugs should be structured once they are screened,
i.e., they have a set of fields like (this is a strawman):
Synopsis - one line man-page like summary of the bug
Severity - how critical is this bug?
Priority - how soon does it need to be fixed?
Category - subsystem in which the bug occurs
Description - details on the bug, oops, stack trace, etc.
Hardware - hardware info
Software - kernel version, glibc version, etc.
Suggested fix - any suggestion on how to fix it
Interest list - set of email addresses and/or newsgroups for updates
It ought to work that if someone posts a followup to the bug then if
the followup changes any of the fields that gets propagated to the
underlying bug database. If this is done properly the news reader will
be the only interface that most people use.
Past experiences
This is a catch all for sound bytes that we don't want to forget...
- Sorting bugs by hand is a pain in the ass (Ted burned out on it and
Alan refuses to say that it is the joy of his life to do it)
- bug systems tend to "get in the way". Unless they are really trivial
to submit, search, update then people get tired of using them and go
back to the old way
- one key observation: let bugs "expire" much like news expires. If
nobody has been whining enough that it gets into the high signal
bug db then it probably isn't real. We really want a way where no
activity means let it expire.
- Alan pointed out that having all of the bugs someplace is useful,
you can search through the 200 similar bugs and notice that SMP
is the common feature.
Requirements
This section is mostly empty, it's here as a catch all for people's
bullet items.
- it would be very nice to be able to cross reference bugs to bug fixes
in the source management system, as well as the other way around.
-
To unsubscribe from this list: send the line "unsubscribe linux-kernel" in
the body of a message to majordomo@vger.kernel.org
More majordomo info at
Please read the FAQ atMinority-owned home remodeling company Richardson Building Group fast emerging as a go-to home improvement partner for Baltimore homes
Baltimore, Maryland – October 29, 2021 – Baltimore seems to have got a new favorite when it comes to home remodeling services. Minority-owned family-owned and operated Richardson Building Group is fast rising as the one-stop residential remodeling partner for the city homeowners. The company assures an extensive range of industry-leading home remodeling services at affordable rates.
Founded in 2020, Richardson Building Group comes with a mighty team, backed by over 50 years of combined experience in the residential and commercial construction industry with both technical and fundamental knowledge from various sources. The company has been founded based on the core values of integrity, safety, respect, cleanliness, innovation and long-lasting relationships with clients, employees, and vendors.
In an exclusive interview, the President, lead contractor, and the founder of Richardson Building Group, shared that their goal is to renovate 50 houses in Baltimore City per year. Renovating these homes will help make this city a safer environment and also enhance the appeal of the community. Even as a new business, the company has already helped over a dozen homeowners and investors renovate houses and provide comfortable housing for families in Baltimore City and Baltimore County.
“Whether you are a homeowner looking to upgrade your home for better resale value or for simply to get a facelift or an investor in need of property remodeling to attract great rental deals- count on us as your ultimate remodeling partner”, stated the President of Richardson Building Group.
“We are equipped with a reliable team of highly efficient remodeling experts who are committed to provide their 100% percent into each project we undertake. They will support you with honest advice about repair, replacement, and upgrades and you will never be forced to pay for services you don’t need right now. We promise you a credible industry-standard service at affordable rates.”
Richardson Building Group offers home improvement services for all aspects of a residential property. From bathroom to kitchen to flooring to patio to deck to living room,.”
The President stressed that they are extremely particular about using only the highest quality materials for the remodeling projects. The company technicians have received training on using cutting-edge tools that help to get the work done fast and with efficiency.
A major USP that keeps Richardson Building Group ahead of the curve is its customer-centric approach. In the words of the President again –
“What separates us from others is that we are a 100% customer-centric company. We are a family owned and operated firm and we treat each of our clients as our family members, irrespective of the size of the remodeling project. We treat any property that we work on as if we were going to live in it ourselves.”
For more information, please visit.
Media Contact
Company Name: Richardson Building Group
Contact Person: Dontay Richardson
Country: United States
Website:
The post Minority-owned home remodeling company Richardson Building Group fast emerging as a go-to home improvement partner for Baltimore homes first appeared on PressRelease.cc.Summary of the last chapter in three lines
The crowd: “Who is that?”
Guided by the General
Gossiping soldiers
「I brought Antgar-dono and his escort!」
The General bowed as he entered stepped into the room and declared loudly.
「Umu, enter.」
The King sitting on the throne on the back answered the General. The General looked back at Souta and the others and nodded once, then he moved forward. They followed after the General as they were told and when the General stopped, he and Antgar knelt down with their head lowered.
「Raise your head. You don’t need to kneel down in the first place, take it easy.」
The king had a gentle expression, even though he was a bearded dwarf, his face exuded good character.
「General, you can go now.」
「Ha-! Excuse me!」
Ordered by the King, the General bowed once and returned to the line next to the red carpet.
「Antgar… That’s a good expression. Compared to when we met before, you look so refreshed.」
「Thank you. Thanks to this person, I was able to get over my worry.」
Antgar, who stood up when the General moved, tapped Souta’s shoulder and thanked the King.
「Hmm, so you’re Antgar’s benefactor. What is your name?」
「I’m Souta. I’m a traveling adventurer.」
The King nodded with the same smile on his face despite Souta’s irreverent attitude.
「I see, I see, I give you my thanks. Thank you for saving one of our country’s most promising blacksmiths.」
While remaining seated, the King bowed his head deeply to Souta. Souta and Dina were surprised at the situation. It was not a good attitude for a king to have, and yet the King bowed lightly to a single adventurer whose identity had not yet been revealed. In some countries, that act would be condemned by the authorities, but here, the dignitaries and the soldiers in line were only smiling at the scene.
「Raise your head, it would be awkward for me if a king of a country bows his head to me. I just did what I thought I needed.」
Souta was a little bewildered by the King’s attitude.
「Hohohoho, there is no need to be modest. The lady over there, you’re the one that defeated our General, correct?」
「Yes, my name is Dinarius. Thank you for the opportunity to have this audience with Your Majesty today. However, I would like to make a correction. It seems there is a misunderstanding about how I defeated the General, I was only able to do that because the General was caught off guard while observing me.」
After giving a bow, Dina corrected the king’s words with a gentle smile.
「Either one of you is being so modest…… What do you think, General?」
「Sir! I believe Dinarius-dono’s ability is real. She said I was caught off guard, but I think the gap in ability is big enough that off guard is not enough to explain it. As I said, I was helpless.」
The General reported to the king, but at the end, he looked at Dina and grinned.
「Hohoho, if the loser says it, it might be worth believing. Rest assured, I’m not so petty to hold you accountable for it.」
The King smiled gently at Dina, who frowned a little from the General’s report.
「So, what’s the real reason we were called here? Did you just call us because you wanted to talk to us?」
Not liking how they turned their focus to Dina, Souta tried to get to the heart of the matter.
「Oh, that’s right. I’m expecting you to get a lot of ore from this mining, what do you say?」
Antgar and Dina didn’t intend to answer the question and looked at Souta.
「I can’t say how much, but I’m sure we were able to secure a certain amount.」
He didn’t intend to declare the actual amount, as it was not the amount someone can normally carry even if they had a magic bag.
「Hmm, if it’s okay, can you share some of them? Of course, I’ll pay the appropriate remuneration.」
「…What if I refuse?」
Souta narrowed his eyes and dared to test the king.
「If you refuse then I have no choice but to give up. In the first place, you’re not the subject of this country. I can’t force you. Just in case, I will ask Antgar, but it wouldn’t be compulsory either.」
Souta confirmed not the King’s reaction, but the reaction of the surrounding, but he couldn’t see anyone, in particular, changing their expression.
「I’m sorry for trying to test you, it’s not possible to give everything, but I can share some parts of it. So, where should I put it out?」
He didn’t intend on sharing it depending on their reaction, but he thought it was alright to share them if this was the reaction of everyone around him.
「Oh! So you’re willing to share it!! Then, please do so at the warehouse. General, show them the way.」
「Yes Sir!」
Upon hearing Souta’s answer, the King smiled broadly and hurriedly ordered the General to guide them to the warehouse before Souta changed his mind. Normally, the task of guiding them should be left to the lower-ranked soldier or the person in charge of ore inventory, but it was entrusted to the General instead because he had already communicated with Souta and the others multiple times.
「Just checking before we go. Am I correct in assuming your business is over with us after we handed over the ore?」
「Umu, I would like to give you my thank for this, but you’re free to go after that.」
The King answered Souta’s question without hesitation. There seemed to be no hidden meaning behind that.
「My apology to everyone here for showing all of you an unpleasant attitude. I’m of another race, I was worried about how I would be treated so I came on strong. Well then, please excuse us. Dina, Antgar, let’s go.」
Souta changed his attitude and addressed the King and everyone in the room in a grand manner. Without waiting for their reaction, he turned on his heel and left the room followed by Dina, Antgar, and the General.
Those who remained were surprised by the sudden change of manner and, for a while, they were looking at the door that Souta and the others used to leave.
「You’re a bad person, too, Souta-dono. To pull everyone’s leg like that……」
The General knew that what Souta said before they left was not sincere even though they only had known each other just a short time.
「Well, that’s not my intention. I just thought saying that would get rid of the impression of me as an irreverent person. The King seems to be a good person too, so I thought it would be better to part with a better impression.」
「Huh? So you were thinking about that in that one moment?」
Antgar looked astonished and exasperated at the same time.
「Rather than that, let’s go to the warehouse. I want to get this over quickly.」
High chance I’m not going to release anything here tomorrow, low chance I don’t release anything in patreon tomorrow
I just spend the entire day playing tales of arise today, shouldn’t have done that
Please consider supporting me by whitelisting this site on your adblock, or become my patron.
< Previous | ToC | Next >
3 thoughts on “Re-Summoned Hero Episode 145”
Thanks for the chapter
Thanks for the treat.
Thank you for your efforts in translating this story…. Much appreciated 🙂Are you sure?
This bookmark will be removed from all folders and any saved notes will be permanently removed.
No words can express the happiness I have experienced...
No words can express the happiness I have experienced through my understanding of Christian Science and my love for Mrs. Eddy, who has opened the way for such a wondrous good to be placed before the world.
During the past fifteen years my ankles have been first occasion I twice, but six times. On the first occasion I was confined to a cot for seven weeks, the pain being on a to allow me even the comfort of having the foot on a level with the body, as it was necessary to prop it up to an elevation higher than my head. Another time I was laid up for five weeks. I had heard but little of Christian Science, had even been so narrow-minded as to mock at it, and was not ready for such a revelation as it eventually proved itself to be.
- Coronavirus: Brighton Marathon postponed due to virus outbreak
A decision has been made on when to hold the Brighton Marathon in light of the coronavirus outbreak.
The main race was due to take place on April 19.
But since the spread of the new virus, which has prompted the postponement of many sporting events, including the Premier League, it appeared unlikely it would be held then.
Now, organisers of the event have decided to postpone the event until later in the year.
A statement from Tom Naylor, event director, said: "Following the escalation of coronavirus, we have been taking advice from official bodies, while also working closely with other mass event organisers to understand the situation for the industry, our participants and supporters.
"It is with heavy hearts that we have to deliver the disappointing news that the Brighton Marathon Weekend has been postponed until Friday 18th September – Sunday 20th September 2020.
"It is a decision that has not been taken lightly by our team or our colleagues in the running events industry. We as organisers now face considerable challenges as a result.
"We apologise profusely to anyone affected by this postponement."
The Brighton Marathon, BM10k and BM Ride will all take place on Sunday, September 20.
All those who had a place at this year's event can use their place in the rescheduled event or defer it until 2021 if they cannot make it in September.
Mr Naylor said more information about the postponement would be given on Monday, March 16, and urged people to wait until then before contacting the customer services team, who were 'under much pressure at this time'.
He went on to say: "We wholeheartedly appreciate the far reaching impact this change will have on the thousands of you who have trained hard and planned extensively to take part in April 2020.
"Also to all those who have worked tirelessly to fundraise for their chosen charities and how this may impact upon your charity or cause. We hope that you can continue with your Brighton Marathon Weekend journey and implore you to keep on fundraising until the event can take place in September.
"Thank you to Brighton & Hove City Council, our contractors and partners for their cooperation and understanding."
Last week, the World Health Organization declared coronavirus to be a pandemic. The last figures suggest that more than 125,000 people have been diagnosed in 118 countries, and deaths total more than 4,600.
Four cases have been diagnosed in West Sussex, nine in Brighton and Hove, and East Sussex has had its first confirmed case yesterday (March 13).Lenovo Vibe X mobile was launched in September 2013. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080x1920 pixels at a pixel density of 440 pixels per inch (ppi). Lenovo Vibe X is powered by a 1.5GHz quad-core MediaTek MT6589T processor. It comes with 2GB of RAM. The Lenovo Vibe X runs Android 4.2 and is powered by a 2000mAh non-removable battery.
As far as the cameras are concerned, the Lenovo Vibe X on the rear packs 13-megapixel camera. It sports a 5-megapixel camera on the front for selfies.
Lenovo Vibe X is based on Android 4.2 and packs 16GB of inbuilt storage. The Lenovo Vibe X is a single SIM (GSM) mobile that accepts a Micro-SIM card.
Connectivity options on the Lenovo Vibe X include Wi-Fi, GPS, FM radioWi-Fi Direct, and 3G. Sensors on the phone include accelerometer, proximity sensor, and compass/ magnetometer.
As of 27th November 2021, Lenovo Vibe X price in India starts at Rs. 27,000.
AdvertisementBare Naked Bravery
How to Be Creatively Courageous
the self-help memoir by Emily Ann Peterson
Support Your Local Bookstore:
★★★★★ Amazon reviewer
★★★★★ Audible reviewer
★★★★★ Amazon reviewer
★★★★★ Amazon reviewer
Learn to be confident & unshakably strong..
Despite having spent years studying fear to write a book about it, Bare Naked Bravery still gave me transformational new insight into the art and science of courage. Emily’s storytelling is authentic, moving and highly engaging. Not only will this book entertain you, it will also give you clear, practical and actionable frameworks on how to transcend your fears and rise above every challenge. Bare Naked Bravery is an invaluable guide to living a more courageous life filled with greater joy and meaning.
- Akshay Nanavati, author of Fearvana instead of making us feel bad for not being brave enough, Emily Ann Peterson compassionately encourages us to face our fears. She elegantly notes that it’s ok to feel but that we can be more of the people we want to be if we courageously move toward our fears. This book is informative, personable, funny, and, most of all, inspiring. I highly recommend it.
Dr. Chris Friesen, Ph.D., author of Achieve: Find Out Who You Are, What You Really Want, & How To Make It Happen
Emily Ann Peterson isn’t afraid to ask the tough questions. She’s able to dig deeper and shine a light on the issues others might avoid. It takes bravery to talk about topics that may make others uncomfortable, and Emily has the chutzpah to do it. Best of all, though, she is able to tackle those tough subjects in a kind, loving, compassionate, and tender-hearted way. That’s a special gift.
- Becky Mollenkamp, business strategistForce10 Networks recently announced that two of China's leading universities have deployed the E-Series to build highly resilient and predictable 10 Gigabit Ethernet campus networks.
Leveraging the resiliency and scalability of the Force10 E-Series, Tsinghua and Shenzhen universities are building advanced networking environments that can deliver new services and applications to students and researchers.
"As one of the top engineering schools in the world, building a robust and scalable campus network with a new generation of technology is a strategic decision that will enable us to offer new services, such as remote multimedia education and grid computing to our students," said professor XueNong Li, director of the Tsinghua University Network Research Center.
Beijing-based Tsinghua University is building a new 10 Gigabit Ethernet campus network to provide more than 60,000 students and researchers with high-speed Internet and intranet access, the bandwidth to collaborate on data-intensive computing projects and a variety of other advanced networking services. Tsinghua's new 10 Gigabit Ethernet network will connect with the university's existing campus network and to CERNET, the Chinese Education and Research Network. Tsinghua University's existing network is approaching capacity as the student population continues to rapidly increase, impacting network performance and reliability. The Force10 E-Series enables Tsinghua University to aggregate thousands of student and research connections in a single system while technical innovations in system design provide a new level of security against network attacks. With separate data and control planes, virus attacks are isolated and contained, preventing unwanted traffic from impacting performance.
Shenzhen University City, an educational complex that includes subsidiary campuses for Tsinghua University, Beijing University and the Harbin Institute of Technology, has also deployed the Force10 E-Series as the foundation of its next-generation network. The Force10 E-Series creates an advanced networking infrastructure across the three campuses and provides connectivity and shared resource applications to students, researchers and faculty throughout Shenzhen University City.CORRECTION - Zoom Reports Financial Results for the Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2022
- Secondquarter total revenue of $1,021.5 million, up 54% year over year
- Number of customers contributing more than $100,000 in TTM revenue up 131% year over year
- Second quarter GAAP operating margin of 28.8% and non-GAAP operating margin of 41.6%
SAN JOSE, Calif., Aug. 30, 2021 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ: ZM) is updating this press release to include the “Amortization on marketable securities” line item in its condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. Complete corrected text follows.
Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ: ZM) today announced financial results for the second fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2021.
“In Q2, we achieved our first billion dollar revenue quarter while delivering strong profitability and cash flow,” said Zoom founder and CEO, Eric S. Yuan. .”
Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Financial Highlights:
- Revenue: Total revenue for the second quarter was $1,021.5 million, up 54% year over year.
- Income from Operations and Operating Margin: GAAP income from operations for the second quarter was $294.6 million, up from $188.1 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2021. After adjusting for stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, acquisition-related expenses, and expenses related to charitable donation of common stock, non-GAAP income from operations for the second quarter was $424.7 million, up from $277.0 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2021. For the second quarter, GAAP operating margin was 28.8% and non-GAAP operating margin was 41.6%.
- Net Income and Diluted Net Income Per Share: GAAP net income attributable to common stockholders for the second quarter was $316.9 million, or $1.04 per share, up from $185.7 million, or $0.63 per share in the second quarter of fiscal year 2021.
Non-GAAP net income for the quarter was $415.1 million, after adjusting for stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, acquisition-related expenses, gains on strategic investments, undistributed earnings attributable to participating securities, and expenses related to charitable donation of common stock. Non-GAAP net income per share was $1.36. In the second quarter of fiscal year 2021, non-GAAP net income was $274.8 million, or $0.92 per share.
- Cash and Marketable Securities: Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, excluding restricted cash, as of July 31, 2021 was $5.1 billion.
- Cash Flow: Net cash provided by operating activities was $468.0 million for the second quarter, compared to $401.3 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2021. Free cash flow, which is net cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property and equipment, was $455.0 million, compared to $373.4 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2021.
Customer Metrics: Drivers of total revenue included acquiring new customers and expanding across existing customers. At the end of the second quarter of fiscal year 2022, Zoom had:
- 2,278 customers contributing more than $100,000 in trailing 12 months revenue, up approximately 131% from the same quarter last fiscal year.
- Approximately 504,900 customers with more than 10 employees, up approximately 36% from the same quarter last fiscal year.
- A trailing 12-month net dollar expansion rate in customers with more than 10 employees above 130% for the 13th consecutive quarter.
Financial Outlook: Zoom is providing the following guidance for its third quarter fiscal year 2022 and its full fiscal year 2022.
- Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2022: Total revenue is expected to be between $1.015 billion and $1.020 billion and non-GAAP income from operations is expected to be between $340.0 million and $345.0 million. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be between $1.07 and $1.08 with approximately 309 million non-GAAP weighted average shares outstanding.
- Full Fiscal Year 2022: Total revenue is expected to be between $4.005 billion and $4.015 billion. Non-GAAP income from operations is expected to be between $1.500 billion and $1.510 billion. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be between $4.75 and $4.79 with approximately August 30, third quarter of fiscal year 2022 and full fiscal year 2022, Zoom’s growth strategy and business aspirations to support organizations and people on multiple fronts as they look to reimagine work, communications and collaboration. fiscal quarter ended April 30,, gains on strategic investments, and undistributed earnings attributable to participating securities. Zoom excludes gains on strategic investments because given the size and volatility in the ongoing adjustments to the valuation of our strategic investments, we believe that excluding these gains or losses facilitates a more meaningful evaluation of our operational performance. $35.4 million and $24.6 million as of July 31,)
To view this piece of content from, please give your consent at the top of this page.
To view this piece of content from ml.globenewswire*This post is from my dear friend, Becky Kopitzke. This Mother’s Day, may you embrace your flaws and remember that God has made you fabulous!
I love my kids. But—I don’t love everything about raising them.
“Mommy, will you build a tower with me?” My four-year-old sat on the carpet, surrounded by mega blocks. She looked up at me and grinned with her teeth clenched, pleading. “Please, Mommy?”
“A tower?” I stalled. I’d just settled on the couch with my iPad, investigating chicken recipes for dinner. I kind of wanted to stay there. But, instead, I drew a deep breath and flipped the iPad shut. “Sure, I can help you build a tower.”
Because good moms build towers with their kids. Right? Click here to read moreHONG K™ ".
New ways of working and production potential.".. Uniquely, it provides sustained and sustainable hybrid performance, delivering electrically assisted acceleration, lap after lap.."
Bu haber hakkında');
}
-->

4 bed, 2 full bath, 1 half bath.
5 bed, 3 full bath, 1 half bath. Located in Briarcliffe Acres, one of the most beautiful communities in Myrtle Beach, this expansive
3 bed, 2 full bath, 1 half bath. Luxury, fine craftsmanship and attention to detailâ¦ That is what you will get when purchasing this
4 bed, 2 full bath, 1 half bath. Stunning custom built home on a large lake lot within a few short miles to the Ocean. Home looks br
3 bed, 2 full bath, 1 half bath. You will fall in love with wonderful home located in the quiet community of Carolina Lakes! A large
3 bed, 2 full bath. Located in Murrells Inlet. . 62 acres, new construction home. Certified master builder is offeringThe big news: Farmers postpone march to Parliament on Budget Day, and nine other top stories
Other headlines: The Centre increased the occupancy in cinema halls from February 1, and the SC refused ‘Tandav’ makers and actors relief from arrest.
A look at the headlines right now:
- Over 25 criminal cases filed, 19 arrested for tractor rally violence, say police: As many as 37 farmer leaders, including Swaraj India President Yogendra Yadav and Bharatiya Kisan Union Spokesperson Rakesh Tikait have been booked for violence in Tuesday’s tractor rally. Meanwhile, two farmer bodies, the Bharatiya Kisan Union (Bhanu) and Rashtriya Kisan Mazdoor Sangathan decided to withdraw from the protest, while farmers postponed their march to the Parliament on Budget Day.
- Increase in cinema halls occupancy, swimming pools to open for all in Centre’s new Covid norms: Meanwhile, the Central and Western Railways on Tuesday decided to begin operations of all its suburban train services in Mumbai from January 29.
- SC refuses to grant ‘Tandav’ makers and actors protection from arrest: The series’ director Ali Abbas Zafar, producer Himanshu Krishna Mehra, writer Gaurav Solanki, Amazon Prime’s India Head of Originals Aparna Purohit and actor Mohammed Zeeshan Ayyub had approached the Supreme Court, seeking protection from possible arrest. The court, however, issued a notice on their request to club the FIRs filed against them in six different states.
- SC stays Bombay HC order that minor’s groping without ‘skin-to-skin contact’ is not sexual assault: A bench headed by Chief Justice of India SA Bobde stayed the order after Attorney General of India KK Venugopal said that the judgement was “unprecedented” and “is likely to set a dangerous precedent”. The court also asked Venugopal to file a petition against the judgement.
- Petrol, diesel prices touch record high in Delhi after increase in rates: Petrol cost Rs 86.30 per litre in the national Capital on Wednesday, while diesel was priced at Rs 76.48 a litre. Petrol prices have been hiked Rs 2.59 a litre and diesel by Rs 2.61 a litre so far in this month in Delhi.
- FIR filed against UP journalists for report on students exercising at event without winter wear: The journalists in Kanpur city were accused of criminal intimidation and public mischief. A state official alleged that the journalists were not even present at the event.
- Journalist Neha Dixit says she has been stalked for months, received rape and death threats: The journalist said that there was a break-in attempt at her home on Monday and that she had filed a police complaint. Dixit said she had been receiving calls from more than two dozen phone numbers.
- Jharkhand to reserve 75% jobs in private sector for locals, says CM Hemant Soren: The chief minister said that the jobs will be reserved under a new domicile policy that will be formulated.
- Sourav Ganguly’s vital parameters stable, had visited hospital for a checkup: Ganguly, who underwent angioplasty following a mild heart attack earlier this month, had reportedly complained of chest pain again on Wednesday.
- US judge approves The Weinstein Company bankruptcy plan to pay $17 million for sex abuse claims: In March last year, movie producer Harvey Weinstein was sentenced to 23 years in a New York state prison for committing felony sex crimes over a number of years.Montague, Margaret Prescott, 1878-1955
From Library of Congress Name Authority File
Montague, Margaret Prescott, 1878-1955
URI(s)
Instance Of
Scheme Membership(s)
Collection Membership(s)
Variants
Montague, Margaret Preston, 1878-1955
Exact Matching Concepts from Other Schemes
Sources
- found: The man from God's country, c1924: t.p. (Margaret Prescott Montague)
- found: LC database, 9-22-95 (hdg.: Montague, Margaret Prescott, 1878-1955)
- found: The sowing of Alderson Cree, 1907: title page (Margaret Prescott Montague, author of "The poet, Miss Kate and I")
- found: Wikipedia, January 7, 2015 (Margaret Prescott Montague; 29 November 1878 White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia--26 September 1955, Richmond, Virginia; American short story writer, and novelist; her middle name is sometimes attributed as Preston before changing to Prescott; her novels were adapted into the films Linda (1929), Calvert's Valley (1922), Uncle Sam of Freedom Ridge (1920) and Seeds of Vengeance (1920)) {}
Change Notes
- 1995-10-10: new
- 2015-01-08: revised
Alternate FormatsBad vs. Badly |
The Blue Book of Grammar and Punctuation.
Confusion about the two words typically arises when they accompany the sensory linking something physically but rather describing something emotionally, so the adjective bad is used.)
She feels badly since her fingers were burned. (She is feeling something physically with her fingers, so the adverb form is used.)
The same interpretations of adjectives and adverbs apply with the other linking verbs mentioned.
Examples
The mask he wore made him look suspicious to the police. (He did not look with his eyes; look describes his appearance so the adjective is used.)
She looked suspiciously at the $100 bill. (Her appearance is not being described; she looked with her eyes so the adverb is needed.)
Because Richard had such a bad cold, all food tasted poor to him. (Poor describes the taste of the food so the adjective is used.)
Richard’s bad cold caused him to taste food poorly. (Poorly modifies the physical tasting of food so the adverb is needed.)
The perfume Janine is wearing smells strong. (Strong describes the perfume so the adjective is used.)
Janine can smell scents so strongly you’d almost think she has a dog’s nose. (Quickly relates to the physical act of smelling so the adverb is needed.)
GrammarBook.com aims to maintain distinctions that uphold more-precise usage and meaning in American English. At the same time, we recognize that some resources for style guidance adapt to contemporary tendencies. Merriam-Webster online, for example, currently accepts bad as an informal, colloquial form of badly, thereby making the words interchangeable: “bad: badly (doesn’t want it bad enough).”
The American Heritage Dictionary further explains that the use of badly with want and need was once considered incorrect, since in these cases it means “very much” rather than “in an inferior manner or condition” or “immorally.” Today, however, such usage is prevalent even in formal contexts and so considered standard.
Consequently, we acknowledge that bad and badly can both be used as adverbs with verbs of strong emotion (e.g., want, need) although we prefer differentiating them for greater precision.
1. Please don’t feel [bad / badly] about forgetting to call me.
2. Loretta wants the new kitchen-table set [bad / badly].
3. That coyote is looking at us [bad / badly].
4. You probably shouldn’t have baked the cake so long, because it smells really [bad / badly] now.
5. David says his Denver omelet tastes [bad / badly] so he’s going to ask them to make it again.
1. Please don’t feel bad about forgetting to call me.
2. Loretta wants the new kitchen-table set bad (or badly).
3. That coyote is looking at us badly.
4. You probably shouldn’t have baked the cake so long, because it smells really bad now.
5. David says his Denver omelet tastes bad so he’s going to ask them to make it again.
If the article or the existing discussions do not address a thought or question you have on the subject, please use the "Comment" box at the bottom of this page..
NOTE: Please see our update below dated November 9, 2017.:. ” We would not recommend using it this way in formal writing.
Which is correct – “I want to watch that movie bad” or “I want to watch that movie badly”
Use the adverb badly.
NOTE: Please see our update above dated November 9, 2017....
We are. !!!
Oh my goodness! Me too! I thought I was the only person to have this particular pet peeve.
. !
Clever. You are welcome.
I badly needed the meaning of the word “badly”. now i got it. thank u very much.
You are welcome. In formal written English your comment would be:.
The use of the word “poorly” as an adjective is generally a regional term meaning “somewhat ill.” We do not recommend its use in formal American English. It would be better to say “I feel ill” or “I don’t feel well.”.”
I held the bag tight, even though my arm hurt…
a. bad
b. badly
Please answer the question.
badly.
I’ve read a few usage of the word badly. but could you please comment on the use of badly in this sentence,
I am missing them so badly.
Is it correct?
Thank you so much.).
How should it be?
The hairdresser cut my hair very badly?
The hairdresser cut my hair very bad?
Thank you.
The word cut is used as a verb in your sentence; therefore, use the adverb badly to describe cut.
How about this one: The deal went bad.
I think that is correct. I think the process of making a deal might go badly, but once a deal is made, then goes sour, it’s correct to say it went bad.
Your expert opinion, please.
“The deal went bad” may be fine in informal spoken English. However, because “went” is a verb, we need an adverb to modify it: “The deal went badly.”
I want to be something so bad/badly.
Use the adverb badly to describe the verb want.
Thank you for the article!
I have a question and I used several grammar books but I can’t find the answer. Can we use I know somebody or something badly meaning I don’t know them / it well?
Technically it’s correct, because to know is a verb, but why does it sound so weird? And what’s the grammatical standpoint on this?
We would not recommend using badly in such a context. Beyond not being clear that the intended meaning is “not well,” it could confuse readers or listeners by suggesting that you know someone in a bad way.
The president almost always uses badly for everything on how he feels. “I feel badly about” the chants at the rally. I think this is incorrect right?
You are right. When one is not feeling with fingers but instead describing one’s state of mind, use the adjective bad after the sense verb feel.
I am not sure I understand the explanation for the example: She feels badly since her fingers were burned. She feels with her fingers here so the adverb (ly form) is used.
She was not ‘feeling with her fingers’ in this instance. And if she was, would we really say she “feels badly”? Just an observation. From my perspective, that doesn’t make sense.
This sentence refers to one of the five senses rather than a description of her state of mind (feeling bad). It means that her sense of touch has been affected by the burn. That is why the adverb badly is used. Admittedly, this might sound a bit odd in conversation, but we included it to demonstrate a situation where “feel badly” is grammatically correct.
Another set of angles:
I feel good = I am a good person
I feel good about this = I have a good feeling about it
I feel well = I am in a healthy state or I have sensitive fingers
Thus, she looked well for someone who didn’t exercise
Or, she looked good for someone who didn’t use make up
I ate a goodly amount = large portion
I feel bad = I am a bad person
I feel badly = I have clumsy fingers
Good is as good does
He looked suspicious to the police = They inferred that he was up to no good (or to no well. LOL.)
He looked suspicious to the police = They inferred that he was paranoid about something, perhaps them.
I loved your newsletter today on “Bad vs. Badly.” I have had quite a number of pitched (verbal) battles with friends and students about “feel bad” vs. “feel badly.” I know educated people who have no difficulty in saying “I feel good about that,” but they are very uncomfortable saying “I feel bad about that.” I have wondered sometimes whether the problem might be psychological rather than grammatical. The word “bad” can mean “evil” or “wicked” and perhaps people are uncomfortable saying something about themselves that could have an undercurrent of those other meanings. Just a thought.
Have a good day and continue to send your interesting articles.
re: I feel bad. I agree that the word “bad” has at least two common meanings that can be confused.
I feel bad about it….might mean that one feels morally bad or it might mean that one feels regretful.
The same distinction mutatis mutandis applies to “good,” but is almost always used to mean that one has a good feeling about something….sometimes with a prophetic connotation….I have a good feeling that this will work out.
How about:
1) It can come out differently and hurt someone’s feelings very bad.
2) It can come out differently and hurt someone’s feelings very badly.
Use the adverb badly to describe the verb hurt.
Which one is correct?
1. I love you so bad.
2. I love you so badly.
3. I like it so bad.
4 I like it so badly.
Help please.
Whether you use an adverb or an adjective to modify a verb will depend on whether it is a transitive verb or a linking verb. A transitive verb can have a direct object. A linking verb (e.g., be, seem, become) will not have a direct object. Love and like are transitive verbs, so you would write I love you so badly and I like it so badly. If you were using a linking verb, you would apply the adjective form: He is bad, She seems bad.
Which is correct? “The dinner turned out nicely” or “The dinner turned out nice.”
The dinner turned out nicely.
She wanted a job bad or badly?
We prefer badly; however, Merriam-Webster online currently accepts bad and badly as interchangeable adverbs: “bad: badly (not doing so bad, doesn’t want it bad enough).”
Is the use of “bad” in the following Chicago Tribune headline correct or should it be “badly”? “Millennials want to buy homes so bad, 80% would purchase one without seeing it amid high-stakes COVID-19 market: survey”
It seems to me that “badly” should be used. The way the sentence sounds as written, it suggests that the millennials are looking to buy bad houses, i.e., ones that are badly constructed or in poor condition, rather than that they are extremely eager to purchase homes.
Please see our March 22, 2021, reply to siena.
Is it
I feel great or I feel greatly?
As the post states, when we use the verb feel descriptively instead of actively, we should follow it with an adjective. Therefore, great is correct.Words related to horn.".The hidden treasures of the eBay world still turn up genealogical treasures with a bit of background research. A recent auction listing provided me with a solid base for some in-depth research. I actually timed myself on this one – it took me exactly 1 hour and 32 minutes to research this piece from beginning to end.
Mr. William Maccihammer Richardson of 814 Michigan Ave, Washington D.C. enlisted for the draft on June 5th, 1917 at the age of 24. He had a dependent mother and presumably a deceased /absent father. William, according to his draft registration card, was already in the service of the War Department and was likely added to the roster of the 93rd Division. The 93rd was comprised of National Guard units from New York, Chicago, Washington, D.C., Cleveland, and Massachusetts. I’m assuming he was in the 93rd Division given the presence of his infantry regiment crossed rifle cap insignia and his military service in D.C. He was a messenger before the war while working for the War Department in Washington, so it’s an easy jump assume he served in a similar role with an infantry regiment of the 93rd. William was one of over 1,000,000 African-American men to register for the draft and one of only 370,000 to be inducted into the army.
Those familiar with WWI draft cards will notice the clipped corners. This was required of men of color in order to easily pick them out during draft board review. It was apparently a common practice that I was not aware of until researching this image.
The next definite genealogical entry I found for William puts him in District 221 of Washington, D.C. in the census of 1930. His entry is easily misread as a William N. Richardson. He is shown as being married to a Mary E. Richardson. His profession is listed as being a Chauffeur with the U.S. Government – another link to his prewar position.
In the 1940 census record, William is listed as being a chauffeur for a private family. His yearly income is $1,700 – almost exactly the average annual income of $1,900 in 1940. He lived in an apartment building in Block No. 18 of Washington and had two “lodgers” living with him and his wife. June and Cleo Adams were sisters to Mary E. Richardson.
The last and final genealogical reference to Mr. Richardson comes in the form of a death registration. William died at the ripe age of 81 on June 3rd, 1973. The trail ends with his death, but the possibilities for future research lay wide open. Which unit did he serve with? Did he see direct combat? How did he meet Ms. Adams?Another manufacturing client has very high expectations for their call center and we helped them track the process of it all and gave them tools on how to improve.
Take a look below at the tools we used on this study, the industries and our other clients we helped with similar projects. Click to download the case study.Download Case Study
INDUSTRIES: Consumer & Retail Education Healthcare Manufacturing
SERVICES PROVIDED: Continuous Loop Feedback Key Drivers of Satisfaction Real-Time Reporting Segmentation Text AnalyticsHow to Batch Edit Photos with Photoshop Actions Feature
If you’re a designer or work with a lot of photos, today I’ll show you how to batch edit them with Photoshop with the help of Actions.
Digital imaging has revolutionized photography. Photoshop and Lightroom allow you to achieve results that were just unimaginable a few years back. But it’s no longer about what you can do with the computer for your photography; it’s also about what your computer can do instead of you. Today I’ll show you how to batch edit photos with Photoshop with the help of Actions.
Why this Technique is Useful
While Lightroom is perfect for a simple batch edit like exposure, contrast, white balance, etc., it won’t have you covered when you need something a bit more stylized. That’s where Photoshop comes in. If you need a batch of stylized images to fit a company’s overall vision, this is the perfect solution.
All you have to do is apply your edits to one photo, then let Photoshop repeat the same steps for the rest.
Step 1: Preparing your Photos
Make sure to have all your photos ready and saved in the same folder.
Step 2: Recording your action
Start by opening your photo.
Then navigate to the actions panel. It should look like a large play button. If you can’t see it, you can enable it from the Windows menu in Photoshop.
Please create a new set for your action (or folder as most people call it) to keep things nice and tidy.
Then create your action with the small button that looks like the “New Layer” icon. Please give it a proper name, optionally assign a function key and color. Once done, press “Record” to begin creating the action.
From now on, anything that you do will be applied to the image. All commands, including saving and open, will be recorded and stored as part of the action. Here’s a quick time-lapse video of the changes I committed:
Here’s a quick time-lapse video of the changes I committed:
Remember to go back to the action panel and press the “Stop” button when ready.
Step 3: Using the Action to Batch-Edit your Photos
Once you’re done creating your action, you can immediately put it to good use. Start by selecting File > Automate > Batch.
Once in the Batch Edit dialog, choose the settings appropriate for you. since my Save and Close steps were part of the action, I essentially just had to pick my folder and press OK.
Once you do this, Photoshop will give you a short epileptic experience, and you will come to the sudden realization that no matter how fast you become at a software program, the computer will always be faster than you. All of your desired steps will are executed to each image in the blink of an eye.
But hey – look on the bright side – your clients have no idea whether it was you who did all that work or if Photoshop did it for you! Nice and easy way to dramatically speed up your workflow. And here are the final images:
While I only used three images for this example, you can use this process to let Photoshop batch edit thousands, even millions of photos, if you wanted to (assuming you have that many in the first place). Aside from the example, I’ve shown you, this will also work for batch sharpening, resizing, rotating, and much more.
1 Comment
Peter
Hi Stefan
This is about the best and cleanest how to tutorial I have read. So clear concise the detail is excellent, presentation is excellent
Peter- Gallery Text
In the first half of the fifteenth century, leading Florentine sculptors began to produce plaster and terracotta works, which could easily be cast from molds. Particularly popular were those depicting the Virgin and Child, which increased in both quantity of production and complexity of design during the period. Although none of these works is documented or signed, all were part of a sculptural production that, like prints in the later part of the century, assisted in the dissemination of the sculptural canon, making new artistic ideas available to a wider audience. In his Commentaries, Ghiberti claims to have “helped many painters, sculptors and masons by making them numerous models in wax and clay.” Around fifty examples of this relief, with minor variants, survive, suggesting that production may have lasted for several decades. Such works were used for private devotion in homes or set in exterior tabernacles around the city.
- Identification and Creation
- Object Number
- 1964.113
- People
- Workshop of Lorenzo Ghiberti (c. 1381 - 1455)
Previously attributed to Jacopo della Quercia (Jacopo di Pietro d'Angelo), Italian (1367 - 1438)
- Title
- The Virgin and Child
- Classification
- Sculpture
- Work Type
- sculpture, relief
- Date
- c. 1430-1435
- Culture
- Italian
- Persistent Link
-
- Location
- Level 2, Room 2500, European Art, 13th–16th century, Art and Image in Europe
View this object's location on our interactive map
- Physical Descriptions
- Medium
- Terracotta with traces of pigment
- Dimensions
- framed: 55.9 x 45.1 x 17.1 cm (22 x 17 3/4 x 6 3/4 in.)
- Provenance
- Dr. and Mrs. Paul G. Ecker, Philadelphia, gift; to Fogg Art Museum, 1964.
- Acquisition and Rights
- Credit Line
- Harvard Art Museums/Fogg Museum, Gift of Dr. and Mrs. Paul G. Ecker in memory of Dr. Elliott Carr Cutler
- Accession Year
- 1964
- Object Number
- 1964
"Some Recent Acquisitions: Photographs", Fogg Art Museum Acquisitions, 1964, vol. 2, no. 2, 65-114, 1964, p. 70, 129, repr.
C.D. Lewis, The Mount Holyoke College Art Museum Handbook of the Collection, ed. Jean C. Harris (South Hadley, MA, 1984), p. 22, note V
Geraldine Johnson, "Art or Artefact? Madonna and Child Reliefs in the Early Renaissance", The Sculpted Object, 1400-1700, ed. Stuart Currie and Peta Motture (Aldershot, Hants, U.K., 1997), pp. 5, 10, 15 note 27
- Exhibition HistoryLinux chemical engineering työt
.....
RaspberryPi koodaus käyttämään lämpötila-anturia ja web kameraa ja syöttämään ne kotisivulle. quick.. experi....
Procuro programador para programar um server de five m gta 5 roleplay Esx em português Habilidades: PHP, HTML, MySQL, Linux, Design de Sites Veja mais: procuro webdesigner para clan, programador para wordpress, programador para hacer programa, procuro redator para artigos site curiosidades, brasilia programador para android freelancer, busco programador para aplicacion, busco programador para aplicaciones mobiles, busco programador para app, busco programador para carrito de compras web site, busco programador para juego, busco programador para proyecto app, busco programador para proyecto vb, busco programador para proyecto, busco programador para simulacion de una gasolinera, necesito programador para unir google calendar con base de datos mysql, preciso de programador par...
Hello, I need to change the running port and install or configure an SSL on my Mattermost installation in Linux CentOS with WHM/CPanel Here is the documentation:
Want devloper who can develop software related to conduct online exam platform for students preparing for Engineering and Medical entrance exam. bi.. backgroun...
In the term paper, you can select a related topic to softwareivi...
Major:Industrial Engineering and Management Paper Content need include topics as follows: Chian Emission etricInformation
Looking for qualified & Experienced Person Who is Expert in Linux and who have Linux system You must be readily available to start the work thanks
Hi, I have requirement some content writing and/or editing. It is in English. Pl write if you are in medical or engineering field. Regards, aes..
Looking for Linux System Expert who know how to use Ward-riving wireless thanks
My company is rebranding and we’re looking for design ideas for a new logo, the new company name is “BUEL Civil Engineering”
We are looking for a copywriter to work with with us to develop copy for case studies, blog pieces and social media posts around our engineering and asset management projects.
mohon bantuannya dalam membuat simulasi data engineering pipeline dengan menggunakan data terbuka dengan minimal 2 sumber data. Data pipeline terdiri dari komponen, Extract, Transform, dan Load. Dari proses tersebut, kemudian Anda diminta untuk menganalisis insight yang didapatkan. Kriteria: - Terdapat proses ETL: terutama bagian kompleksitascar...
We are looking for a copywriter to work with with us to develop copy for case studies, blog pieces and social media posts around our engineering and asset management projects. Project details including technical specifications will be provided by our team. in Melbourne.
..?
You are an IT support engineer&he...
my niche relevant to automotive(no car selling buying or insurance) pumps industrial automation hydraulic power transmission construction machinery Mechanical Or Industrial Engineering
Do you know how the router works. Are you expert in linux then you are right guy for us.
I need help in completing this data engineering project using Tal. ...
need someone really experienced with Matlab and Engineering to help me out with some concepts
.. will help me build a consumer IoT (Internet of things) product using MicroPython on the ESP32. Second, you will help me on various consult completed and delivered by latest 1...
Technical writer needed for manual writing of our products. niche is related to engineering and technology
I need help to complete this data engineering project Price : negotiable
I need an expert on statics in mech engineering.
an engineering task, more details on the file attached exp...
DO NOT RESPOND TO THIS LISTING WITHOUT CLEARLY STATING WHAT I REQUIRE: NAME THE SOFTWARE AND HARDWARE YOU WILL USE TO ACCOMPLISH MY OBJECTIVES. PROBLEM: I have a quadrilateral vent window seal for a Vehicle that is no longer made. The project involves scanning the seal. The seal is approximately 14" high x 12" at the base & 1" thick. The seal has holes & deep recesses. YOUR DELIVERABLES PART I: SCAN this seal, and import the scan into modeling software with a front end that works well with scan data. Correct Seal imperfections within the modeling software. Part two of modeling is to make the file manufacturing friendly. While some modeling software works fine in producing a cad file, I am not looking for one "dumb" file. I want planes and ...'m going to buy a ready NFT marketplace script. I need someone who can help me with customizing and support. System Requirement: Operating system : Linux Docker Web3 cli Nodejs : 12.x + MongoDB : 4.x + Angular : 11.x + SSH root access for installation purpose
We are looking wi.. with experience in the Technical/Engineering relate...
I need a person who has experience in puppet terraform and linux need a support for a project for long term. Details will be discussed after a initial discussion. Thanks
Hello, I need to hire an expert on linux for setup and run good linux server. task is simple. ready to hire now
Network engineering questions, including the concepts of *TCP/IP and Data encapsulating *Ethernet LAN *Switch Configuration *IPv4 Addressing *Router Configuration *Static Routing *IPv6 Addressing and sub netting *Wireless LAN
I format a new disk 10 GB for 26 million inodes with parted standard procedure and I got 26 million inodes but the free disk space available is 4 GB after formatting (so I loss disk space 6 GB). This disk is intended for storing 26 million files and is mounted to /mnt. I expect you have more disk free space than me. When you apply this project, please quote with the free disk space in GB after formatting it for 26 million inodes. Please message me if you have a solution better than me. Thanks.
I need creation of logo with the elements of fire, letter E and Eagle. If you can add a tower sign to symbolize engineering, that would be great. Use of original images highly needed and can be reimbursed up to $3.Curated via Twitter from TechCrunch’s twitter account….
Having been switching between the iPhone 11 and Pixel 3a a fair bit in recent days, among other things, I’ve really come to appreciate the close range at which the Google device is able to shoot in Portrait Mode.
Google, for example, is able to do some really impressive things with the Super Res Zoom feature introduced on the Pixel 3.
It was, seemingly, a sign that Google is set to blaze a new path for its mobile line, which could ultimately make the Pixel 4 and 4a the last of their kind.
Link to original article….
Google’s budget Pixel 4a addresses its premium predecessor’s biggest problem by @bheater— TechCrunch (@TechCrunch) August 3, 2020DIA Quarterfinals Latest
DIA Quarterfinals Latest
We’re down to four in the DIA playoffs as Saint Mary’s, BYU, Arizona, and Life all won.
Of those four games, Life v Lindenwood was easily the closest, although Indiana put up a a fight against BYU.
Saint Mary’s slammed San Diego State 72-5. Early tries from Holden Yungert, Mike Wallace, Vili Helu, and Aaron Matthews staked Saint Mary’s to a 26-0 lead. And it only grew from there. The Saint Mary’s ability to execute under pressure, and put opposing defenses under pressure, saw them pound the scoreboard.
The Gaels move the ball quickly, and that’s based in their ability to win ball cleanly and quickly from the rucks.
Henry Hall and Helu capped off the first-half scoring, with the almost automatic Dylan Audsley converting four to make it 38-0.
Little changed in the second half. Yungert started the Gaels off, and after an Audsley penalty, Ethan Waller, Helu (for his third), and Tommy Wallace all touched down. SD State managed a try during that period, but Ronan Murphy finished it off for the Gaels. Audsley converted three of those tries for 17 points on his own, and a 72-5 win for Saint Mary’s.
The Gaels will host Arizona, which put Baylor to the sword 48-5. The Wildcats were moving early and showed once again their more clinical play following that league loss to Utah.
“We didn’t play well,” said Baylor Head Coach Mason Hering. “But hat’s off to them, they were the better team.”
Arizona Head Coach Sean Duffy said he thought his team was imprecise in the first half and missed some chances, but their defense was what made it 22-0 at the break. Kyle Rogers was excellent and scored two while setting up some more. Prop Steven Branham emerged as a major factor, scored a try, and was a force in loose play. Locks Sean Coleman and Bronson Teles worked well together to make things happen.
"We still need to improve in some areas, but we're headed in the right direction," said Duffy.
BYU ran out to a 24-0 lead against Indiana, and while IU rebounded to put in two in the middle period of the game, the Cougars eventually controlled things 46-17.
It was a tough result for the Big Ten champs Indiana, but considering BYU beat Colorado State by 90 and Central Washington 55-12, it was a competitive scoreline. BYU was just too balanced.
And in Georgia, Life University overcame a shaky second half during which Lindenwood put a scare into them to win 37-20.
Tries from wing Harley Wheeler and hooker Brian Muntanga staked Life to a 12-0 lead early. A long-range penalty goal from Lindenwood flyhalf Nick Feakes put the Lions on the scoreboard. But a yellow card to Lindenwood flanker Brandon Chalker hurt them, as Life got a try from Cody Melphy to make it 19-3. Feakes replied with a penalty goal, but lock Alexander MacDonald’s try just before the stroke of halftime put Life in control … at least it seemed that way.
Life scored through flanker Jamie Berrisford just on the other side of halftime for a 31-6 lead, but Lindenwood fixed their lineouts and started to force Life into penalties. Hooker Jeremy Leber picked up from close in, and Feakes capped off a break from Mickey Bateman and Lindenwood was within two tries at 34-20. But Melphy finished it off with a penalty goal.
“I am proud of how we played in the second half,” said Lindenwood Head Coach Josh Macy. “Had we been able to do that all game, we likely could have gotten a better result. When we are back at this next year, our likelihood of success will grow with our ability to execute early and often.”
So in the semis, Saint Mary’s will host Arizona, and Life will host BYU. The winners will face off May 6 in the final.DRI Healthcare IT Team Prepares for HIMSS 2018
HIMSS 2018 is less than one week away and the DRI Healthcare IT team is gearing up to join thousands of professionals to learn, network, and collaborate at the leading health information and technology conference. As the DRI HIT team attends annually, there are five key tips and tricks to remember each year, or to take along with you as a first-time attendee.
- Be prepared before you leave for the conference. Do your research regarding keynote sessions, exhibitors, and educational sessions and be sure to establish what your goals are for the conference, what you plan on attending, or who you would like to meet. This will give you the opportunity to make a game-plan for the conference, and allow you to schedule meet-ups with other attendees. Downloading the HIMSS18 Mobile app can also help you plan.
- Get involved on social media before, during and after the show. Connecting with HIMSS Facebook page, as well as the HIMSS Twitter handle is just one extra way of networking and following what’s happening at the conference. Use the hashtag #HIMSS18 on Twitter and be sure to post your photos and insights including it to gain more traction with other attendees.
- Wear comfortable shoes, your nametag, and bring business cards and snacks. Being such a large conference, you will be doing a lot of walking; do yourself a favor and wear shoes that won’t hurt your feet, and snacks to keep you fueled all day. In addition, you should be prepared to brand yourself from wearing your nametag to handing out multiple business cards to other industry professionals.
- Take notes. Stay focused during the event, be sure to write down who you meet, interesting facts you learn, or reminders for follow-up after the conference. Listen and observe attentively and engage with as many professionals as possible.
- Enjoy the conference! Whether it is your first time attending, or you are a HIMSS conference veteran, enjoy the opportunity to connect with others in an environment focused on Healthcare IT and how to make it even better as a whole.
As we prepare to put these five tips into action, let us know about your experience at previous HIMSS events, what you are looking forward to, or if you have tips to add to our list. If you are attending HIMSS, the DRI team would be happy to schedule a time to meet up with you to network. Please contact a DRI team member to set up a convenient time to network!Golden Sun CodeBreaker Codes (USA, Europe)
This page contains CodeBreaker cheat codes for Golden Sun. Golden Sun (USA, Europe) Gameshark Codes and check for your code there instead! Alternatively head over to my Golden Sun (USA, Europe) Action Replay MAX Codes for even more codes.
Character Codes
- All Characters
- Garet
- Isaac
- Ivan
- Jenna
- Mia
Have All Djinni In Battle Codes
Travel to Area of Your Choice Codes
Unlimited Money: 82000250 FFFF
Unlimited Money: B2EA2919 6DCA
Max Cash When Buy/Selling: 32000253 007E
No Random Battles: 82000478 0000
No Random Encounters: 75B5293DE460
Access Djinn: C4D27B20A49F
Have 50k Coins: ABEE45AD694A
Earn Lots of Money: CCCB6FBDAD0E
Level Up Quickly: 7E7C078F7342
Max Money
B2EA2111 EDD2
90E82929 79F3
Access All Summons
C637D67293F8
219AD9A254D5
A5A6692DECDB
Shops Sell Everything
Under the Artifact section there will be a lot of rare items listed.
42000380 6363
00000030 0002
All Characters Have Two Turns
Only use after you get your first Djinn
32000644 0002
32000790 0002
320008DC 0002
32000A28 0002Denied Entry /Criminality
If you have been denied entry and are inadmissible to Canada, you will need to get your immigration history properly reviewed and assessed by an immigration lawyer. A lawyer will determine what type of permit you might need to obtain to enter Canada or if you will need to apply for certain applications first before attempting entry to Canada.
Learn about the exclusion of a child or spouse from Canada by watching our Youtube video below.
Here are our useful blogs about denied entry to Canada.
Temporary Resident Permit
Get useful information about applying for a Temporary Resident Permit (TRP) in Canada in order to overcome certain inadmissibility issues.
Criminal Rehabilitation
Read about applying for criminal rehabilitation in order to overcome your criminal inadmissibility to be able to travel to Canada or obtain certain permits.On Jun 26, 2006, at 4:02 PM, Gary Moody wrote:
> Yeah, slowest day I can remember...
I dunno ... the earth seems to be spinning at the same rate from what
I can tell :)
-- This is the NewtonTalk list - for all inquiries Official Newton FAQ: WikiWikiNewt for all kinds of articles: on Mon Jun 26 18:15:37 2006
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.1.8 : Mon Jun 26 2006 - 19:30:00 EDTACParadise Network: American Cosplay Paradise American Cosplay Experience American Cosplay Snapshots
Cosplayer Enzee > Costume of Bilbo Baggins from Hobbit, The
- Most Recent Photo
- 07-01-2013
- Series
- Hobbit, The
- Character
- Bilbo Baggins
- Year Completed:
- 2013
- Construction Difficulty:
- Very Easy
- Costume worn at:
- Katsucon 2013
This Costume has been retired
Add a Comment
Photos
Sorry, you must be a registered user of and logged in to view and add comments. Either log in or register now!Sweet Annie
(Artemisia annua)
Common names: Sweet Wormwood, Sweet Sagewort, Annual Mugwort, Annual wormwood, Huanghuahao
Change & Transition
Indications: Addresses feelings such as loss or abandonment with great wisdom, understanding & strength.
Sweet Annie
You cannot always clearly see all possible options in a given situation or understand how or why you are in the situation to begin with. Often it is only in retrospect that you understand the reasons
and the lessons that needed to be learned from dramatic shifts.
Sweet Annie essence supports consciousness and an ability to respond to new currents and impulses with an open heart and sensitive understanding. It opens the mind to hear the voices of your destiny that can offer compassionate options to emotionally charged situations. It reminds you that there are many unseen beings that cause motion all around you, changing your path and perceptions each day. This essence helps us to align with your purpose. It helps your relationships unfold with grace and wisdom.
To step forward in trust when the ground beneath you is quaking s indeed an act of faith. Sweet Annie essence offers a hand to hold through the changing seasons. It reminds you of the great love and support that is here for you, love that will remain steadfast and strong through all the episodes of your human dramas.
Like a listening ear, a sympathetic touch, or a knowing look, this essence helps us to hold our pain in a place of deep understanding where you can address your feelings -- such as loss or abandonment – with great wisdom and strength. Then from this place of strength you can move forward in peace and trust, knowing that love is eternal, and, although you are not able to see your destiny, you can trust that when you act from this faithful space you will find your way through. Whatever the current trauma, you emerge wiser, clearer, and more compassionate – able to embrace a new destiny with a clearer understanding of God’s will and purpose in your life.
The Sweet Annie in our gardens can grow as large as a Christmas tree. My daughter Haniel is responsible for the large wild crop that graces our property every fall. Several years ago she was playing fairy with a large spray of Sweet Annie for a wand. She danced about the garden, tapping each flower, bush, rock and tree with her wand as the Sweet Annie seeds copiously poured forth, abundantly distributing to every nook and cranny. what a wonder to find this sweet-smelling plant growing everywhere the nextPEBBLE BEACH, California -- Alabama head football coach Nick Saban and former UA golf team star Bud Cauley finished their first round at the AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am with a team score of 4 under par, putting them in a tie for 65th in the "best ball" format event. Cauley posted an individual score of +1 for the round putting him in a tie for 111th in the individual portion of the tournament.
Nick Saban tees off on the 10th hole at Spyglass Hill Golf Course during the first round of the AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am. (Photo courtesy of AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am)
Saban and Cauley were paired with PGA pro Ricky Barnes and New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick. Saban and Belichick's relationship goes back to the early 1990s when Saban served as an assistant under Belichick at the Cleveland Browns.
Saban and Cauley will tee off for their second round tomorrow at 12:01 p.m. Central at the Monterey Peninsula Golf Course. The Golf Channel will carry live coverage of the event from 1 to 2:30 p.m. Central.Added to your basket
Quantity:
Order Subtotal ( items in your basket)
Meal Replacement Box of 7 Sweet and Sour Noodles
Customer Reviews
Meal Replacement Box of 7 Sweet and Sour Noodles Customer Reviews
RRP: £11.83
£11.19
Save: £0.64
73 Reviews
Quantity:
Other customers bought:
Meal Replacement Box of 7 Spaghetti Bolognese
Meal Replacement Box of 7 Shepherds Pie
73 Reviews
Where reviews refer to foods or cosmetic products, results may vary from person to person. Customer reviews are independent and do not represent the views of The Hut Group.
Bland2
Unfortunately I would not recommend this dish. I find it quite bland and tasteless.Report this review
Best products by fat5
These noodles are lovely thick full of flavour and quick and easy just to add a chicken breast to these for tea. All exante products are amazing ive only found 2 i dont like so far if your thinking of starting exante you should definitely do it it really worksReport this review
My favourite meal5
This is my favourite meal, really tasty and I feel full. I’m always disappointed when this meal isn’t available, please make sure it’s always in stock.Report this review
Don't buy it!5
Totally kidding, do buy it just leave some for me! My favourite meal exante do so far! I bulk buy these noodles.. Add a pinch of salt and pepper and some hot sauce and your on to a winner! Yum.Report this review
Favourite meal pack5
These are my favourite mealpack. I was gutted when they were unavailable.Report this review
Horrible Taste1
The texture not so bad, but oh my the taste is vile Another wasted box of meals, teach me to only try one at a time In future... This very disappointing as the shakes and bars are lovelyReport this review
Yummy noodles5
Sweet and sour noodles are just amazing .it feels like iam have a Chinese for my meal. I currently eat one every night for my meal .I could quite easy live off these they are so yummyReport this review
Sweet and sour noodles5
This is an absolutely wonderful product. Makes me able to stay focused and on plan. Great taste and texture.Report this review
Noodles3
This was not too bad. I followed the instructions on the packet but it did not really look like the picture. The taste was not unpleasant though and I would order it again.Report this review
Tasty5
This is my go to hot meal replacement, Tastes delicious. I occasionally enhance the flavour with dry spices or zero carb/calorie sauces.Report this reviewApproximately one month after its spin off from parent company Accelrys, Pharmacopeia Drug Discovery finds itself shaping a new business strategy that focuses on increasing R&D spending to support both collaborative and internal drug discovery.
In addition, company officials told Inside Bioassays last week that “at least 50 percent” of its assay platforms and services are cell-based as opposed to biochemical-based, and that percentage should continue to grow as PDD leverages proprietary techniques such as episomal transfection agents and assay miniaturization technology.
PDD, which completed its spin off from Accelrys (formerly Pharmacopeia) in early May, will now trade as an independent company on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol “PCOP.” The newly anointed Accelrys, meanwhile, has moved forward as a separate scientific software company. On May 20, it officially changed its name from Pharmacopeia, and is currently traded on Nasdaq under the symbol “ACCL.” (See BioInform, 5/10/2004, Inside Bioassays’ sister publication, for more details.)
Pharmacopeia has forged partnerships with several major pharmaceutical companies over the past few years, and has successfully guided four compounds to clinical trials with those partners. While the new PDD will continue this work of bringing lead compounds to the doorstep of pharma partners, it will also greatly increase efforts to cultivate drug candidates through an internal drug discovery program.
“It’s a two-pronged business strategy,” said Simon Tomlinson, PDD’s senior vice president for business development, “the first element being to continue with what has been very successful for us, which is collaborative drug discovery. The second is to ramp up what in the past has been a very modest effort for us, which is internal drug discovery.”
Tomlinson characterized PDD’s collaborative strategy as being from “target through to development,” where the company offers assay development and miniaturization; “almost any kind of screen with any kind of readout”; and screening against its own or a collaborator’s compound library.
“Then we take the hits or actives that we discover in screening, and then launch discovery, medicinal chemistry … and in vitro pharmacology campaigns to develop what we and others term ‘development candidates,’” Tomlinson said. At this stage, a drug is ready for ADME/Tox screening, animal testing, and clinical trials, and this “is increasingly our preferred hand-off point in drug discovery,” he added.
In terms of internal drug development, Tomlinson said that PDD has a “nice, healthy revenue position,” with a “modest burn of $46 million that we’re going to be able to invest more in doing internal discovery.” This initiative will be characterized by technologies and capabilities similar to those employed in the company’s collaborative drug discovery program, with the hopes of “advancing compounds to at least development candidate” stage.
“That development candidate we would potentially seek to … outlicense,” Tomlinson said. “Depending on what the economics of doing that look like, we may invest in taking the compounds forward, but almost certainly outsourcing the in vivo work required at that point.”
When asked what potential therapeutic areas PDD would consider for internal drug discovery, Tomlinson said that the company is “just in the process of looking at this. It’s an internal discussion that we’re really involved in right now.”
Cell-Based Tools
According to David Dunn, PDD’s assistant director of drug discovery, a majority of the company’s tools have been thoroughly validated for a cell-based approach. This is particularly important because “at least 50 percent of its assays are cell-based as opposed to biochemical,” he said.
“In terms of the growth of cell-based screening … it’s fair to say we’ve seen a doubling in the amount of cell-based screening as well as … utilization of assays for lead optimization over the past five years,” Dunn said.
“In terms of capabilities, we have a lot of capabilities that our collaborators have in this area,” he added. “We have the capability of doing all the cellular-type work that our customers ask us to do — the basic set of tools. In addition to that, we have some unique tools and capabilities,” he added.
Perhaps one of the most important of these tools, according to Dunn, is PDD’s episomal transfection technology for expressing particular receptors or other types of proteins in cells. This technique, which is relatively new, is now becoming more widespread, according to Dunn, but PDD “has been using it for the last five years and has a lot of internal expertise” in the area.
Dunn said that the composition of the cDNA episomal constructs allows them to replicate autonomously in the cell — meaning DNA integration of the genes is not necessary for expression. What that translates into is the ability to generate cell lines that express receptors in “two to three weeks, as opposed to months for standard transfection,” he said. In addition, he said that scientists “can generate these clones with high expression levels.”
Another specific strength for cell-based screens that Dunn cited is the instrumentation for assay miniaturization. Specifically, he said that Pharmacopeia was one of the first to use 1,536-well-plate screening (the company now uses Corning ultra-low-volume microplates), and that the company makes the BlueBird micro-drop liquid dispenser to enable such assays.
“The most challenging process in doing ultra-high-throughput screening in sub-microliter liquid volumes is liquid handling,” Dunn said. The BlueBird, he said, can deliver volumes down to 100 nL. Such small volumes are crucial in any screening campaign because of the desire to conserve reagents and drug candidates, but particularly in cell-based screens, in which live, transfected cells are an extremely valuable resource.
Lastly, Dunn alluded to a variety of read-out instruments — most of which are CCD-based and many of which Pharmacopeia helped develop early on in its existence.
It remains to be seen how successful PDD will be in internal drug discovery, but the company certainly has the appropriate tools in place: In addition to its assay platforms, Tomlinson said that the company has a “very large collection of proprietary drug-like small molecules — about seven-and-a-half million compounds, which we synthesized using our combinatorial approach to chemistry.”
But for now, the company will have to sustain itself on revenues generated from pharma collaborations that were established by Pharmacopeia.
So far, it has helped bring four compounds to clinical trials with three pharma partners: A drug targeting p38 kinase for rheumatoid arthritis with Bristol-Myers Squibb; a drug for an undisclosed indication with Daiichi; and two compounds with Schering-Plough for respiratory and inflammatory indications. Each of these has clinical milestone and possible royalty payoffs, but each is only in Phase I trials.
In addition, though, Tomlinson said that the company has major new collaborations in the works, but declined to disclose with whom and for what indications.
The company is also busying itself with finding a permanent CEO and president. Joseph Mollica, who was president, chairman, and CEO of Pharmacopeia prior to the spin-off and name change, is currently the acting CEO and president of PDD. According to Tomlinson, this situation works fine for now.
“I’m not close to the situation myself,” Tomlinson said. “But we don’t feel any particular pressure — it’s not like we have an empty chair. We’ve got [Joe], who knows our business inside-out, running the show. As he will continue on as chairman of the board, there will be a very smooth transition, we think, to the new CEO.”
—BBMichael Jordan’s Highland Park, IL home will be up for auction on November 22nd. So if you have a ton of spare Bitcoin cash laying around you might want to bid on this sick house.
The 56,000 sq ft abode boasts enough bedrooms to fit your whole basketball team, a wine cellar, a card room, a home theater, and a walk in humidor. There is so much going on with this place you have to see it for yourself. Take a look at the pictures and video tour.
Whoever does buy it please invite me over for a party!![PIC] 131221 Greg Priester with Girl’s Day Sojin & Hyeri @ Star King Recording
Note: Greg Priester sang a duet with Sojin on the December 21st broadcast of Star King. They covered the song, “Scar Deeper Than Love” by Lena Park & Yim Jaebeom.
Source: Greg Priester
Thanks To: DAI5Y ChileDelivery
All orders are shipped by Canada Post. A delivery period of 5 to 12 working days is required.
The delivery rate is fixed at $15 for anywhere in Canada.
Delivery is free on orders of $100 or more.
Gift cards are sent free of charge by regular mail.
Delivery policy
Please note that credit card information must be verified and authorized before an order can be processed.
Our carriers deliver on business days, excluding holidays.
Please allow two to three additional working days for delivery in rural areas.
Each order is shipped in a durable plastic bag or cardboard box, depending on its content.LIMITED QUANTITIES ONLY
Preorder price: 2105
Suggested retail price: 24
 as well. Be sure to add him to your collection!They saw it in ways big and small. At Loch Bar, employees noticed the Black customers would be seated in the worst spots. At Azumi, a server says that nine out of 10 people stopped from entering for dress code issues were African American. And at Ouzo Bay, The Bygone and other high-end eateries in the Atlas Restaurant Group, Black customers say they felt humiliated when they were stopped and sometimes barred from entering because of dress codes they say were unfairly enforced based on race.
Atlas owns 15 restaurants and bars in Baltimore, along with a few establishments in Florida and Texas and one soon-to-open spot in Washington, D.C. Many of the businesses, in the city’s upscale Harbor East neighborhood, are among the go-to spots for Baltimore’s movers and shakers.
Late last month, a Black mother and her 9-year-old son were denied entrance to Ouzo Bay because the boy was wearing athletic clothes. Videos the mother took of the incident have been viewed millions of times online. In the video, the mother, Marcia Grant, points to a white boy at the restaurant, saying he was wearing shorts similar to her son’s.
Several former employees and Black would-be patrons at Atlas restaurants say this was not an isolated case at the restaurant group. They say it is part of a longstanding pattern of discrimination against African Americans.
Apprised of the allegations, Atlas on Thursday released statements from four Black employees and two Black contractors who vehemently disputed claims of racial discrimination. They emphasized that the dress codes are applied fairly to everyone and praised Atlas as a good place to work.
But former employees and customers The Sun spoke to point to multiple incidents. A former employee of the restaurant group says a manager didn’t want to stock a liquor heavily marketed to Black people. Former Ravens player Jason Murphy, who is Black, was stopped on his birthday in August 2018 from going into The Bygone because he was wearing casual shoes, according to his wife — even as she watched white men wearing similar shoes being allowed to enter.
“Almost every Black person has an Atlas story,” said Murphy’s wife, Robyn, director of communications and strategic partnerships at Center Stage. She is Black. She recalls feeling disappointed and panicked because they had reserved a large space. Eventually, after asking to speak to a manager and taking pictures of white men’s shoes that were similar to her husband’s, she said, they were allowed in. But she and her husband were angry. Jason Murphy corroborated her account.
Alex Smith, founder and president of Atlas, said in a recent interview with The Baltimore Sun that he wants everyone to feel welcome at his restaurants.
“Our restaurants are some of the most inclusive and diverse restaurants in this city. Period. Not only from an employee standpoint, but also from a customer standpoint. And that’s a fact,” Smith said. “And we are not trying to exclude anybody by using a dress code.”
He says the dress codes aim to elevate the guest experience.
Smith’s initial public stance about the video was conciliatory. He said he fired the two employees in the video, dropped the dress code for children under 12 and would conduct diversity and inclusion training for Atlas staff.
However, on Thursday, Scott Marder, Atlas’ attorney, released a statement pushing back at allegations of racism, criticizing the boy’s mother and stating that the white boy in the video was wearing J. Crew khaki shorts that complied with the dress code, while the Black boy’s attire did not.
Atlas also pointed to its charitable giving and noted that during the pandemic, the company had begun forming a foundation to more effectively target donations in Baltimore city. The statement also said Atlas has distributed more than 7,000 bags of groceries.
Citing a looming lawsuit by the family in the video, spokesman Joe Sweeney declined requests to interview the employees and contractors who submitted statements in support of Atlas.
One of the employees, Rodney Winkler, general manager at Ouzo Bay, wrote: “I feel it’s horrendous for anyone to assume Atlas Restaurant Groups dress code is racially motivated. I am an African American man [and] proud to be a part of the Atlas Restaurant Family.”
But there have been warning signs of issues of race at Atlas. Last September, Atlas came under fire amid allegations of a discriminatory dress code at the Choptank in Fells Point; Smith defended the dress code but dropped some of its restrictions. Baltimore author D. Watkins publicly discussed his one-man boycott of Atlas, alleging the dress codes were discriminatory after he says he was barred from Loch Bar in February 2019 because of a dress code violation. And Robyn Murphy says she vividly recalls having a conversation with Smith about the incident on her husband’s birthday.
Smith did not respond to questions from The Sun about his prior awareness of such concerns.
The business has faced fallout since the video of Grant and her son, Dallas, drew national attention and outrage, including public protests and calls for a boycott from state Sen. Jill P. Carter. Baltimore City Council President Brandon Scott, the Democratic nominee for mayor, has called on Atlas to lift its dress code policy at all locations. Councilwoman Mary Pat Clarke says she plans to introduce a resolution to the City Council on Monday that urges Atlas to drop its dress code at all restaurants.
In the statement released Thursday, Marder accused Scott and Carter of trying “to use this incident to their advantage” and said they owed Atlas’ workforce “an immediate, public apology.”
Two Atlas restaurants dropped their dress codes at the request of their landlord, the Four Seasons Hotel. Atlas also scaled back the dress code at many other properties. Before they were changed, the dress codes varied by restaurant; some banned athletic wear, sneakers, and baggy clothes.
Dress codes like Atlas’ can be used to selectively block Black people from restaurants and other spaces, according to one expert.
“It’s the concept that if you are suited and booted, you will be able to have access to these spaces,” said David Wall Rice, professor of psychology and head of the identity, art and democracy lab at Morehouse College. “Respectability politics is very much about fitting in. ... Black folk are told that they are not enough. ... They are told they need to perform and fit in with dominant culture. That has to deal with dress, general conformity, how you speak, code-switching. It is about acceptable behavior or safe or allowable behaviors in these spaces.”
World champion boxer Franchón Crews-Dezurn says she had to navigate this on June 12, when she went to meet a friend for dinner in Harbor East. Aside from her diamond stud earrings and Chanel bag, she recalled, she was outfitted in Under Armour: white shoes, a matching three-quarter-length sleeve top, mid-thigh shorts and a camisole.
Crews-Dezurn, who is Black, asked to be seated al fresco at Ouzo Bay, she says, but was denied because she didn’t have a reservation. She said the seats at the restaurant, which was only serving patrons outside, were empty. Next, she walked to nearby Loch Bar, where she was told by an employee she was dressed inappropriately. Meanwhile, she said, white people sat nearby in more casual cargo shorts and T-shirts.
“Coming out of the pandemic, my money isn’t good enough [for Atlas restaurants]. It was embarrassing,” Crews-Dezurn recalled.
Employees recall incidents
Atlas employees, several who worked at the restaurants up until this week, say they’ve witnessed racial bias and, in some cases, have spoken to management. The five employees interviewed by The Sun, all of whom are white, described a toxic culture where discrimination was regularly displayed.
Kenzie Cockerill, a server at Azumi from 2015 to 2017, recalled seeing numerous customers being denied entry to the restaurant during her time working there because of the dress code. “Nine out of 10 of them were Black,” she said.
Cockerill recalled complaining to the hostess after noticing a pattern.
“She [The hostess] said, ‘Yeah, I know it sucks, but I can’t let them in.’ We were denying a table of four to five people, and it was money we would have been getting,” Cockerill recalled arguing.
Cockerill can recall only one white customer not being allowed in because of a dress code violation. He was wearing cargo shorts. She said she saw Black customers barred for a myriad of dress code violations while white customers were allowed in wearing the same attire.
“I once asked why a white woman was allowed to wear a hat, and I was told that her hat was stylish and that it matched the restaurant’s style and it was acceptable,” Cockerill said. She later quit, she said.
Will Perrotta worked as a bartender at the Atlas Group’s Loch Bar from March 2016 to June 2016. He said he was disturbed by the treatment of Black patrons.
“The seats near the bar were like cafeteria seating. No one wanted to sit there. That’s where they put the Black customers,” Perrotta said.
And when it came time to stock liquor for the bar, Perrotta said, one of the managers told him he didn’t purchase certain alcohol brands like Ciroc, a high-end vodka, because it attracted Black patrons. Hip-hop mogul Sean “Diddy” Combs is a partner in the brand.
“He said, ‘I’m not going to order Ciroc because that brings in a clientele that I don’t want,” Perrotta recalled. He said he was uncomfortable with that and left the job as a result.
On Thursday, The Sun contacted bartenders at several Atlas restaurants — Loch Bar, Ouzo Beach, Ouzo Bay, Azumi, Tagliata and Choptank. None of the businesses sell Ciroc.
A former server who worked at Atlas from June 2017 to mid-March of this year, Amelia Randall, said some managers assumed that Black guests wouldn’t spend as much money, would tip poorly or would complain about the food.
She added this created a self-fulfilling prophecy, whereby Black guests received poor treatment, then complained. “The managers will just be like, ‘Yeah, well, what did you expect?’” Randall said. She said she witnessed people frequently turned away because of the dress code — in particular, she said people of color and people who appeared not to have the money to spend.
“I also know that the dress code does not apply to specific people,” Randall said. “There are guests who are allowed to do and wear whatever they want.”
While owner Alex Smith has touted the patronage of Black celebrities such as Drake, Randall said that ordinary Black diners might be turned away over a dress code violation.
Smith last week said he was unaware of the allegation that Black celebrities are welcome while everyday Black diners could be refused over attire: “I think that’s absolutely disgusting. And that’s the first I’m hearing of it. And it’s not something that we do or practice.”
Randall said she was laid off in mid-March because of the pandemic and turned down an offer to return because she was worried about exposure to COVID-19.
Server Jenna Burlakoti says she worked at Loch Bar for a month before quitting June 25. She recalled that in mid-June, when the restaurant was doing reservations but also accepting walk-ins, a friend of Burlakoti’s came in. Burlakoti seated her friend, who is Black, at the bar, which had the same dress code as the restaurant. A manager told her friend that she had to leave because she was not dressed appropriately. Burlakoti said her friend was wearing black legging shorts, which came to the knee, and a button-down shirt over a tank top.
Burlakoti later questioned the manager about asking her friend to leave, since the restaurant had a more relaxed dress code earlier in the day.
“As far as I know, she had until 5:30,” Burlakoti remembered telling the manager. “They said as of that day, the [more restrictive] dress code began at 3:30.”
After the video incident, Burlakoti said, Atlas management emailed employees saying Smith would be available to talk with staff. Burlakoti met with Smith and a human resources employee for about an hour, she said. She recalled telling them that there was a race issue in the unequal application of the dress code, but that Smith told her it was not a race issue, and people were upset because a child was involved.
Atlas’ attorney, Scott Marder, said in his statement Thursday that while “former disgruntled employees, and others, will make allegations against Atlas, “it does not mean the allegations are true or made with pure motivation.”
Other employee statements Atlas released Thursday dispute allegations of racial discrimination and proudly describe a business where standards are high and leaders care about customers’ experience.
Simon Brown is general manager of The Bygone restaurant and identified himself as an African American. He wrote: “I have never in my 25 years in this business felt more included and that my voice means something as I do here at Atlas. It pained me to watch the incident at Ouzo Bay. It also pained me greatly to watch what the fallout was from it. I emphatically tell you and will repeat until everyone hears me, I do not work for a racist group. Did we make a huge mistake? 100%. Will we all learn from this and be better immediately? 100%. This can be and will be a teaching and learning point for a lot of people.”
Antonio Fliggins wrote that his company, Host Entertainment Services, has provided security at all the Atlas properties for more than two years. According to Sweeney, Fliggins’ employees help with dress code enforcement at the Atlas restaurants.
His company “has never discriminated or targeted anyone because of color, gender or religion,” wrote Fliggins, who is Black. “Neither has Atlas Restaurants ever instructed my company to do so.”
The company “has never [witnessed] any racism or discrimination to any minorities or people of color. The dress code, rules and policies of Atlas Restaurants are in no way to target any specific group or individuals.”
Black customers recount experiences
But people like Baltimore author Watkins said that his experience, and that of other Black customers, has been that these are not isolated incidents. He boycotts the restaurants.
“I’d rather eat out of a dumpster than at an Atlas restaurant,” he said last week.
Woodlawn resident Nadine Bellot, who worked as the executive assistant to the general manager of Four Seasons Hotel Baltimore from 2014 to 2018, frequented all the Atlas Group restaurants.
Bellot, who is Black, considered herself a regular at a number of their restaurants — knowing bartenders, servers and managers from her days as an employee at the hotel.
“I was off and just decided to go [to Azumi one day.] I had on sneakers and a casual outfit,” she recalled about a day she walked in with her mother.
An employee spotted Bellot’s white Nike Air Max 270 sneakers and told Bellot that she couldn’t sit in the restaurant. Bellot said she observed several white women wearing sneakers and Docksider shoes that she considered equally casual.
“I was hungry. I was upset. The first thing you feel is embarrassed,” Bellot said. She eventually was allowed to sit at the bar when a bartender recognized her.
“And then we sat there angry the whole time. Clearly, I saw the difference. Some people are able to come in. Some people are not. They absolutely pick and choose,” she said.
Bellot questions how certain Black patrons are treated.
“Do I have to be Champagne Papi? Do I have to be Drake to dine there?” she asked. “These policies are created to police black bodies. They have always had an air of, ‘We’ll take your money, but we don’t want you to be there.’”
Erika Maddox, who is Black, says she was a regular at Ouzo Bay until a hostess refused to admit her in May 2017 because of a dress code violation.
She was wearing distressed jeans that she had worn there before when she was turned away. Then Maddox spotted a white woman seated at the bar — which she said had the same dress code as the restaurant — in yoga pants and a tank top, with dripping wet hair. It’s unclear what the dress code was at the time.
“It was humiliating and embarrassing, especially because there were people who were around me wearing the same thing I was wearing,” Maddox said. “I agree that there should be a dress code. It’s necessary, but it needs to be equally enforced....You can fire the managers, but they’re just doing their job. We need to take a closer look at the CEOs and the unequal policies in place.”
Seeking solutions
Last week, Henry Walters, a bartender at several Atlas Group restaurants including Ouzo Bay, Ouzo Beach and Maximon, said he reached out to top leadership at Atlas with a seven-point-proposal outlining how to repair relationships with Marcia Grant and her son, as well as the Black community in Baltimore.
Walters, who is white, has worked for the group since spring of last year, said he and other employees were disgusted by the Ouzo Bay video.
He said when he met with the owners this week, Smith told him that “Black leaders” supported the dress code because it was a “safety issue.” Walters recalled Smith saying that Black leaders told him getting rid of the dress code was a bad idea.
In the interview with The Sun last week, Smith said Atlas had asked for feedback from prominent people of color in the community on the dress codes. He declined to name them.
Walters said the hour-long meeting with Smith, Smith’s brother, Eric, and a member of the company’s human resources team accomplished nothing.
“I feel like I was naïve to think that I could really go in there with Bible verses and have the changes that I wanted and need to have them take place,” Walters said. “I was lying to myself. I was lying to myself working there. I was lying to myself that I had the power to make the changes that needed to be made,” he said.
Walters added: “I think that the restaurant group is in need of radical change.” This past weekend, he quit.
Atlas is forming an advisory board that will discuss dress codes, among other issues, according to spokesman Sweeney. The company had announced it would would conduct diversity and inclusion training for staff.
Black patrons who spoke with The Sun say they just want to be treated like everyone else. Said Robyn Murphy: “We also have expectations of doing the nice things in town and want to be treated equally.”
Baltimore Sun reporter Christina Tkacik contributed to this article.
Latest Sun Investigates
Tatyana Turner is a 2020-21 corps member for Report for America, an initiative of the GroundTruth Project, a national service program that places emerging journalists in local newsrooms. She covers African-American neighborhoods, life and culture.Washington, DC – Today, U.S. Senator Tammy Baldwin announced that she has been named to serve on the U.S. Senate Committee on Appropriations. The Senate Appropriations Committee, considered to be one of the most powerful on Capitol Hill, is responsible for deciding how the federal government spends money.
“I am proud to be named to the Senate Appropriations Committee and I look forward to bringing our Wisconsin values to the national conversation about how we invest in moving our economy forward,” said Baldwin. “Our economy in Wisconsin is lagging, so my top priority is working to build a strong Made in Wisconsin economy that creates economic growth and shared prosperity for our state. I will continue to focus on investing in job training and workforce readiness; making higher education more affordable; strengthening our manufacturing economy; and growing small business start-ups by supporting innovation, science and research.”
Previously, Senator Herb Kohl served on U.S. Senate Committee on Appropriations from 1993 to 2013. Congressman Dave Obey served as Chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Appropriations from 1994 to 1995 and 2007 to 2011.
“Both Senator Kohl and Congressman Obey gave Wisconsin a strong voice on appropriations and I am committed to doing the same. We have a lot of work to do to move our economy forward and create upward income mobility, so I look forward to working across party lines on the committee to invest in an economy that is built to last so that we can strengthen and grow our middle class,” said Senator Baldwin.
Senator Baldwin’s appointment will take effect when the 114th Congress begins its session in January. She will also continue to serve on the U.S. Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions (HELP), the Senate Budget Committee, and the U.S. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs.BIG BOY
ARENA
Motor City Hockey Summer Camp
This program does not have flex training. Enrollment for this program is exclusively to Wednesday only for the time slot you are registering for.
June 16 - August 25 9 weeks $450.00
No Ice: July 21 & July 28
Expected Schedule: All skates will be held at Big Boy Arena. Times may be altered 5-10 minutes but likely will be the following below.
10AM-11AM Grades 4-8 Defense Specific
11AM-12PM Grades 4-8 Advanced Skills
12PM-1PM- Grades 7-12 Advanced Skills
Tina Ciraulo
Girls Summer Camp
Both Days
$600
January 3, 2012
What is the Difference Between Medicare and Medi-Cal? There is a very large difference between Medicare and Medi-Cal (Medicaid) and people confuse the two all the time. So which program is which and what do they cover?
Medicare is a federally funded entitlement program to provide health insurance primarily to Americans over the age of 65 and many individuals with disabilities.
There are several parts to Medicare:
Part A covers hospital bills, post-hospital nursing home stays and home health care,
Part B covers medical insurance and pays most basic doctor and lab costs, and some out-patient medical services, including medical equipment and supplies, home health care, and physical therapy
Part C covers some of the costs of prescription medication.
Medi-Cal (Medicaid) on the other hand is a federal program, administered by the State of California, that pays for certain health services and nursing home care for older people with low incomes and limited assets. It also pays for some long-term care services at home and in the community. Medi-Cal covers a broader range of services and people than Medicare, including children, pregnant women, parents of eligible children, seniors and individuals with disabilities. Its greatest difference from Medicare is that Medi-Cal is based on need and financial resources. In order to qualify a person must fall into a covered group and meet the financial needs test.
Medicare generally doesn’t pay for long-term care. Medicare also doesn’t pay for help with activities of daily living or other care that most people can do themselves or that can be provided by family or non-medical personnel. Medicare only covers a small amount of the nursing home care provided in the United States, and only under very limited circumstances, making the hope of Medicare paying the bill quite difficult.
Medicare pays for 20 days of full coverage if you go into a skilled nursing facility after at least three days in the hospital, so long as you are receiving skilled care and not custodial care. If you still need skilled care after the first 20 days, you can get up to 80 additional days of partial coverage from Medicare, but that coverage comes with strict requirements in order to quality. If you are receiving rehabilitation, you must make progress each day. If you reach a point where you are no longer making progress Medicare will stop paying. When the Medicare coverage ceases, you will have to pay out-of-pocket unless you have private long-term care insurance or qualify for Medicaid (“Medi-Cal” in California) benefits.
If you need “custodial care” rather than care associated with an injury or illness Medicare won’t pay a dime. Custodial care is defined by Medicare as help with activities of daily living, like dressing, bathing, going to the bathroom and eating. This is the kind of care that can be safely and reasonably provided by people without professional skills or training – like your family. Custodial care is also called “long-term care” and is the type of care that most people will need as they approach the end of their lives.
If you need custodial care there are a couple of alternatives to pay for it. First, you could purchase long-term care insurance – provided you are healthy enough and can afford the premiums. Many policies can also be used to pay for assisted living and in-home care, as well as skilled nursing care. Second, you can pay for everything directly out of your pocket. Third, if you qualify, Medi-Cal will pay for your care under certain circumstances. Finally, Veteran’s and widow(er)s of veterans may receive a Special Monthly Pension called “Aid & Attendance.” This benefit is based on a person’s assets and income. If approved for Aid & Attendance, the person will receive additional monthly income to help pay for the cost of health care.
As you can see, planning for long-term care requires thinking about possible future health care needs. It is important that you look at all of your choices. You will have more control over decisions and be able to stay independent if you do. It is important to think about long-term care before the need for care arises or before a crisis occurs.
So do you really need a Medi-cal Planner or can you figure all of this out on your own? Some will say that they are healthy and can put this type of planning off until they get sick. Others will have more peace of mind knowing that planning in advance for any sickness or disability allows them to avoid surprises and risk to their estate. The correct answer is that doing planning in advance can and will always turn out better than waiting until a loved one falls ill and is facing a forced spend down of their assets to pay for care.How to Obtain a Credit Loan in Korea for Non-Koreans
Like all finance-related matters for non-citizens in Korea, the question of whether a personal credit loan is obtainable or not is a tricky one with many determining factors. To answer it in a nutshell- it is possible for a non-Korean citizen to obtain a bank credit loan- albeit not so simple. For banks, their understandablyWe use cookies to collect information about how you use this website. We use this information to make the website work as well as possible and improve Ofsted services.
Check Ofsted's COVID-19 updates to see how inspections and reports are affected.
URN: 132009
Get email alerts when we publish a new report
06 July 2010
03 December 2008
19 June 2007
10 January 2003
Feedback
Tell us how satisfied you are with your website visit today.High in the canopy of a Latin American rainforest, a bright yellow, orange, and black butterfly flutters along. It is a Heliconid butterfly, looking fora passion flower vine to lay her eggs on.
She is one soldier in a war for survival between Heliconid butterflies and passion flower vines. For the butterflies, the goal is to lay their eggs; for the vines, to keep from being eaten.
When the eggs hatch, the Heliconid caterpillars will feed on the vine’s leaves. Most insects can’t do this, because passion flower vines are poisonous.
Poison as protection
Heliconid caterpillars can eat these leaves safely. In fact, for them, the poison is an advantage: it stays in the caterpillars, making them poisonous…so birds that would otherwise eat them leave them alone.
And when these Heliconid caterpillars grow up and turn into butterflies, the chemicals still remain. Heliconid butterflies too are poisonous.
Sometimes, passion flower vines start producing a new poison that works even on Heliconids…but in a while, news types of Heliconids develop that are immune to the news poison. The struggle for survival between plants and plant-eaters goes on and on.
Advertising and false advertising
Of course, being poisonous is no protection unless animals that might eat you know you’re poisonous…so a Heliconid butterfly advertises. It wears bright colors that are easy to recognize.
Like a security alarm sticker on a house, the Heliconid’s coloring gives a warning: <<Don’t mess with me. I am dangerous!>>
Other kinds of poisonous butterflies imitate the way the Heliconids look, to show that they too are dangerous to eat.
But imitation goes further. Butterflies don’t own copyrights on their colors…so some butterflies that are not poisonous also look like Heliconids. They are trying to tric predators into leaving them alon – by pretending they are dangerous to eat.
Caterpillars, keep off!
In this war, the passion flower vines fight back. Poison is just the beginning. Here are some other means that passion flower vines use to get rid of Heliconid caterpillars.
disguises – Some passion flower vines produce leaves that look like the leaves of other kinds of plants. If the butterflies think they aren’t passion flower vines, they won’t try to lay their eggs here.
guards – On occasion, passion flower vines get ants to guard them. The vines supply a special nectar that the ants like to eat. In exchange, the ants pick off any young Heliconids that develop on the vines’ leaves.
fake eggs – A passion flower may grow imitation eggs. When the butterfly comes to lay her eggs, she thinks that the leaf is already occupied…and goes off to look for an empty vine.
weapons – Some passion flower species grow hooked hairs on the surface of their leaves. These hairs kill the caterpillars.
dumpers – Since Heliconids like to lay their eggs on the tendrils of the vine, some vines grow special extra weak tendrils. When an egg laid on one begins to develop and becomes heavier, the dumper tendril can’t hold its weight anymore, and the egg falls off.Private Events
Host an Event.
Planning a birthday, retirement, graduation or family party? We, at Britannia Arms Cupertino, welcome you to celebrate your joyous occasions with us! We encourage our patrons to contact us as soon as possible to make reservations. Ask for tommy, owner and manager of Britannia Arms Cupertino, for details about dining space, calendar events, and special requests.
New!!! We are now accepting karaoke party reservations. Please submit the form to get more information.A twist on our everyday claw clip. These claw clips were inspired by our favorite childhood accessories while also designed to hold a full head of hair with no pull. The perfect accessory to wear poolside or with your favorite little dress.
• Color: beige
• size - large 8 cm
Note - the price is only for one clip, how to evaluate the attempts of others to persuade you, and how to recognize unethical attempts at persuasion. (1.5 credit hours)
Conflict is a central feature of human behavior on interpersonal, organization, societal, and international levels. In this course, we explore the psychology of disputes, the nature and sources of conflict, and the ways in which conflict and human emotion can disrupt or make business organizations dysfunctional. As we examine the nature of conflict, we'll explore behavioral responses and theoretical approaches to it, and offer a wide range of alternatives to working through conflict. This course is highly practical and will offer you an opportunity to apply current research findings as you interactively participate in conflict resolutions. (1.5 credit hours)
Whether you are operating a global business or working within a highly diverse American workplace, effective intercultural communication skills are critical.)
Arthur F. and Mary J. O'Neil DirectorFanning Center for Business Communication(574) 631-4827James.S.ORourke.2@nd.edu
Administrative AssistantFanning Center for Business Communication(574) 631-4827Judy.L.Bradford.26@nd.edu
© 2010 Mendoza College of Business, University of Notre Dame, Notre Dame, Indiana 46556-5646Latest updates
Latest Update: Friday 26th November
24-hour lane closures are in place until late 2021.
Until mid-November, work will be taking place at the junction of Trafford Road and The Quays.
__A section of The Quays will be closed from Monday 29th November - See below for more information. __
- Dates
- November 2020 onwards
- Locations
- Between Regent Road roundabout and Ordsall Lane
Advice for drivers
24-hour lane closures that could impact on your journey have commenced.
A section of The Quays will be closed from Monday 29th November until Friday 3rd December between Boradway and Anchrage Quay:
- Monday 29th and Tuesday 30th November - No Entry to The Quays between 10:30am-17:30pm. A diversion route will be in place via the Quays, Trafford Road and Broadway.
__- Wednesday 1 December, Thursday 2nd December and Friday 3rd December - No Entry to The Quays between 8:30am-15:30pm. A diversion route will be in place via the Quays, Trafford Road and Broadway. __
The works are currently causing delays. Allow an extra 10 minutes for your journey in the afternoon/evening between 4pm and 7pm.
This page will continue to be updated throughout the works, giving you alternative travel options and the best times to travel.
Cycling and Walking.
If travelling from or towards the Trafford area remember there is a segregated cycle lane on the A56 Chester Road that links Sale to Old Trafford.
Alternative travel
Metrolink
On weekdays, all Metrolink lines will run at a 12-minute frequency until 7pm when they will then operate every 20 minutes.
If you travel before 7am there is an Early Bird ticketing offer. Click here for more information.
There is also a new ticketing offer which offers more flexible travel on Metrolink. Click here for more information.
Capacity warning - All Metrolink services heading into the city centre between 5-6pm are very busy and it may not be possible to socially distance. Travel before 5pm or after 6pm or walk to Wharfside to catch a tram which will have more space available.
If you’re travelling from west Manchester, considering using a free Metrolink Park and Ride including Parkway on the newly opened Trafford Park Line.
- Ladywell 250 spaces – 25-minute journey to the City Centre
- Parkway 50 spaces - 15 minute journey to the City Centre (via Cornbrook)
Click here for a graph showing the best times to travel on the tram
Bus
Bus services will still operate during these works but there might be minor delays at times.
The 53 bus serves Cheetham Hill - Higher Crumpsall - Old Trafford - Pendleton. Please note: At present the 53 service is unable to serve stops on The Quays in both directions. It will divert via Broadway and still serve the Lowry and MediaCityUK.
Customers in the area can also take the 50 service which serves East Didsbury - Burnage - Birchfields - Salford - The Lowry. Board and alight the service on Broadway.Antibodies against the coronavirus declined rapidly among hundreds of thousands of people involved in a British study, suggesting that immunity after infection may not last long, according to reports.
Scientists at Imperial College London tracked antibody levels in the British population after the first wave of infections in March and April, Reuters reported.
Antibody prevalence fell by a quarter, from 6 percent of the population around the end of June to just 4.4 percent in September – raising the prospect of decreasing immunity ahead of a second wave of infections, according to the outlet.
Imperial’s study — based on a survey of 365,000 randomly selected adults who received finger-prick tests — was released as a pre-print paper, and has not yet been peer-reviewed.
“We observe a significant decline in the proportion of the population with detectable antibodies over three rounds of national surveillance, using a self-administered lateral flow test, 12, 18 and 24 weeks after the first peak of infections in England,” the team wrote, according to CNN.
“This is consistent with evidence that immunity to seasonal coronaviruses declines over 6 to 12 months after infection and emerging data on SARS-CoV-2 that also detected a decrease over time in antibody levels in individuals followed in longitudinal studies,” it added.
For health care workers, the IgG antibody rates stayed about the same, according to the study, which was published Monday by Imperial College London and market research company Ipsos MORI.
Antibodies are proteins the body generates to fight infection. IgG are one type, but the tests were not designed to detect other types of antibodies.
Other researchers have found that different kinds of antibodies may last longer than IgG does, according to CNN.
Getty Images
“We can see the antibodies and we can see them declining and we know that antibodies on their own are quite protective,” Wendy Barclay, head of the Department of Infectious Disease at Imperial College London, said at a press conference.
“On the balance of evidence I would say, with what we know for other coronaviruses, it would look as if immunity declines away at the same rate as antibodies decline away, and that this is an indication of waning immunity at the population level,” she added.
Those for whom the infection was confirmed with a PCR, or polymerase chain reaction, test had a less pronounced decline in antibodies, compared to those who had been asymptomatic and unaware of their infection.
The study backs up findings from similar surveys in Germany that found the vast majority of people didn’t have antibodies — and that antibodies might fade among those who do, according to Reuters.
A World Health Organization spokesman said that uncertainty over how long immunity would last and the fact that most people had never had antibodies against the disease in the first place showed the importance of breaking transmission chains.
“Acquiring this collective immunity just by letting virus run through the population is not really an option,” Tarik Jasarevic told a UN briefing in Geneva.
Barclay noted that the rapid decrease in antibodies did not necessarily have implications for the efficacy of vaccine candidates undergoing clinical trials.
“A good vaccine may well be better than natural immunity,” she said.
The study also found that younger people who have recovered from the disease had a slower loss of antibodies, compared to survivors older than 75, according to CNN.
Still, not enough is known to determine if antibodies provide any effective level of immunity or how long people may be immune to reinfection with the illness.
The study also did not use samples from the same people over and over again, but from different people over time – and it’s possible that people who had been exposed to the bug were less likely to take part over time and that may have skewed the results, researchers noted.
“This very large study has shown that the proportion of people with detectable antibodies is falling over time,” Helen Ward, who is on the faculty of medicine at Imperial College London, said in a statement, CNN reported.
“We don’t yet know whether this will leave these people at risk of reinfection with the virus that causes COVID-19, but it is essential that everyone continues to follow guidance to reduce the risk to themselves and others,” added Ward, who took part in the study.
Dr. Claudia Hoyen, who specializes in pediatric infectious diseases at University Hospitals of Cleveland, said the study suggests that at least where antibodies are concerned, COVID-19 acts like other coronaviruses.
“This study is really like the first piece of the puzzle that actually gives us the indication that, yes, these antibodies don’t seem to stick around for everybody,” Hoyen told CNN.
“At least in this case, this virus is sort of acting like we can predict, which is a good thing because everything about this virus has been so off the wall,” she said, adding that the study also “cements the fact that we’re going to be in masks for a while.”Gearhead News
April 21, 2021
2023 BMW X1 spy shots: Handsome redesign coming for compact crossover
The BMW X1 is already one of the better looking options in the compact crossover segment, and it looks like designers will up the wow factor for the next-generation model. Fresh prototypes for the redesigned X1 have been spotted, revealing some of the new styling themes. The testers are still at a relatively early stage judging by their makeshift… [#item_URL]Tools & Home Improvement. Patio, Lawn & Garden. Beauty & Personal Care. Pro Audio & Sound. Car Audio & Electronics. Sign Up for Our. Briggs & Stratton 1697099 Cordless Gas Single Stage Snow Thrower Blower, 18 Inch. Keep your walkways clear and safe this winter with the Briggs & Stratton 1697099 Single Stage Snow Thrower. This snow thrower features a 127cc recoil-start engine. Powered by gas, this cordless snow thrower has an 18-inch wide clearing path with a 12.50-inch intake height, making it easy to clear your driveway after a heavy snowstorm. This heavy-duty machine throws snow up to 30 feet away. The quick-adjust chute deflector lets you easily change the height and distance that the snow is thrown, and a chute-mounted rotation handle lets you change the chute direction from left to right. The Briggs & Stratton Single Stage Snow Thrower has a wear-resistant, rubber-edged auger, which scrapes snow directly off the pavement. Whether you have a large driveway or a lot of sidewalk to clear, the Briggs & Stratton Single Stage Snow Thrower will get the job done. Clear your sidewalks, driveway, and pathways of snow with ease with the Briggs & Stratton Single Stage Snow Thrower. Clearing path of 18 inches wide with a 12.50-inch intake height for deep snow; throwing distance of 30 feet. Chute deflector adjusts quickly to change the height and distance snow is thrown. Wear-resistant auger with rubber edge cleans snow all the way down to the pavement. Chute-mounted rotation handle lets you change from left to right; recoil start engine. Dimensions (L x W x H): 32.60 x 19.60 x 21.30 inches. Briggs & Stratton Corporation (NYSE: BGG), headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, is focused on providing power to get work done and make people’s lives better. Briggs & Stratton products are designed, manufactured, marketed and serviced in over 100 countries on six continents. Questions about this item? Cancelling Your Order: Your order is important to us and will be processed immediately. Select the reason for the return. We welcome your inquiry! The item “Briggs & Stratton 1697099 Cordless Gas Single Stage Snow Thrower Blower, 18 Inch” is in sale since Tuesday, September 22, 2020. This item is in the category “Home & Garden\Yard, Garden & Outdoor Living\Outdoor Power Equipment\Snow Blowers”. The seller is “vm-express” and is located in Lincoln, Nebraska. This item can be shipped to United States.
- Brand: Briggs & Stratton
- MPN: SNOW-1697099
- Type: Single Stage
- Model: SNOW-1697099
- Clearing Width: 18″
- Power Source: Gas
From Tom Brady to Kieran Donaghy, age is just a number for some athletes
Kieran Donaghy, seen here for Tralee Warriors and Pau Cami Galera of Tradehouse Central Ballincollig, is still an impactful player on the court and in GAA. Picture: Domnick Walsh
In September, Tom Brady, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers quarter-back, and most successful player in American football history with seven Superbowl titles, caused a stir when saying he could play until he was 50.
A month before his 38th birthday last November, Ross Munnelly spoke about his two-decade stint with the Laois footballers.
Great first night back in action in the Pairc.— Social GAA Cork (@SocialGAACork) November 4, 2021
26 Hurlers and 16 Footballers.
Looking to bump this numbers up to 30 and 20 next week, so anybody willing and able, get in touch.. pic.twitter.com/82NLrjalQoAugust 2002 Issue
Himalaya Sunrise
Paul Child's original recipe, for one cocktail, started out simply: "Make a Martini."
Ingredients
3 oz (6 tablespoons) gin
1 teaspoon dry vermouth
2 teaspoons juice from a jar of maraschino cherries
2 maraschino cherries, stemmed
Step 1
Shake gin and vermouth with ice cubes in a cocktail shaker to chill quickly, then strain into 2 Martini glasses. Stir 1 teaspoon cherry juice into each drink and add cherries.trumpet Mark Hughes got to ask her some questions about her career and musical experiences, one trumpet player to another.
Mark Hughes: You have a beautiful singing approach to your playing. Was this something that came naturally to you or would you say you had to develop that style?
Alison Balsom: I think all instrumentalists refer to the singing voice to understand phrasing and making a line, whether consciously or not. After all we are just communicating. When I don’t understand a musical idea, I sing it for a while and it then makes sense.
MH: Growing up in the UK, did you spend much time playing cornet in a brass band? If so, how did this influence you?
AB: I did. I started the cornet and the trumpet at exactly the same time and therefore had the benefit of playing the violin role in the orchestra, i.e. you play all the time, the best melodies and learn to listen to those around you and meld into that sound. It’s a perfect training for a brass player.
MH: Who have been your most influential teachers and mentors?
AB: My most influential teacher was definitely John Miller, who payed in the Philharmonia Orchestra and the Wallace Collection. I had him teach me from ages 13- 20, and he taught me everything there is to know about sound production and the zen art of making this physically demanding instrument feel almost yogic.
MH: Other than hard work, what would you suggest to young aspiring trumpeters wanting to have a careers as soloists?
AB: Go to concerts and listen listen listen to the best music and musicians you can find. I would name Martha Argerich, Claudio Abbado, Maxim Vengerov, Fabio Biondi, Murray Perahia, Pekka Kuusisto, Andras Schiff, John Elliot Gardiner, Trevor Pinnock, and Maria João Pires, just off the top of my head, whose musicianship and charisma have totally inspired me throughout my solo life.
MH: I’m a huge fan of the recording you did on natural trumpet, in fact, it’s the best natural trumpet playing I’ve ever heard! Your artistry, command and phrasing is unmatched. How long have you been playing a natural instrument and what kind of instrument do you use?
AB:.
MH: How much time are you away from home each year? Does your son travel with you?
AB: Not so much actually. I am so fortunate that I can pick and choose when I go away now, and although I used to orbit the Globe constantly, now I just do the concerts that are irristable and that fit with my schedule.
MH: I know you do not always perform with orchestras and that sometimes you perform full recitals. With that kind of endurance demand, you must have to practice a fair amount. When traveling, where do you practice? Do you find it difficult to practice in hotels? Do you use mutes of any kind?
AB: I try not to use mutes as of course the majority of that practice is for stamina rather than learning technical things, and so the best sound production technique is paramount. I do just practice in hotel rooms most of the time and miraculously I’ve never had a complaint – which is not a boast, as it can’t be because it sounds good, as I’m usually playing endless arpeggios and scales! Maybe hotels always put me at the end of the corridor?
MH: What do you like to do in your spare time? Hobbies?
AB: I’m obsessed with interior design and furniture restoration. If I’m not practising or doing a concert or recording, you’ll find me in the shed… not ‘wood shedding’ as the great Wynton Marsalis calls practicing, but literally ‘wood shedding!’ – with a piece of sand paper!
Don’t miss Opening Night with the Houston Symphony!
Opening Night with Andrés
September 13 at 7:30 PM
Andrés Orozco-Estrada, conductor
Alison Balsom, trumpet.Casualty viewers were confused last night when the BBC skipped an episode it called “inappropriate”.
Fans had been expecting to watch a gripping episode culminating with a showdown between Ethan and Will – but instead it was replaced by a catch-up and the following week’s episode.
The extended preview at the start was designed to fill in the gaps on what fans would’ve seen in the axed episode.
A voiceover announcer said: “The episode we were due to watch tonight, filmed before the spread of COVID-19, was considered inappropriate to show at the moment.
“But never fear, everything we need to know from that episode is in a catch-up right at the start of the programme.”
Read more: EastEnders viewers want Nancy Carter to return as Casualty confirms actress Maddy Hill’s exit
However glimpses of the episode from the preview showed characters dressed in full protective gear, suggesting an epidemic style storyline.
Such a plot would too closely mirror real life events with the current pandemic.
But that didn’t stop fans being confused about what was going on.
And they were still desperate to see the missing episode.
One said: “Really, really disappointed at the missing episode of #Casualty, especially when it’s so pivotal to current storylines.
“The showdown between Will and Ethan would have been great to see 😢 #Casualty @BBCCasualty”
A second said: “#casualty I would have liked to have seen that episode.”
A third said: “I really wanted to see the episode that they skipped #Casualty.”
When will Casualty resume filming?
It comes after BBC controller Piers Wenger admitted Casualty is unlikely to resume filming soon.
Speaking at an Edinburgh TV Festival online Q&A, he said: “We do have to abide by the rules and while social distancing is in place it is going to be difficult.
Read more: EastEnders, Casualty and Holby City are ‘not quite’ ready to resume production
“There are ways of cheating, actors being close enough together to interact in a scene.”
He added: “We’re not quite at that point yet.
“But all of those conversation are being had and there is a real determination to get that show back up and running.”
What do you think of the BBC pulling the episode? Leave us a comment on our Facebook page @EntertainmentDailyFix and let us know what you think!Early summer superfoods for osteoporosis
There are so many reasons why we should eat fresh whole foods in season, and it’s even better if we select foods that strengthen and support our bones.
As we enter summer, I want to share with you some of my favorite seasonal foods that fit the criteria of “superfoods” for bones — and I also want to share exactly what these criteria are to help you identify even more foods on your own.
In developing my daily diet, I think in terms of 11 major food groups, which you’ll see below with my early summer superfoods favorites. Why not add your own favorite summer foods to my list? Have fun with this; putting a little of your attention on the food groups and their ideal daily servings will likely result in more diverse and wholesome summer eating. Notice the abundance of fresh greens in your market and pick the ones that you enjoy.
Early summer superfoods for bone health
Vegetables
4.5 cups/day
– Green leafy vegetables
– Asparagus
– Snow peas
– Watercress
– Lettuce
– Dandelion greens
Protein
60-80 g/day (as tolerated)
– Fresh salmon
– Lentils
– Lean meats
Nuts and seeds
2-3 servings/day
– Almonds (1st nut of the summer)
– Sesame seeds
Water
8 glasses/day
– Pure water
– Lemon water
– Iced green tea with mint
Fermented foods
1-2 servings/day
– Kombucha
– Lacto-fermented pickles
Root crops & squashes
1-2 servings/day
– Scallions
– Summer squash
Fruits
2-3 servings/day
– Strawberries
– Raspberries
– Blueberries
Dairy
0-2 servings/day
– Kefir
– Yogurt
Oils & fats
1-2 tbsp/day
– Olive oil
– Coconut oil
– Avocado
Whole Grains
1-2 servings/day
– Quinoa
– Whole grain rice
Herbs & spices
1-2 tsp/day
– Parsley
– Mint
– Cilantro
What makes a food a “superfood” for bone health?
Here are the key qualities of food that in my book earn them the title of “bone superfood.” Think about the foods that you like to eat. How many of them meet these qualifications?
Early summer is a time when Nature wakes from her winter rest and growth abounds. I send each of you my best wishes for a joyous early summer, full of the season’s growth and great tastes and flavors!
Pin our easy reference chart!
Luxe Interiors + Design presents “Luxe Design Tour” with San Antonio-based interior designer Debbie Baxter, hosted by Texas Homes Editor Paulette Pearson.
Inspired by a British roadway sign that read “Changed Priorities Ahead,” Baxter’s longtime clients communicated a desire for a laid-back yet sophisticated vibe for their vacation home in Hill Country. Here, the designer behind Baxter Design Group shares how to retreat came together to really celebrate the natural beauty of the area.
Catch the latest DesignTV by SANDOW programming here, or visit our archive of past segments for inspiration from creatives across the country.Webinar Recording: The Impact of COVID-19 on Association Insurance
Listen to the webinar’s recording to learn about:
- Common Questions & Association Exposures
- Risk Mitigation & Best Practices
- Pandemic Impact on the Insurance Market
Watch the webinar and share it with your fellow board members!
Webinar date: April 3, 2020I have ADHD, and one of the symptoms I experience most severely is known as hyperfixation.
A hyperfixation is when someone with ADHD finds something that interests them and becomes infatuated with it. For me, it’s usually fictional universes like Marvel or DC. Hyperfixations can last from weeks to months, or even stick around for years.
When I hyperfixate, the topic becomes my entire world. I have trouble eating enough, drinking enough water, sleeping for a healthy amount of time, and just taking care of myself in general. School becomes the second priority, and I have a hard time staying on top of – or even being able to finish – my work. I spend hours on end in my bedroom consuming my hyperfixation and transferring it into what I like to do. In my case, I like to write.
During the first few weeks of a hyperfixation, I will write obsessively about it. I have written essays about how good the object of my hyperfixation is, made presentations to explain the lesser known details about it to my family, and overall written over five hundred pages of fanfiction about my various hyperfixations.
It might sound silly for a teenager to become obsessed with children’s shows like Star Wars: The Clone Wars, but at one point it was the only thing getting me through the school day.
Hyperfixations are no joke. They’re a symptom of neurodivergency and should be taken just as seriously as any other symptom. People in a state of hyperfixation sometimes mimic symptoms of depression and anxiety like irritability, lack of care for their future, and distancing themselves from other things they would usually like to do.
I hope that this article helps people understand ADHD and its symptoms better. Remember to look out for your friends or family who have ADHD to make sure they’re taking care of themselves.January 5, 2021
An In-Depth Look at Furnace Filter Maintenance
While comprehensive annual furnace maintenance is usually taken care of by an experienced, professional HVAC service technician, there is one important aspect of ongoing furnace upkeep during the season that many homeowners take care of themselves: replacing (or cleaning) the furnace filter. Ensuring that the furnace filter is properly maintained throughout the year affords numerous,...View Article Continue ReadingProtean synonyms
prō'tē-ən, prō-tē'-
Category:
Part of speech:
The definition of multifaceted is someone or something with many features or perspectives to consider.
Find another word for protean. In this page you can discover 14 synonyms, antonyms, idiomatic expressions, and related words for protean, like: mutable, variable, multifaceted, unsettled, changeable, many-sided, various, versatile, ability, same and personify.
Trending topicsCatharine Savage Brosman has crafted a volume of epigrammatic verse dedicated to landscape and stone, monument and mountain,...
Race, Reagan, and the Historians
Reconsidering Reagan: Racism, Republicans, and the Road to Trump
By Daniel S. Lucks
(Beacon Press, 2020)
Reaganland: America’s Right Turn, 1976–1980
By Rick Perlstein
(Simon and Schuster, 2020)
The election of Donald J. Trump to the White House unleashed a torrent of new histories of the conservative movement. Most such books explain Trump’s “conservatism” as a product of the same movement that produced Barry Goldwater, William F. Buckley, and Ronald Reagan. According to their authors, the thread that holds the conservative movement together is racism. As Daniel Lucks puts it in Reconsidering Reagan: Trump is “the product of a long progression that began back in 1964, when Reagan delivered his iconic ‘A Time for Choosing’ speech and the party of Lincoln nominated Barry Goldwater as their presidential nominee, and when the conservative movement rose to power in part by exploiting whites’ racial anxieties.”
Yet while Reconsidering Reagan embraces racism as the central explanation for conservatism’s success, Rick Perlstein’s Reaganland presents a more nuanced and contextual interpretation. Neither writer is a friend of the conservative movement, but Perlstein does a better job empathizing with his subject. Lucks’s book thus marks a shift in the historiography of the conservative movement. From the late 1990s until the last few years, historians had taken conservative ideas at least somewhat seriously and attempted to understand their subjects on their own terms. This more contextual approach seems to have fallen out of vogue, and the study of conservatism has become almost entirely partisan.
In Reconsidering Reagan, Lucks sets out to challenge what he views as the right-wing myth of Reagan by analyzing the fortieth president’s views and policies on civil rights. According to Lucks, Reagan should be viewed as a racist, or at best as a racially insensitive political opportunist who turned his back on “the racial liberalism of his youth by cozying up to George Wallace supporters.”
Perlstein is more cautious. He does not explicitly call Reagan a racist and attempts to understand Reagan’s motivations for appealing to racist white voters. Reaganland is the culmination of Perlstein’s four-volume history of the rise of the conservative movement, and the book contains a massive 914 pages of narrative. Whereas Lucks covers more than fifty years in a fourth of the space, Perlstein discusses events only from 1976 to 1980. The result is filled with details—some fascinating and some less so—and often wanders from topic to topic with little to hold it together other than chronology.
The difference between Perlstein’s and Lucks’s approaches can be demonstrated by an event that both chronicle: Reagan’s 1980 general election campaign speech at the Neshoba County Fair near Philadelphia, Mississippi, a place where three civil rights workers had been murdered in 1964. This episode has long been used by progressive historians and activists to claim that Reagan was elected in 1980 by “dog-whistling Dixie.” Lucks agrees, noting that Reagan traveled to the fair accompanied by a former segregationist to address an all-white crowd waving Confederate flags.
The only part of Reagan’s speech that Lucks quotes is the infamous “I believe in states’ rights” line, followed by Reagan’s obvious racial appeal (according to Lucks) to “restore to states and local governments the power that properly belongs to them.” Lucks argues that this visit was designed to help Reagan appeal to “George Wallace inclined voters.” Lucks goes on to mention, multiple times, that the Ku Klux Klan endorsed Reagan, but fails to mention Reagan’s forceful denunciation of those endorsements. This is the trend for Lucks, who also insinuates that Reagan might have been a member of the John Birch Society despite the fact that in 1966 Reagan emphatically declared: “I am not a member. I have no intention of becoming a member. I am not going to solicit their support.”
Lucks’s treatment of Reagan’s trip to the Neshoba County Fair is emblematic of the way he portrays Reagan throughout the book. Reagan’s comments are taken out of context, and Lucks quotes Reagan’s political enemies to confirm his own interpretation of events. Lucks is not interested in context, so he never mentions that George Wallace cut radio campaign commercials for President Jimmy Carter in 1976 and endorsed him again in 1980. Lucks also fails to mention that Carter campaigned across the South with former segregationists such as Jim Eastland and John Stennis—who both signed the so-called Southern Manifesto of 1956. The reality is that both Reagan and Carter were interested in Wallace supporters.
It also is not clear that Reagan’s alleged appeal did him any good. Those on the ground in Mississippi believed the controversy over Reagan’s comments at the Neshoba County Fair combined with incorrect statements about Tuscumbia, Alabama, being the birthplace of the KKK had hurt him in the polls. This runs counter to Lucks’s claim that “Reagan’s Southern outreach was reaping dividends.”
Perlstein presents a more balanced interpretation of the Neshoba controversy and draws on my own archival research about the 1980 campaign in the South. He correctly provides the context for Reagan’s visit: Ford barely lost Mississippi in 1976, and the state looked like a possible pickup for Republicans. Perlstein then notes that Reagan did not generally use the phrase “states’ rights” and had to be convinced to include the phrase by then-Congressman Trent Lott. Throughout, Perlstein gives Reagan the benefit of the doubt, suggesting that Reagan convinced himself that by uttering the phrase “he was referring to all federal intrusion into local affairs . . . the same thing he had always excoriated.” Perlstein concludes the scene by quoting a Mississippi Reagan supporter who wrote that Reagan’s speech hurt the candidate: “Three weeks ago Reagan had a landslide victory in Mississippi. Today it is a toss-up.”
Yet both Perlstein and Lucks act as if attending the Neshoba County Fair was Reagan’s idea. It was not. In fact, the Neshoba County GOP chairman, Pete Perry, requested that all the GOP primary hopefuls commit to attending the fair. Reagan was the last to do so. This also may explain why there was a scheduling conflict between the Neshoba visit and Reagan’s appearance at the Urban League, which was supposed to be his first campaign event.
Reduced to Racism
The differences in Perlstein’s and Lucks’s treatments of the Neshoba scene reflects the differences in their approach to sources. Both draw on the black press, which was very critical of Reagan, and both cite President Carter’s rebuke of Reagan and his attempt to cast Reagan’s comments as racist. Yet Lucks presents only these views and then condemns the press for letting Reagan off the hook. Perlstein does better. He presents various potential interpretations of the events and provides his readers with a more nuanced, and accurate, view of Reagan’s speech.
Another example of how Perlstein and Lucks differ is in their explanation of the 1970s New Right, specifically the rise of the Religious Right. Perlstein clearly does not like the New Right, but he goes to great lengths to document its activism. It must also be said that he allows them to explain, in their own words, why they believed the things they believed. In contrast, Lucks reduces the New Right to racism. Describing Falwell’s foray into politics, Lucks asserts that Falwell “was motivated in large part by opposition to the desegregation King championed.” While it is true that the IRS’s revocation of some private Christian academies’ tax-exempt status riled up evangelical conservatives, Lucks treats race as a totalizing factor.
This is the overarching problem with Lucks’s book: everything can be attributed to race and as such he concludes that racism is the cornerstone of the conservative movement. While neither Perlstein nor Lucks takes conservative ideas seriously enough to cite thinkers such as F. A. Hayek or Milton Friedman, Lucks is the worse abuser. The one time that Lucks attempts to engage with a conservative intellectual, Russell Kirk, he portrays Kirk as a southern sympathizer whose work is “replete with paeans to the Old South” but who never addressed the issue of slavery. In fact, Kirk was a northern agrarian, whose general opinion of the Civil War was pro-Lincoln and pro-Union, and who believed the goal of the civil rights movement was just, even if he disagreed with what he considered its more radical elements.
It seems never to have dawned on Lucks that Reagan’s views on political economy might have provided a better explanation for his opposition to the 1964 Civil Rights Act or the 1965 Voting Rights Act than outright racism. According to Lucks, such reasoning simply provided a guise for racist policies and opinions. In Lucks’s view, there was no credible reason to oppose busing, to support welfare reform, to be fearful of a growing federal government, or to support local control.
To be fair, Lucks does touch on important topics and is absolutely correct that Reagan’s record on race is part of his legacy. In addition to his opposition to the Civil Rights and Voting Rights Acts, Lucks documents some of Reagan’s worst moments, including his violation of academic freedom and other civil liberties while governor of California and his perpetuation and expansion of the War on Drugs. The problem is that one never really knows whether to trust Lucks, since readers are never presented both sides of the story. Overt partisanship destroys his credibility as a historian. This really is a pity, because Republicans do have a race problem—but not the one Lucks thinks. Exploring the interconnectedness of fiscally conservative views on political economy and conservatives’ inability to confront systemic racism would have been a worthwhile endeavor.
In many ways, these books have opposite defects. Lucks offers opinions masquerading as analysis, rarely allows conservatives to speak for themselves, and provides little to no historical context. Conservatives, or just fair-minded readers, will find Lucks’s depiction of Reagan infuriating, but he definitely has an argument. Perlstein suffers from the opposite problem. Reaganland is filled with historical trivia discussed in detail but never really connected by the author’s analysis. Perlstein fails to provide a clear argument and does little to make sense of the four years he discusses in granular detail.
As a result, both books will feel foreign to conservative readers. I cannot recommend either—at least not without a more balanced book to serve as a corrective. Reagan and his legacy continue to be important to our political discourse. In the process of trying to dispel conservatives’ mythical conception of Reagan, Lucks has embraced the progressive myth that simplifies Reagan as a racist and places the credit for the success of the conservative movement on racist appeals. As for Perlstein, it looks as though the press rushed Reaganland to publication before the 2020 election. The result is filled with typographical and factual errors and lacks a central argument to tie the behemoth of a volume together.
The fight over historical interpretation of Reagan continues, but it has taken a step backward over the past few years. Instead of taking ideas seriously, trying to understand different strands of conservatism and attempting to provide nuanced explanations that draw on historical context, progressive historians are struggling to explain how more than seventy-four million Americans could have voted last year for a president they believe to be an irremediable authoritarian and racist. This cognitive turmoil is manifesting itself through the historiography of conservatism. Concluding that racism can explain conservative success may be a comforting explanation for the left, but it is not likely to result in understanding. One longs for a day when contemporary politics and one’s party affiliation will not determine a historian’s analysis.
Marcus M. Witcher is an assistant professor of history at Huntingdon College and the author of Getting Right with Reagan: The Struggle for True Conservatism, 1980.This past week has brought many changes, with more quarantines and “shelter in place” orders being given worldwide. Let’s take a look at today’s new numbers, and the week overall.
In the 24 hours of 03/21, infections from around the world have increased. In the table below, “Growth” represents the change from 03/20 to 03/21. “Prior Infections” represents confirmed infections on 03/20 (yesterday).
US Saturation Date: 04/21/2020
Overall, today’s numbers (from a growth standpoint) look much like yesterdays with the US numbers sitting right where our projections predicted they would. As expected, US jumped 2 spots in rank, surpassing both German and Spain today. South Korea reported no changes on 03/20, and we assume that today’s total represents the change over 2 days, so their growth rate today was likely 1-2% instead of the 3% reported.
US week in review:
Many communities in the US have instituted more and more restrictions on business openings and open movements. If these restrictions are successful, growth rates in the future should start to wane. The CDC also issued guidance early this week that testing was ramping up and that a backlog of unran tests would be cleared this week. This potentially could potentially cause many more cases to be ran through, with an unknown affect on numbers at this point.
US cases, although widespread, are highly concentrated in a few areas.
In the above map you can see that all 50 states and Puerto Rico now have infections, but certain areas have much higher populations. Areas of note include the greater New York City area, Miami, Las Vegas, Las Angeles, San Deigo, San Jose, Chicago, Milwaukee, Detroit, and Seattle.
New York City and the surrounding area represents roughly 50% of total US infections. Below we show the area and show New York City cases and deaths.
In the past week: the back
US infections have increased 709% from 3,774 to 26,747
Infections worldwide have increased 81% from 168,387 to 307,278.
US deaths have increased 596% from 56 to 340.
Worldwide deaths have increased 227% from 5,761 to 13,049.
With many changes in testing volume and quarantine methods, I’ll refrain from making a larger projection, however, if the CDC did indeed get through the backlog of tests needing to be completed, projections starting next week may be more useful ,especially week over week. Sadly, from a statistical standpoint, 14 more days of data are needed to provide accurate week to week comparisons.
That will conclude our daily and weekly update for today.
Keep calm and carry on.Council discusses removal of city reporting requirements for liquor sales
East Lansing businesses with liquor licenses might not have to report liquor sales to the City Council if a proposal discussed during its regularly scheduled work session at City Hall, 410 Abbot Rd., is passed.
The 50/50 policy, adopted in the late 1980’s, requires downtown restaurants with liquor licenses provide at least half their sales in food, with the other half able to come from liquor sales. Under the current guidelines, restaurants also are required to report sales to council.
Mayor Pro Tem Nathan Triplett said the order would not lift the 50/50 requirement, only the reporting requirement.
“For a number of years, we’ve heard complaints from both city staff and from restaurant owners that the requirement is burdensome and that it doesn’t really get to the problem we’re trying to solve,” Triplett said. “That being overconsumption and the other, negative impacts of overconsumption. ”
Triplett said it would be in good faith on the part of the restaurant to comply with the 50/50 requirement without reporting it if the policy goes through.
“Personally, I see it as a first step towards ultimately eliminating this requirement in its entirety,” he said.
Councilmember Vic Loomis questioned during the meeting whether or not the reporting requirement should be lifted.
“Candidly, the feedback I’m getting out of this industry is to leave this thing alone,” he said. “So I don’t know what’s motivating this,” Loomis said.
Council members went back and forth on the issue, discussing the proposed administrative order for almost 30 minutes before agreeing to further discuss the issue during next week’s council meeting.
Council member Kevin Beard said during the meeting he didn’t think that suspending the reporting requirement for a year in the short term would be a problem.
“My question has been, and continues to be, what is going to replace it that will be effective in helping these establishments operate as restaurants and not as bars or saloons,” he said.
Please note All comments are eligible for publication in The State News.< Back Media Investment Coordinator Zenith – Investment Coordinator Zenith Australia are looking for an Investment Coordinator to join our growing team in Sydney. We’re proud to be shortlisted for the Employer of Choice category for the 2020 B&T Women in Media Awards, and we walk the talk. In fact, our agency purpose is to Inspire Growth – Growth of Our People, Growth of Our Clients, Growth of Our Brand and Growth of Our Business. We’re determined to eradicate any barriers that prevent our people from reaching their fullest potential. – We offer progressive flexible working options to everyone at all levels – It’s not a policy. It’s behaviour led and reinforced through our values – Mental health & wellbeing is something we take seriously – It’s championed by our own people internally and is a regular conversation – We have a lot of fun – Even in this virtual world, we’re constantly looking at reinventing how we’re connecting with each other As the Investment Coordinator, you will have the opportunity to start learning media planning & buying techniques that are highly regarded industry wide. This is an exciting foot in the door where you will provide administration support for the client team, campaign support for media planning and buying across all formats and mediums as well as perform accurate reporting for internal and client needs. Reporting into the Investment Manager, you will: – Ensure completion of all tasks to deadline – Assist in loading bookings across all media and be responsible for ensuring that all material Instructions are correct and sent out in a timely fashion. – Assist in buying, tracking and optimising all campaigns efficiently within deadlines by providing accurate and timely data entry of campaigns – Post-match all TV campaigns weekly – Support the team on a day to day basis – Build effective relationships with creative agency partners and media We’re looking for someone who Sydney 2009 Zenith Interested? If you are interested in the job opportunity, please apply here: November 23rd, 2021 at 9:18 am ADVERTISEMENTWhy is it kosher to eat beef but not pork?
Why is it okay to eat locusts (!) but not lobster?
What’s so wrong with eating a vulture or an eagle?
The origins of the Jewish dietary laws are found in Leviticus 11 and are repeated in Deuteronomy 14. For one of my rabbinical school courses, we spent several weeks studying the biblical origins and theological ideas behind these laws, and what makes some foods kosher and others treif. For class, we translated them, made comparison lists, and tried to notice patterns in the categories – as well note differences between the two texts. Then, we read some of the top theological/sociological/historical theories on these laws.
What the rules of kashrut “really mean” is one of those topics people have debated for centuries. Everyone has a theory of what they really are about, and the most popular explanation is that they were primarily about hygiene. According to this line of thought, the ancient Israelites somehow figured out that meats like pork and shellfish were prone to food poisoning, and unlike our less-savvy neighbors, the Israelites wisely decided to ban them.
It’s a nice idea, I’ll admit. It makes us sound smarter than the rest of the world. The truth though, is that there is very little truth to this theory, and in fact it is one of the more weakly supported theories out there.
After our studies on this topic, what I walked away with was an appreciation for how difficult it is to grasp what these laws were about without understanding Jewish theology at the time the laws were written — and that is no small feat. It isn’t that it’s rocket science; rather it involves a whole way of looking at the world that is so alien to how we think today, it’s simply hard to wrap your mind around it!
That said, I’m not copping out! Here is the extremely abbreviated version of the origins of the dietary laws, as I understand them. My sources are three fine pieces of scholarship by three leading thinkers in the field. While they disagree with each other on some subtle areas, in the bigger picture they are largely in agreement.
Levine, Baruch A. Leviticus. Philadelphia: JPS, 1989, pp. 243-248.
Milgrom, Jacob “Ethics and Ritual: The Foundations of the Biblical Dietary Laws.” Religion and Law: Biblical-Judaic and Islamic Perspectives. 1990. pp. 159-191.
Wright, David. “Observations on the Ethical Foundations of the Biblical Dietary Laws: A Response to Jacob Milgrom.” 1990. pp. 193-198
1) In a word, the Jewish dietary laws come down to holiness: the belief they made the Jewish people holy.
In biblical Judaism, and unlike the widespread animism that existed in surrounding pagan communities, holiness was not an innate quality.
It was something assigned by God alone.
“The emulation of God’s holiness demands following the ethics associated with his nature. Since the demand for holiness occurs with greater frequency and emphasis in the food prohibitions than in any other commandment, I conclude they are the Torah’s personal recommendation as the best way of achieving this higher ethical life.” (Milgrom)
2) The laws set the Israelites apart from non-Jews, as they believed they had been specifically selected for a special and unique relationship.
“Israel’s attainment of holiness is dependent on setting itself apart from the nations and the prohibited animal foods. The dietary system is thus a reflection and reinforcement of Israel’s election.” (Milgrom)
“The main reason for their formulation is to provide a means of making and maintaining Israel as a holy people, setting them apart from other nations.” (Wright)
“Pure creatures are to impure creatures as the Israelites are to the other nations. A pure people eats pure creatures in a pure state.” (Levine)
“The Israelites must adhere to this ideal way of life although other nations do not. Required along with avoidance of improper sexual unions, which would corrupt the family of Israel, the avoidance of pagan worship, which would alienate Israel from God, is the avoidance of unfit food. By such avoidance, Israelites are kept from bestiality, their humaneness is enhanced. Such a pure people deserves to live in its own land, unmolested.” (Levine)
3) It is no accident that one of the first acts of Christianity was to abolish the dietary laws.
“Historians have claimed that the purpose was to ease the process of converting to Gentiles. This explanation is, at best, a partial truth. Abolishing the dietary laws, according to Scripture, the other nations. Further, it is these distinguishing criteria, the dietary laws (and circumcision) that were done away with. Christianity’s intuition was correct: Israel’s restrictive diet is a daily reminder to be apart from the nations.” (Milgrom)
4
) The Jewish value of reverence for life was something fairly unique in that time and place in the world, and that value was reinforced by a myriad of laws, of which the dietary laws are just one of them. “The list of prohibited animals forms a unified and coherent dietary system with the blood prohibition and the prescribed slaughtering technique whose clear, unambiguous purpose is to inculcate reverence for life.” (Milgrom)
5) Those rabbis didn’t like boundary-crossing: As for the exact nature of the categories of what is or is not forbidden, they actually follow a subtle but clear pattern.
“In Genesis I, there are three elements of creation; water, air and earth. Each sphere has a peculiar mode of motion associated with it. However, creatures that cross boundaries are anomalies. Insects that fly but have four or more legs are an abomination, but if they have two legs to hop with they are edible. Birds that are carnivores are taboo because carrion contains blood and creepers engage in an indeterminate form of locomotion.” (Milgrom)
Creepers are neither fish, flesh nor fowl, and those that walked on the sea floor were viewed similarly as scavengers who ate the ‘life blood’ of other animals.
6) Forget the ‘hygiene hypothesis’ : Most interestingly, the theory most often recited in lay circles — that the dietary laws are mostly about hygiene — is the theory that holds the least water, although it’s not hard to see why it is so popular. Famous Jewish theologians of the Middle Ages, including Maimonides, wrote in support of that position.
“The hygiene hypothesis says that the forbidden animals are carriers of disease. The ancients discovered the harmful animals empirically and modern science has verified their findings: the pig is a bearer of trichinosis, the hare of tularemia, carrion eating birds harbor disease and fish without fins and scales attract disease because they are mud burrowers. … But there are weighty objections to this theory. For example, a camel, a prohibited animal, is a succulent delicacy for the Arabs to this day and there is no evidence that they suffer gastronomically. Also, if hygiene were the sole reason for the diet laws, why were they restricted to the animal kingdom? Why were poisonous plants not prohibited?” (Milgrom)
“There is no evidence of a broad nutritional or health-related basis for the specific dietary classifications of the Torah. It is more reasonable to assume a socioreligious basis for them.” (Levine)
I don’t know about you, dear readers, but these scholars completed convined me.
What do you think? If you disagree, what is your “proof”?Alpern, Steven and Prasad, V. S. (1999) Chaotic homeomorphisms of RN, lifted from torus homeomorphisms. Bulletin of the London Mathematical Society, 31 (5). pp. 577-580. ISSN 0024-6093
Abstract
We establish the existence of self-homeomorphisms of Rn, n ≥ 2, which are chaotic in the sense of Devaney, preserve volume and are spatially periodic. Moreover, we show that in the space of volume-preserving homeomorphisms of the n-torus with mean rotation zero, those with chaotic lifts to Rn are dense, with respect to the uniform topology. An application is given for fixed points of 2-dimensional torus homeomorphisms (Conley–Zehnder–Franks Theorem). 1991 Mathematics Subject Classification 54H20.Marpa the Translator, the eleventh-century farmer, scholar, and teacher, is one of the most renowned saints in Tibetan Buddhist history..Mitsubishi says its FBC15N-FBC30LN N-Generation of AC-powered electric forklift trucks are engineered with an AC control system that features MOSFET and thermal technology, both of which offer an advanced Integrated Presence system and deliver up to a 40% increase in travel speeds when compared to earlier DC models. Nine models with capacities ranging from 3,000 to 6,500 lbs. are available. The units are outfitted with five pre-programmed performance modes. Travel speed, lift speed, acceleration rate and regenerative and auto regenerative braking can be adjusted to match requirements.
Mitsubishi Forklift Trucks; 888-MIT-LIFT;
Electric lift truck
November 1, 2006Research on Developing Novel Pegfilgrastim Biosimilars to Elevate Sales: Fact.MR
Growing cases of neutropenia resulting due to surging cancer treatment cases is prompting government and private organizations to fund drug development programs to mitigate the global burden
Fact.MR, New York: Award winning market research company Fact.MR has conducted a recent study on the global pegfilgrastim biosimilar market for the upcoming decade. As per its findings, the market is poised to witness impressive growth following increase in cancer cases across the globe. Long-term expansion prospects are expected to remain positive.
The World Health Organization (WHO) estimates that over 10 million people succumbed to the cancer and around 1,806,590 new cases of cancer were recorded in December 2020 across United States. Among these, over 9.5% of people suffer from the side-effects of chemotherapy or radiotherapy, including neutropenia. Acknowledging this burden, healthcare providers have escalated their research & development for developing the novel biologics drugs for the treatment. Thereby, accelerating the growth of pegfilgrastim biosimilar market.
Request a report sample to gain comprehensive insights at
According to Fact.MR, owing to the increase in cancer cases and thereby adoption of chemotherapy across the globe, there’s a high demand for pegfilgrastim biosimilars from hospital pharmacies. Based on these factors, the global pegfilgrastim biosimilars market will exhibit growth of 10% CAGR through 2021 and beyond.
“Manufacturers are highly investing in developing novel pegfilgrastim biologics drugs and improving accessibility with the help of real-time data to treat patients suffering from neutropenia,” says the Fact.MR analyst.
Key Takeaways
- In terms of distribution channel, hospital pharmacies are expected to hold around 54% of global market share
- With United States in the lead, North America is anticipated to hold 3/4th of the total market share through 2021
- Tier-1 companies such as Coherus Bio Sciences, Biocon, Novartis AG and Mylan holds the highest market share
- Lack of accessibility and limited product launches across India and Japan to exhibit sluggish growth across Asia Pacific
- Higher demand from the hospital pharmacies across Canada is providing growth opportunities for market players
Prominent Drivers
- Increasing demand for biosimilar drugs will drive the demand for pegfilgrastim biosimilars
- Increasing investment for research & development for developing novel pegfilgrastim biosimilars is likely to accelerate the growth
- Rising incidence of chronic diseases and demand for novel drugs is expected to improve the demand for pegfilgrastim biosimilars
- New indications and the patent expiry for biologic product will likely create growth opportunities for the key players
- Rising prevalence of cancer and advanced health care facilities is increasing the R&D activities to develop biologics drugs, improving the demand for pegfilgrastim biosimilars
Key Restraints
- Resistance from biologic manufacturers and complexities in the manufacturing of pegfilgrastim biosimilar is likely to restrict the growth
Discover more about the pegfilgrastim biosimilars market with figures, data tables and the table of contents.
Competitive Landscape
Prominent manufacturers operating in global pegfilgrastim biosimilar market listed by Fact.MR includes Coherus Biosciences, Mylan N.V., Biocon, Novartis AG, Pfizer Inc., Green Cross Corp, Accord Healthcare, Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd., and Zydus Cadila. The market is significantly consolidates with tier-1 companies capturing the highest market share of global pegfilgrastim biosimilar market. Product launches, investment in research & development for developing novel biosimilar platforms and strategic collaboration remains the core strategy of the aforementioned players.
On June 11th 2020, Pfizer Inc. announced the approval from U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for NYVEPRIA (pegfilgrastim-apgf), a biosimilar to Neulasta® which is an oncology supportive care.
Also, in 2019, Apobiologix, a division of Apotex, launched its pegfilgrastim biosimilar in Canada as the first biosimilar pegfilgrastim to be approved in any highly regulated territory.
Likewise, Fresenius Kabi, a global healthcare company specialized in lifesaving medicines and technologies announced the first approval of Kabi’s first biosimilar regulatory submission for MSB11455, in May 2020, from FDA for a biosimilar candidate of Neulasta.
More Insights on the Pegfilgrastim Biosimilars Market
In its latest market research study, Fact.MR gives a detailed segmentation on the major market trends and challenges of global pegfilgrastim biosimilars for the upcoming decade. In order to understand the global market potential and scope, the market is segmented on the basis of distribution channel (hospital pharmacies, retail pharmacies, and mail-order pharmacies) across major key geographies such as North America, Latin America, Europe, South Asia, East Asia, Oceania and Middle East Asia & Africa.
Request Methodology & Get a Glimpse of Our Expertise
Explore Fact.MR’s Coverage on the Healthcare Domain
Retinal Biosimilars Market: Fact.MR’s recent study on the global retinal biosimilars offers 10-year forecast. The study analyzes crucial trends that are currently determining market growth. This report explicates on vital dynamics, such as the drivers, restraints, challenges and opportunities for key market players along with key stakeholders and emerging players.
Fusion Protein biosimilars Market: Fact.MR’s exhaustive analysis on global fusion protein biosimilars market offers value chain analysis, business execution, and supply chain analysis across regional markets has been covered in the report. A list of prominent companies operating in the market along with their product portfolios enhances the reliability of this comprehensive research study.
Oncology Biosimilars Market: Fact.MR has published a detailed research study on the global market for oncology biosimilars. The study provides an in-depth analysis on the key market dynamics, including drivers, trends, opportunities restraints, and detailed information about the oncology biosimilars marketLight Auburn Long Tousled Waves Wig
Brand: Forever Young
Type: Kanekalon synthetic hair
Style: Tousled
Colour: Light Auburn (13/30#)
Size: Adjustable (21" - 23.5")
Length: Long
Condition: New, ready to wear
In light auburn, sexy shaggy layers of amazingly soft hair flow down to the shoulders in this beachy waved stunner. So simple and elegant and so much volume, we are in LOVE with this wig! This gorgeous long style has lovely layers that frame your face perfectly. Lovely long tousled layers of gorgeous silky hair flow down in this ultra modern side parted style. The soft silky premium synthetic fibers are so lovely to touch, and the wig keeps it's fabulous style even in hot weather. Luscious layers of silky hair flow down, with a soft gentle wave and a very natural bounce..Asper created a topic in LEGO Train Tech
April 18
Controlling two circuit cubes with one LEGO remote
The circuit cube bluetooth kit with it's tiny motors keeps spreading within the AFOL train community (e.g. see this review or this wonderful model). I see two drawbacks with the current version of the official app: only one module can be connected it needs some kind of (expensive) smart device So I asked Tenka (the manufacturer of these kits) for details about the protocol. They kindly shared the documentation and so I started implementing a "bluetooth hub". Using the information from the legoino project my program connects to one LEGO Powered Up remote and up to two circuit cube modules. It runs on a tiny Computer ("M5 Atom") which measures 3x3 studs. So you still need an additional device, but this is tiny and inexpensive and can be placed somewhere on the layout - or even built into the trains. In the videos this is the small grey box connected to the USB power supply. In one mode you can control the official kit: as long as the buttons of the remote are pressed the motors spin with the maximum velocity: The other mode is useful for trains: when a button is pressed the velocities of all motors connected to the corresponding module are increased/decreased: This is currently a "proof-of-concept" - the source code is available in github but using it will require some (basic) knowledge about programming Arduino-like devices.
6 repliesthread cell
thread cell (nematoblast; cnidoblast)… T Cell , T cell T cell (T lymphocyte) Any of a population of lymphocytes that are the principal agents of cell-mediated immunity. T cells are derived from the… Cell Plate , Skip to main content cell plate Mast Cell , Skip to main content mast cell Companion Cell , Skip to main content companion cell
About this article
thread cell
Updated About encyclopedia.com content Print Article
You Might Also Like
NEARBY TERMS
thread cellRP Minis - Queen for a Day: A Wooden Magnet Set
Unleash your inner royal and transform into a Queen for a Day with this stylish keepsake set of deluxe wooden magnets, poster-style frame, speech bubble stickers, and mini royal guidebook.
Take a photo from ordinary to "your majesty!" with this playful set of queenly accessories. Use the poster-style frame to elevate your image, and then embellish with wooden accessory magnets and cheeky speech-bubble stickers that let everyone know who's in charge of Buckingham Palace. An accompanying mini-book provides an ideal guide for royals in the making.
This kit includes:
• 5 full-color, deluxe wooden magnets to transform yourself into a queen, featuring illustrations of royal accessories, including a hat, purse, tiara, pearls, and corgi.
• A full-color, mini-poster-size regal frame, for holding your photo.
• Sheets of speech bubble stickers with royal phrases like "All Hail!" and "Your Majesty!"
• A 72-page mini-book with inspiration for unleashing the royal):IMPORTANT UPDATES – latest service information for Clients and for Members
We manage membership payments for many of the leading
health and fitness operators in the UK.
We process Direct Debit payments on behalf of leisure facilities. Combining our deep knowledge of the health and fitness industry, with our proven processes and technology, we make membership payments and management easy.
Helping our.Please complete the relevant sections below to submit your complaint to FireQual. Without the necessary information we may not be able to process a complaint or investigate the details sufficiently.
Please note that complaints relate to a specific circumstance where a level of service or product provided is considered unsatisfactory or unacceptable.
In the first instance any submissions will be discussed with you to see whether they are better addressed as an enquiry, through our appeals process or through the complaints process.
If the complaint refers to activities within a member of the Approved Training Centre network we will consider a complaint once the Centre's complaints process has been exhausted.
For further details of how we conduct investigations into complaints please see the relevant policy on the Policies and Procedures page of the website.Sep 24 2020 · We sincerely believe that our products and service can reach the customers′ requirements by our continuously and hardly work. Under the "Benefit others and self-interest" principle we are seeking three great faiths: "Top Quality Customers First Advanced Technology" and realize "Punctual Delivery Fast Service Low Price" target.Get Price
Gold shaking table concentration machinery Diesel 6s gemini gold gravity separator shaking table for sale. The mobile scrap metal hammer mills crusher used in stone crusher with low price for gold. $1500.00 - $5000.00 / Set. 1 SetGet Price
lab small size shaking table manufacturer/supplier China lab small size shaking table manufacturer factory list find qualified Chinese lab small size shaking table manufacturers suppliers factories exporters wholesalers quickly on Made-in-China
68L Pull Out Kitchen Bin Under Sink Dual Bins Cupboard Waste Recycling Bin. $99.96 $219.95.!Get Price
Jan 08 2020 · Blast Room System design is customized as per customer demand it can completely automate or manually type. We are the largest manufacturers of Sand Blasting Room Grit Blasting Machine Shot Blasting Chamber Abrasive Blasting Booth in India at a low price. Leading Manufacturer Supplier and wholesaler of Shot and AbrasiveGet Price
China Jxsc 1 Tph Shaking Table For Pcb Recycling In Usa. Shaking table mineral separation is an inclined table the combined action of the symmetrical reciproing motion of a mechanical slab and the flow of water on a thin inclined plane causes loose layering and zoning of ore particles on the table surface thereby causing the mineral separation process to be carried out according toGet Price
High Capacity Gold Separation Shaking TableGet Price Gold Sand Separating Machine. high separation gold offers 2268 gold sand separating machine products. About 59 of .Wet Gold Ore Dressing Mineral Separate Shaking Table Price. Get Price Gold Separating Machine Mining Shake Table. Inquire Now high capacity gold separator shaking table for sale.Get Price
May 08 2021 · May 8 2021. May 8 2021. Digvijay Singh.Get Price
China Custom Design Waste Lithium Battery Recycling Line Waste Phone Battery 18650 Battery Recycling Line for Sale Find details about China Lithium Battery Recycling Line Battery Recycling Line from Custom Design Waste Lithium Battery Recycling Line Waste Phone Battery 18650 Battery Recycling Line for Sale - Mingxin Metallurgy Equipment Co. Ltd.Get Price
Copper Separation Table For Sale. mineral processing copper separation shaking table for salechina low price wet minerals shaking table separation is one of the important dressing equipment depending on the gravity. it is widely used in to classify the .copper separation table for salesmall copper separation shaking tables for sale picture from jiangxi victor international mining equipmentGet PriceGet Price
1lt table top wet grinder india models. Brayden Crusho Table Top Wet Grinder with Coconut Scrapper Atta Kneader Citrus Juicer Copper Motor 2L 140W (Pink) 3.8 out of 5 stars 40 ₹3799.00 ₹ 379900 ₹5499.00 (31% off)Get Price
Orchid White Round Solid Quartz Table White with grey veining Calata quartz top; Diameter available: 132.1 cm (52 in.) 111.8 cm (44 in.) or 91.4 cm (36 in.)Get Price
Evolution 800B Mitre Saw Stand with Extension Arms (48911) Product rating. 4.7. out of 5 stars. (981) 150kg Max. Load Capacity. Extendable Supports. Folding Legs.Get Price
Redditek Heavy Duty Stainless Steel Workbench. Perfect for use in clean and hygienic work environments. 1.2mm thick 75 x 50mm grade 304 stainless steel construction. All worktop edges turned down and corners welded. 20 - 25 working days. From £548.00. Options. keyboard_arrow_right Dimensions W x D x H.Get Price
Sandblasting Cabinet. Sandblasting cabinet is another type of sand blasting.Get Price
Long Working Life Gold Mining Process 6S Low Price Shaking Table. $960.00 - $2800.00 / Set. 1 Set (Min. Order) Widely Used Gravity Way Recovery Gold Silver Separating Shaking Table. $960.00 - $ Small Scale Precious Metal Mining Machinery Plants Alluvial Gold Mining Equipment Trommel Washing Plant Gold Separator Machine. US $9500 - 12000Get Price
2020 Low price mini/small portable jaw crusher Min. Order: 1.0 Sets FOB Price: $4600.00 - $12000.00 / Set 2020 Competitive price gold stone w 2020 Competitive price gold stone wet pan mill from Zhengzhou ManufactGet Price
Grit Blasting Machine Manufacturer. A portable Grit Blasting machine is a machine that uses abrasive materials with air pressure to clean or prepare surfaces for painting. Grit blast can also be used for the destruction of sand it is also used to remove contaminated substances from metal products.Get Price
It is not only widely applied on separating tungsten the tin the tantalum niobium and other rare metals and the noble metal ore. Gold Shaker Table Table Concentrator. The effective recycling range of shaking table is 2-0.22mm when processing the tungsten tin and other metal ore materials. low price Beside Table Side Table Iron TableGet Price
Kuber Industries Plastic Dustbin Garbage Bin with Handle5 Liters (Pink) -CTKTC037970 Pack of 1. by Kuber Industries. 1046. ₹249.00. ₹249.00 FREE Delivery. No Minimum order value for first order in this egory Details. Delivery by: Saturday July 24.Get Price
Established in 1998 Gongyi City GYKR Machinery Factory Co. ltd. is a professional manufacturer and exporter that is concerned with the design development and production of copper wire recyclingGet Price
Industrial vacuum cleaners provide thorough cleaning of carpets and hardflooring for various workplaces and commercial spaces. Our models are sourced from reputable brands that are renowned for their cleaning effectiveness helping to provide a cleanGet Price
Gold Sorting Table Shaking Table Price 7.6 M2 Beneficiation Area 4 6 Copper Separation Best Gold Sorting Shaking Table Box $200.00-$442.00 / Set 1 Set (Min. Order)Get Price
China Shaking Table manufacturer Mining Equipment silie newtype building material refractory material fertilizer ore dressing of ferrous metal and nonferrous metal glass ceramics etc and the ball mill can grind various ores and other materials with dry type and wet type. SINOLINKING China Low Price Small Alluvial Clay GoldGet PriceGet Price
Conventional recycling process of demolition waste creates about 25 - 30 % fines (mostly < 8 mm) which has low quality - grain size distribution organic content and high ammount of brittle particles - and can therefore only be used in low price appliions. The new wetGet Price
Sand blasting machine Cabinet type are two types according to their shapes and size :1. Small sand blasting cabinet. In small sandblasting cabinet: small casted and fabried components broken chargers small castings related components such as cylinder automobile components turbochargers Small cabinets can be classified as small sandblasting cabinetGet PriceDeutsche Bundesbank warns of growing risks
At the presentation of the Financial Stability Report on Thursday, Bundesbank Vice-President Claudia Buch addressed warning words to the German banks. She is concerned that the financial stability might be under threat. “The vulnerabilities of the German financial system to unexpected macroeconomic developments are growing further,” Buch explained.
According to Buch, the proportion of risky creditors in the balance sheets of German financial institutions has continued to rise. “Banks are now increasingly financing the very enterprises that would be the first to encounter problems in the event of an unexpected economic deterioration,” she said. Rising real estate prices would also represent an increasing risk for the banks.
As a result, Moody’s changed its rating for the German banking system from “neutral” to “negative”. Financial Times
(Image rights: Deutsche Bundesbank)for instance or have had a co-worker that appears to somehow manage to get up early every day prior to work to exercise preserves}
Insurance protection also will not be a choice. But, unless you have fantastic insurance with a low deductible, the expense of treatment will likely be a fantastic worth to you compared to options.
Client care and personal privacy
Grade: 9
Great, attentive service and a healthy dedication to customer personal privacy are two measures of a business’s regard for its customers. So how does BetterHelp accumulate? Does it offer devoted client service specialists who provide effective and prompt assistance when problems emerge? How well does the company secure your data and honor your desire for privacy? What measures does BetterHelp require to secure your delicate info?
In a nutshell, BetterHelp is devoted to security, privacy, and quality– and it shows. Given that BetterHelp doesn’t work with insurance or employers, there isn’t even a standard level of information-sharing in between such entities, which suggests maximum personal privacy for you.
What is the BetterHelp debate? Can I Use Insurance On Betterhelp
BetterHelp is the biggest online therapy platform worldwide. Ad tech expert, Alon Matas, founded the business in 2013 after seeking treatment for depression. He learned that many people who need it weren’t getting aid. Elements such as absence of gain access to, accessibility, expense, trouble, and fear make in-person therapy challenging for many people. Online therapy platforms like BetterHelp make every effort to use an easier, more comfortable, and more inexpensive way to get assistance.
The need for online treatment has skyrocketed in the last couple of years. According to the CDC, 40% of American adults experienced mental health or drug abuse concerns throughout the coronavirus pandemic. It took a hefty toll on more youthful adults, important workers, individuals of color, and caretakers. While online therapy became the only choice for most throughout this time, favorable experiences assisted many people recognize that it’s a viable option in a post-pandemic world, too.
All of us can take advantage of talking with a therapist. Everybody faces barriers in life that can get in the way of our happiness or become roadblocks to our objectives. And in some cases, when goals themselves change, we require help navigating and coping with tough feelings.
BetterHelp therapists are all extremely qualified to assist you as you look for to improve your life. The business also works with therapists who concentrate on particular locations of concern, consisting of however not restricted to:
Depression
Tension
Anxiety
Self-esteem
Life changes
Parenting
Relationships
Religion
Sexuality
Identity
Anger
Addiction
Consuming
Sleep
PTSD
Grief
Household conflict
Try BetterHelp
Additional services
In addition to individual therapy, the BetterHelp homepage lists Couples and Teen counseling options. Each of these services sends you to a sibling site when picked– Regain.us for couples and TeenCounseling.com for teenagers. Prices for these services is similar to BetterHelp, and all therapists meet the exact same high standards and go through the exact same extensive screening. Can I Use Insurance On Betterhelp
Better help reviews
BetterHelp has a separate site committed to LGBTQIA counseling, called Pride Therapy. Its services are just as budget-friendly and structured as the parent business, but therapists with Pride Therapy concentrate on supplying therapy to individuals in the LGBTQIA neighborhood. Pride Therapy likewise safeguards your personal privacy and anonymity as rigorously as BetterHelp.
possibly somebody else that you have actually known in the past great work ethic actually an assertive communicator simply seems normally like he understands what’s going on with life has everything found out so now that we have these images in mind of someone with anxiety and someone that apparently does not wish to shift gears a little bit to talk to you about a working alcoholic we’ve all heard this term so what does it mean when we say somebody’s a functioning alcoholic or normally describing someone that most likely does have some type of issue with alcohol however they’re able to preserve their job they’re able to maintain relationships family however the issue I guess is that sometimes they’re not able to keep those things in healthy ways and it’s very tough often to identify a working alcoholic due to the fact that they have the ability to keep some elements of their life together so leaping back to the initial subject here of somebody with high functioning depression otherwise known as dysthymia it’s truly tough to recognize these people sometimes and sometimes people with high-functioning depression or experiencing dysthymia are typically challenging to identify we’re not seeing these obvious traits of an extremely depressed individual no catatonic states in fact people with high-functioning anxiety are typically able to keep actually healthy lifestyles great relationships with other individuals and that and it vertically practically makes the danger a little bit scarier in a various kind of way why someone with overt signs really difficult to interact to them that perhaps they must consider finding help on their own so when we think of psychological health services in general there currently is a quite big preconception around this a great deal of people out there grownups in the United States for instance have a difficult time looking. Many individuals prefer it to their standard in-person treatment.
A safe and safe platform
Full compliance with HIPAA law
Greater price for some people, compared to in-person therapy
The choice of privacy
High standards for its therapists
A straightforward experience whether you use the app or the website
Who are the therapists?
The most crucial resource BetterHelp offers is its wide selection of highly qualified therapists. It was gotten by Teladoc, Inc. in 2015, the business continues to use the very same strenuous therapist application procedure in order to vet therapists and keep abilities test
Therapists are also subject to ongoing quality monitoring, enhancement, and client feedback throughout their tenure at BetterHelp.
greater for them since they don’t want to clue individuals in their lives in to the fact that they might be struggling with something or that they may require help with something therefore for individuals experiencing this we have a tough time finding them and they have a tough time finding help because you understand perhaps some part of them does not truly wish to be determined where this other part does however we do not know how to find them so what are we looking for in order to determine whether we ourselves are having a hard time with this or someone search for is this general sense of sadness going back to this image you may have of this depressed person you could be thinking somebody sobbing all day simply having a hard time with life dropped over catatonic even possibly not moving quite you’re not going to actually see this with someone with high operating anxiety however rather like I said a general and subtle sense of sadness most of the time nearly every day if not every day and it’s a bit inexplicable often you can’t actually tell where this feeling is coming from or pinpoint any specific trigger that injured your feelings or anything like that some other things to be trying to find and thinking about is the failure or you know the loss of ability to experience happiness loss of interests and things that you utilized to really find to be something that makes you feel good or bring some type of fulfillment to your life you might likewise notice diminished energy so like Can I Use Insurance On Betterhelp.
I stated not necessarily not having the ability to rise but simply decreased you feel tired out individuals struggling with high working depression experienced these things like I said really self-critical feeling a lot of guilt and shame about the past and even the future things that haven’t even took place yet this is something that a lot of people could not be dealing with you might likewise be thinking about this depressed individual who seems unfortunate all the time however there’s other feelings associated with anxiety.Komatsu America Corp. has partnered with Propeller Aero Inc. in an effort to boost drone data efficiency on construction sites.
Propeller Aero Inc. provides drone mapping and analytics software to help people measure and manage their sites.
With drones becoming a,” said. With Propeller, Komatsu says it found an “exceptionally robust product” that is well-suited to meet the needs of modern construction operations.
Propeller’s processing machinery crunches thousands of drone images in a matter of hours, and delivers the results in a cloud-based 3D model right to the user’s desktop or tablet.
You may also like:
NVIDIA and Komatsu partner to bring AI to jobsites
Komatsu’s new electric rope shovel boasts a 122.5 tonne payload
Komatsu launches new 3D semi-automatic excavator
From there, powerful collaboration and analysis tools let users perform height, volume and slope calculations, as well as measure change over time to confirm a project is on track.
“Worksites are starting to see the real business value of accurate, up-to-date drone data,” said John Frost, vice president of business development at Propeller.
“We drive that value through workflows that enable everyone to understand who’s moved what material, how much and where. It’s all about empowering worksites coordination systems, including local site calibrations. This allows personnel to capture up-to-date survey data expressed in the specific geospatial coordinates they already use on that job site. Local grid support is crucial for ensuring drone-captured maps and models match with plans and previous surveys.
Propeller is now available through a widespread network of Komatsu dealers. Komatsu Equipment Company (KEC), located in Salt Lake City, was among the first to roll out Propeller’s drone solutions to Komatsu customers as a result of this partnership.
“Anyone can fly a drone — it’s what you do with the data that makes an impression,” said.”STEPS
INGREDIENTS
Firstly start by sifting a cup of icing sugar into a bowl
Add some water and mix with a spoon until smooth mixture is achieved
Add a droplet of blue food die (the recommended amount on the instructions of the bottle)
Mix the blue food die in with the icing mixture until completely blue (add more food die to achieve the colour you want)
Repeat the process with pink food die
Evenly spread blue icing over one cupcake with the flat part of a bread knife to receive a smooth texture
Repeat with pink icing
Add edible flower pieces around the cupcake (bought from supermarket or cake supplies store), ensuring to leave a space at opposite ends of the cupcake for the licorice handle
Cut the meter strip of licorice into a 7cm strip (1cm in width). Repeat this for each cupcake
Pull the cupcake wrapper out and place one end of the licorice in to the side of the cupcake. Repeat to the other side of the cupcake and push the cupcake wrapper back in to keep the licorice in place
The licorice should now look like this: joining from one side to the other to make the handle of the flower basket
Repeat to all cupcakes
Repeat to as many cupcakes as you like!
- 1.0c Icing sugar
- Food die (blue/pink)
- Flower decorations
- 2.0 Cupcakes
- 3.0 1 meter of black licorice (or licorice twists)
The ConversationEpisode 29: The Beautiful Wardrobe of Our Lady with Anthony DeStefano
June 9th, 2020
32 mins 31 secs
About this Episode
Anthony DeStefano has written Christian books of various genres for adults and children. His most recent title is Our Lady's Wardrobe wherein he poetically tells the stories of Mary apparitions in a beautifully illustrated book available from Sophia Institute Press. Allow yourself to become enamored with the beauty of Our Lady.
Anthony DeStefano's Website:
Our Lady's Wardrobe from Sophia Institute Press:Arc Digitech To Offer Free SEO Consultation And Website Audit For Businesses
Arc Digitech is turning heads with its free SEO consultancy to businesses from all industries and market segment. This organization is well aware of the importance of search engine optimization in modern times. Hence, a free consultation is an enticing and lucrative offer from them for any business.
Over the years of its presence in the digital marketing industry, this SEO Company in Pune has successfully catered to the needs of its clients. Arc Digitech is known for its quality SEO services and an array of other services in this field. The company has successfully completed numerous national and international projects which have increased their client’s ROIs.
By visiting their website, an individual can get an SEO audit that shows various factors where a website is lagging behind. In this competitive market, it is imperative to be more focused on SEO. Without proper ranking in SERP, an organization runs the risk of losing leads and thus, losing potential customers.
On being asked about the Free Website Audit Consultation, Samrat Biswajit, Founder, Arc Digitech said, “My team and I understand that every business entity requires an adequate online presence to survive in today’s market. Hence, we offer services which will enhance it and help them to rank in SERP easily. Arc Digitech also offers solutions to any search engine optimization related problem which comes into light after auditing a site.“
To get exceptional online visibility, Arc Digitech offer services associated with social media marketing. The company’s experts handle marketing through social media platforms like Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, etc. for engaging more potential customers. They also offer content writing services along with Pay per click ad management for acquiring maximum customers.
The free Website Audit consultation is aimed at leading business to rank at the top of SERP, which will offer ideal visibility and a colossal amount of traffic daily. Hence, whether it is a small, medium or a large-scale business, one requires hiring an SEO expert to enhance visibility on SERP after going through the free consultation.Create a built-in kitchen for your truck and experience more comfortable travel using the best three electric kettles. This list is recommended for truckers, with various water capacity and outlet voltage for you to choose.
Tag:
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this. Accept Read the Privacy PolicyThere are just a few weeks left until the official start of summer 2021. So, the beach vibes are already in the air. If you wonder what reads to add to your beach reading list, then you are in the right place. Here are 7 of the best beach reads of all time.
#1. Of Women and Salt by Gabriela Garcia
The first book we encourage you to add to your beach reading list highlights how the past impacts the present. The main character Jeannette struggles with addiction. Her process of healing includes travelling to Cuba in order to learn more about her family history. As a result of this, she finds out how trauma is passed down from one generation to another.
#2. Young Woman and the Sea by Glenn Stout
The next of the best summer reads of all time tells the story of Trudy Ederle. Nobody believed that this young lady would be able to swim the English Channel in 1926. However, she even managed to beat the men’s world record by almost two hours.
#3. Sex and Vanity by Kevin Kwan
If you like Crazy Rich Asians, then you may also find this other book by Kevin Kwan quite appealing. Sex and Vanity is a beach novel telling the story of Lucie Churchill and George Zao. As soon as they meet in Capri, they feel drawn to each other. However, it isn’t until they meet for a second time in East Hampton that the suppressed attraction comes to the surface.
Thing is, Lucie is there on a vacation with her fiancé. So, she and George are the only ones who know about their summer romance.
#4. Summer on the Bluffs by Sunny Hostin
Our list of the best beach books of all time continues with a novel taking place in the most exclusive Black beach community in America. Amelia Vaux Tanner is the owner of the cottage Chateau Laveau, where her three grownups “goddaughters” gather together each summer. Yet, Ama is about to move and sell the house, so the three women must face a few secrets.
#5. The Mother-in-Law by Sally Hepworth
If you are looking for a family thriller, then definitely consider The Mother-in-Law. Lucy’s mother-in-law Diana is found dead with a suicide note. Nevertheless, the autopsy reveals evidence of suffocation. Add this book to your beach reading list to learn more about all Lucy’s attempts to please Diana and what has actually caused her death.
#6. The Bride Test by Helen Hoang
The next addicting read tells the story of an arranged relationship between the autist Khai and the Vietnamese Esme who has a deep need to belong. While you read this modern romantic book, you will have the chance to gain a deeper understanding of the different versions of love.
#7. The Wedding Date by Jasmine Guillory
Our beach reading list would not be complete without the steamy and romantic novel of Jasmine Guillory. It tells the story of Drew Nichols and Alexa Monroe who oftentimes get trapped with each other in an elevator. Drew invites Alexa to accompany him to a friend’s wedding as his fake date. Yet, after the event is over, they cannot stop thinking about each other.
This report is the second in a series of analyses from MapLight exploring the influence of money on politics in cities in Silicon Valley. See also our work in San Jose, Palo Alto, and Mountain View.
Introduction
Money in politics influences the political process at every level: who runs for office, who wins, who lawmakers listen to, and what policies get passed. According to a MapLight analysis, in Daly City, California, corporations, unions, and a handful of wealthy donors (mostly from outside city boundaries) play a disproportionate role in elections.
During the 2018 election, the four candidates running for city council in Daly City, competing for three citywide seats, brought in a total of $123,000. The three candidates who were elected each received more money than the sole runner-up. Of all the money raised, only half came from individual donors, and just 10 percent came from city residents. In Daly City, large contributors and special interests play a disproportionate role in elections.
Key Findings:
- Money made a difference. The three candidates who were elected were the candidates who raised the most money.
- Funding from Daly City residents was overshadowed by money from corporations, unions, and wealthy individual donors from outside the city. Daly City residents together contributed $11,900 to the four candidates’ campaigns — just 10 percent of all funding.
- Candidates relied on high-dollar donors. Donors giving $500 or more provided half of all money given by individual donors, and a quarter of all money contributed.
- Independent expenditures played a considerable role. Outside groups spent $21,500 supporting city council candidates — an amount comparable to some candidates’ total funding.
- Real estate industry contributions were heavily concentrated on a single candidate. Firms in the real estate industry and their employees provided 18% of Ray Buenaventura’s campaign funds. Buenaventura also benefited from an additional $13,400 in supportive independent expenditures from the California Apartment Association.
The 2018 Election
Three citywide city council seats were up for election in 2018 in Daly City, with four candidates competing for office. Two of these seats were open; councilmembers Judith Christensen and Michael Guingona chose not to run for reelection. Ray Buenaventura, appointed to city council in 2011, was the sole incumbent up for reelection. Buenaventura received the most votes of any candidate, 4,000 more than his closest opponent. Pamela DiGiovanni and Rod Daus-Magbual, who had both previously served on the Daly City Planning Commission, secured the remaining city council seats. The sole runner-up was Gabriella Makstman, who fell 1,500 votes short of securing a city council seat.
Table 1: 2018 Candidates for City Council
Altogether, the four candidates raised $123,000 for their campaigns. Almost half of this money was brought in by incumbent councilmember Ray Buenaventura, who secured $58,700 for his reelection. The two other elected candidates, Daus-Magbual and DiGiovanni, took in $26,900 and $22,700 respectively. The runner-up, Makstman, only received $14,800 — a quarter of what Buenaventura raised.
Sources of Funding
In cities without public funding for elections, there are four funding sources that candidates can pursue when raising money for their campaigns: direct corporate contributions, political committees, individual donors, and self-funding. While no one donor contributed more than $5,000 to a single candidate in 2018, it is worth noting that Daly City does not have any limits on the amount a donor can give to a candidate’s campaign. Individual donors represented the largest source of funding for all four candidates, and both Daus-Magbual and Makstman received the majority of their money from individual donors. In addition to money contributed directly to candidates’ campaigns, some organizations make independent expenditures to support or oppose candidates.
Figure 1: Sources of Candidate Funding
Political Committees
There are four types of political committees that contributed to the city council candidates: unions, trade associations, special interest groups, and other candidates’ campaigns. Of these four, unions gave the most, contributing a total of $30,800 to the winning city council candidates. Half of the union contributions came from the Daly City Police Officers Association, which gave $5,000 to each of the three winning city council candidates. Makstman, the runner-up, did not receive any union money in her run for office.
Two trade associations, the California Realtors Association and the California Apartment Association, gave a total of $8,000 to candidates’ campaigns. Buenaventura received $6,000 from these two groups: $5,000 from the California Association of Realtors and $1,000 from the California Apartment Association. Makstman secured $2,000 from the California Realtors Association. Neither DiGiovanni nor Daus-Magbual received any money from the two trade groups.
A small amount of money ($2,300) was contributed to city council candidates from other candidates’ political campaigns and special interest groups. California State Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon’s political committee gave $1,000 to Daus-Magbaul’s campaign. Other contributing committees included San Mateo County Sheriff Carlos Bolanos, sitting Daly City Mayor Glenn Slyvestor, and local state assembly members Kevin Mullin and Phil Ting. Only one special interest political committee contributed in the 2018 election, Friends of The Filipino American Community, which gave $100 toward Gabriella Makstman’s campaign.
Corporate Contributions
Thirty-one companies donated a total of $19,700 to the city council candidates’ campaigns during the 2018 election cycle. Ray Buenaventura was by far the largest recipient of corporate money. He received $13,200 from companies, compared with only $6,500 received by the other three candidates combined. The largest corporate donor was the Daly City trash and recycling collection firm Republic Services, which gave $1,000 each to Buenaventura and DiGiovanni.
Individual Contributions
Altogether, the city council candidates received $62,000 — 50 percent of their combined funding — from individual donors, including unitemized contributions of less than $100. Gabriella Makstman relied most heavily on individual contributions, bringing in 65 percent of her funds from individuals. In contrast, Ray Buenaventura relied the least on individual contributors, receiving only 45 percent of his campaign cash in this way. Only one candidate for office donated to their own campaign: Rod Daus-Magbual contributed $212 to himself, less than 1 percent of the money he raised.
Of the $55,500 contributed by individuals giving $100 or more to the candidates, only $11,900 can be traced directly to Daly City residents — less than 10 percent of all the money contributed. In comparison, 36 percent of all candidate funding came from people living outside Daly City. These donors were from cities such as San Francisco ($19,300), San Mateo ($3,800), and Lafayette ($3,000). A small fraction of contributions ($1,200) came from donors living outside California.
Independent Expenditures
The majority of money spent in the 2018 election came from candidates’ official campaigns. However, two outside groups spent a total of $21,500 on independent expenditures supporting specific candidates. The Daly City Firefighters spent $8,100 on signs, door hangers, and videos supporting Ray Buenaventura, Pamela DiGiovanni, and Rod Daus-Magbaul — the three winning candidates. Additionally, the California Apartment Association spent $13,400 on mailers in support of Buenaventura. While outside spending in general did not exceed the candidates’ own fundraising, independent expenditures supporting Buenaventura ($16,100) were greater than Makstman’s fundraising total ($14,800).
Zip Code Analysis
Figure 2: Contributions by Zip Code
With only two zip codes in Daly City, it is difficult to develop many conclusions about the neighborhoods from which contributions originated. Ray Buenaventura brought in the most money ($2,800) from the 94015 zip code, followed closely by Makstman who received $2,750 from the same area. Rod Daus-Magbual secured the most funding from the 94014 zip code, taking in $2,100 from this area. He did not receive any contributions from the 94015 zip code. Overall, significantly more money was contributed from outside the city than from city residents, but no single outside zip code contributed more than either zip code within Daly City.
Donor Size
Altogether, city council candidates received a quarter of their funding ($38,700) from individual donors giving at least $500. This money came from approximately 43 individuals, only eight of whom reported Daly City addresses. Among these large donors, 26 gave $1,000 or more; the most any individual contributed to a single candidate was $2,500.
Figure 3: Contributions by Donor Size
On the other end of the spectrum, donors that gave less than $100 to a single candidate are not itemized in the campaign finance reports; only the sum of contributions is recorded. In 2018, these small donors gave $6,500 to candidates — just 5 percent of the candidates’ total receipts. Buenaventura received the fewest contributions from small donors: less than $1,000, which comprised less than 2 percent of his fundraising. Gabriella Makstman took in $1,900 from small donors. And while Pamela DiGiovanni received slightly more ($2,100) from small donors, Makstman’s overall fundraising total meant small donors represented a larger share of her campaign cash: 13 percent of all the money she received, compared to 9 percent of DiGiovanni’s fundraising haul and 6 percent ($1,500) of Daus-Magbual’s.
Donors giving between $100 and $500 to a candidate comprised 20 percent of campaign funding. The $24,500 from these midsized donors came from an estimated 128 individuals.
Candidates received an average contribution of $351 from individual itemized donors during the campaign. Of the four candidates, Ray Buenaventura had the highest average itemized contribution: $413. The other two winning candidates, Daus-Magbual and DiGiovanni, had average itemized contributions of $352 and $308 respectively, and the runner-up, Makstman, had the lowest average itemized contribution: $264.
Top Contributors
By aggregating contributions made by each organization and its employees across all candidates, we can identify the largest contributors in the 2018 election. The top 10 contributors each gave $2,000 or more. Together, these 10 organizations and their employees contributed more than $40,800 — 33 percent of all campaign funding.
Table 2: Top Contributors
Forty-one percent of the money from these top 10 contributors ($16,800) went to Ray Buenaventura. DiGiovanni received 27% and Daus-Magbual received 26% of the top contributors’ funds, while Makstman received the remaining 5%.
The largest contributor by far was the Daly City Police Officers Association, which provided 12% of all candidate funding. In addition to the California Realtors Association and Republic Services, other top contributors included employees of the City & County of San Francisco (one of the area’s largest employers), workers’ unions (AFSCME and UA), attorneys at Kay & Merkle LLP and Cotchett, Pitre & McCarthy LLP, employees of general contractor AGH Commercial, and Bernadette Sy, director of the Filipino American Development Association.
Figure 4: Contributions from Top Contributors by Candidate
In aggregate, companies in the real estate sector and their employees were one of the largest players in the 2018 election. Altogether, real estate-related companies and their employees contributed $15,700 to the city council candidates — 13 percent of the fundraising total. Ray Buenaventura received the most from this industry, bringing in $10,750 directly to his campaign. In addition to contributing $1,000 to Buenaventura’s campaign, the California Apartment Association independently spent another $13,400 on mailers in favor of his reelection. The rest of the money coming from the real estate industry was divided between Daus-Magbual ($2,750), Makstman ($2,100), and DiGiovanni ($100).
Conclusion
Our analysis shows that while candidates for city council in 2018 did not raise exorbitant sums, only a small fraction of that money came from city residents. More money came from unions, corporations, and wealthy donors living outside the city than from actual Daly City residents. Insofar as fundraising influences who runs for office, who they talk to on their campaigns, and which policies they choose to pursue, these special interests and non-resident donors occupy an oversized role in the democratic process.
Methodology
Campaign records for the 2018 election were gathered on December 23, 2019 from the most recently amended filings available via the Daly City government website. Candidates’ total contributions include monetary and non-monetary contributions received between January 1, 2017 and December 31, 2018, excluding outstanding loans and miscellaneous increases to cash.
Unique contributors were estimated by grouping contributions by first name, last name, and zip code. All discussions of resident contributors are based on whether a donor had a Daly City address. Maps, including zip code outlines, were retrieved from DataSF.
Acknowledgments
This report was made possible with support from the Silicon Valley Community Foundation.Looking for digital marketing courses in Bharuch? Then you are at the right place.
Finding a course that is just right for you can be quite a task! Hence, for your convenience, we have shortlisted the 5 Best Digital Marketing Courses in Bharuch along with all necessary course details that you need to know before choosing your course to master your digital marketing skills.
After the Covid-19 pandemic, researchers have found a 20% increase in digital marketing activities of businesses from 2020 Bharuch.
> Bharuch. Digital Raj Academy
Digital Raj Academy since its inception in 2013, has been known for imparting high-quality training in digital marketing.
The academy has trained more than 1000 students and helped more than 10 startups. Their curriculum is designed to meet the in-demand industry needs.
Have a look at the digital marketing course structure.
Course Syllabus
- Digital Marketing
- Search Engine Optimization
- Social Media Marketing
- Web Analytics
- Facebook Ad Marketing
- Landing Page Creation
- Google Tag Manager
- Facebook Chatbot Marketing
Course Duration & Fees
The duration and the fee structure of the digital marketing course are not available. Please contact the institute for more details using the contact information given below.
Course Highlights
- Industry Driven Curriculum
- 100% Placement Assistance
- Mentoring For Your Startup
- Freelancing Guidance
- Personalized Resume Feedback
- 15+ External Certifications
- 1 On 1 Doubt Solving Sessions
- 70+ hours live training
- Practical Training For Paid Marketing
- Client pitch training
- Pay Fees In Easy Installments
- Soft Skill Training And Pre-Placement Guidance
Contact Details
Address: B 91 Narayan Square, Near Parishram classes, link road, Bharuch
Phone: +91 98790 074
Now that we have looked at the 5 best digital marketing courses in Bharuch, let’s look at some common questions.
FAQs – Frequently Asked Questions
Q. What is the fee for a digital marketing course in Bharuch?
The digital marketing course fees in Bharuch 5 best digital marketing courses in Bharuch.Thank you for joining! I’m SO happy you’re here.
Okay, here is how it works. Once you’re signed in, you should have no issues navigating the website and you’ll be automatically signed in.
The Bulletin is where I’ll post announcements, videos, live chats and podcasts. You’ll find my manifesto there, as well as an in-depth video about why I started this new project.
The Letter is where I’ll post the Newsletter!
The Conversation is a place for us to share anything we want and have real conversations. I would start there. Go ahead and say hi!!!
And remember you can always send me an email, if you have any questions.
Big kiss and again, welcome!OAN News
News and Updates from the Ontario AIDS Network as well as our Members and Affiliates
Join Us in Celebrating 15 Years of PLDI Success!
Peterborough AIDS Resource Network Red Scarf Project
Webinar Series on HIV and Aging
GIPA/MEPA Focus Group: A Huge Thank You!
Building Resilience: Proactive Responses to Vicarious Trauma, Compassion Fatigue and BurnoutWade Martinez offers advice that has helped him succeed.
Wade Martinez, president of CBS Services, started his career in 1988 as a high school kid with a lawn mower and a dream. More than two decades later, he’s grown the Houston-based business into a multi-million dollar landscape and irrigation firm that’s expanded into all areas of professional outdoor landscaping and sprinkler construction. But Martinez says he’s never forgotten where he started out.
He offers the following five tips for achieving growth.
Get out the pen and paper
“Write down your specific goals and objectives – weekly, monthly, semi-annual and yearly,” Martinez says. “Many overlook this simple task, but it is paramount in keeping your business on track for success. Wandering aimlessly in your pursuit of a successful business will lead you out of business.”
Aim for organic growth
Martinez says the best kind of growth is organic – through your existing client base. The best way to do this is to work hard at maintaining customer relationships. “Stay in front of your customers at least six times per year with thank you letters, requests for referrals, coupon mailers, greeting cards and more,” Martinez says. “Provide excellent customer service. Customers who have had a pleasant buying experience with you will buy from you again – and tell their friends.”
Maximize your web presence
It’s a technology day-and-age and it’s critical for any successful business to have a functional website, says Martinez. But there are many more online opportunities beyond a website. “Register with all of the search engines, get online reviews, post blogs, create YouTube videos and market with Google AdWords,” he says. “Increasing the information posted on the web about your company enhances your Search Engine Optimization (SEO) and makes it more likely for potential customers to find you.”
Remember “cash-flow is king”
“Under-capitalization is one of the biggest reasons businesses fail,” Martinez says. “As you grow, monitor your receivables daily or weekly and endlessly try to find ways to save on your expenses.”
Go for great
Don’t let the fact that your company is doing well stop you from becoming great, says Martinez. When things are going well, it’s easy to stop pushing as hard as you were when you were looking for big growth. But you should never stop improving and trying to learn more. Martinez says, “According to Jim Collins, the best-selling author, ‘Good is the enemy of.As the summer heat continues, so do the winners at Silver Tee’s mini golf course!
Already (and considering this shortened season…) we’ve given $1,400 away to 14 lucky mini golfers!
What can you do to win? Just play mini golf at Silver Tee… and of course, sink the ball in the marked location on the 19th hole… good luck!
Congrats to our winners so far this year! Here are a few of them…Photo by Kimberly Sentner
YIELD: Makes about 40 cookies
ACTIVE TIME: 10 minutes plus cooling
TOTAL TIME: 34 minutes, switching and rotating the pans half way through, until cookies are golden and somewhat firm to the touch. Transfer cookies with a metal spatula to racks and let cool completely. Repeat with remaining dough.:
Reprinted with permission from Real Food for Healthy Kids by Tanya Wenman Steel and Tracey Seaman, (C) 2008 William Morrow Cookbooks/An imprint of HarperCollins PublishersVacancy Ref. No: BIRAC/Vac/01/2019.
Interested Candidates should apply at vacancy.birac@nic.in in the prescribed format.
i) For details of job descriptions and qualifications please see BIRAC-Doc-I enclosed here.
iI) Application Proforma (enclosed BIRAC-Doc2)
iii) Details are also requested to be filled in the excel format BIRAC-doc 8th March, 2019.
Notwithstanding anything contained herein or elsewhere; the decisions taken by BIRAC shall be binding upon all concerned.Behind the scenes of a war bunker
Fifty years ago the world was so worried about nuclear war that special bunkers were made to protect people if the bombs went off.
In the 1950s and 60s, children and adults thought that war was a real possibility.
Much of the world was split into two sides - on one side, Communist countries like the Soviet Union and China and on the other, capitalist countries like the USA and UK.
Both sides had enough missiles to wipe out tens of millions of people and in 1962 the world came the closest it ever has done to nuclear war.
Hayley's been to see a bunker from the time that is still there today, buried deep underground.Orders that include an item that is currently out of stock will not ship until the entire order is complete. Please allow extra time for delivery while we limit our staff's working hours due to Covid-19. In addition, all mail carriers are experiencing delays.
Something for Christmas
“What are.Product SKU:We're 181 Members
We're 102 Members
We're 217 Moms
We're 110 Fabulous Mamas
We're 55 Reading, MA Moms
We're 832 Moms and kids
We're 225 Moms
We're 42 members
We're 82 Moms and Caregivers
We're 52 Moms & Kids
We're 29 Members
We're 20 Members
We're 138 Moms
We're 39 Latin Girlfriends
We're 71 moms, pregnant ladies
We're 82 mamaleh
We're 29 Moms, Entrepreneurs, Leaders
We're 99 Members
We're 61 Founding Moms
We're 39 Chinese Stay At Home Moms
We're 301 Members
We're 13 Moms
We're 139 Members
We're 19 Mamabakers
We're 43 Members
We're 69 Moms
We're 60 members
We're 15 Moms
We're 7 hot moms
We're 28 moms
We're 764 Happy parents and babes
We're 145 Moms & Kids
We're 757 Newton Mamas
We're 567 Russian Expats
We're 91 Mompreneurs
We're 89 Working moms and dads
We're 13 ummas
We're 510 Single Mothers
We're 42 Healthy Moms
We're 94 Moms
We're 47 Jewish parents or caregivers
We're 52 momtrepreneurs
We're 129 Moms
We're 70 Artists of the South Shore
We're 7 Natural Mama
We're 6 Step Moms/Dads
We're 20 Working Parents of Preschoolers
We're 122 Members
We're 219 Happy mothers-to-be
We're 49 Moms and Moms to Be
We're 70 FwYC
We're 152 MV Moms
We're 12 Love In Naturally Friends
We're 76 Moms
We're 2 Members
We're 4 Moms
We're 87 Stay at home moms
We're 19 Beyond moms
We're 36 Fun-Loving Mamas
We're 5 Cool Parents
Women wanted
We're 7,801 Boston Volunteers
We're 724 SOBs
We're 702 Mamas
We're 815 Single Parents
We're 346 Mentors/Parents/Kids
We're 856 Friends of the Boston Dyke March
We're 450 Girlfriends
We're 253 Mamas
We're 323 Parents, caregivers & kids
We're 91 Supporters
We're 247 Families with Young Children
We're 59 Parents
We're 762 Happy Parents and babies
We're 32 Parents & Kiddies
We're 298 Boston Wing Women
We're 28 Members
We're 472 Photography Students
We're 555 Members
We're 45 Desi Single Parents of Boston
We're 43 Parents
We're 192 Shqipëtar/Albanians
We're 80 Families
We're 68 Exhausted Parents
We're 247 Fun Families
We're 406 Crafty Ladys
We're 76 spanish playgroupers
We're 111 Caregivers
We're 410 smartyGirls
We're 125 Singles
We're 20 Boot campers
We're 148 music-loving moms & dads
We're 47 Z Crew
We're 188 Parents & Babies
We're 50 Villagers
We're 60 Outdoorsy Parents
Toddler-3yrs wanted
We're 250 New to Network Marketings
We're 60 Members2014 British Open Winner and Scores
Winner: Rory McIlroy, 271
Where it was played: Royal Liverpool Golf Club in Merseyside, England
Tournament dates: July 17-20, 2014
Leader after first round: Rory McIlroy, 66
Leader after second round: Rory McIlroy, 132
Leader after third round: Rory McIlroy, 200
Notable Notes: His pursuers made up ground on Rory McIlroy in the final round, but there was just too much of it to make up completely: McIlroy led by six strokes after the third round. ... McIlroy shot 71 in Round 4. His lead was only two after the 13th hole, but he increased it to three after Sergio Garcia made bogey on the 15th. ... McIlroy was just the sixth golfer to hold the outright lead after all four rounds in this major. ... It was McIlroy's third victory in a major championship.
Final ScoresNews
Release
Professor Sean Kay to Discuss U.S. Foreign Policy on WOSU’s ‘All Sides with Ann Fisher’
October 2, 2009
The program may be heard by tuning into 820 AM or by logging onto. The show will be replayed at 7 p.m. and then archived online for listening on demand.
Kay is the author of “Global Security in the Twenty-First Century” and is considered one of the nation’s leading NATO experts.
“All Sides with Ann Fisher” is a two-hour, daily public-affairs talk show designed cover issues and events that shape life in central Ohio.Description: Specialty Show for Salukis
Address: Hazelmere RV Park & Campground, 18843 8 Avenue, Surrey, BC V3S 9R9
Closing Date: Tuesday, July 04, 2017 @ 12:00 noon (Pacific)
Related Results
Conformation:
Saturday, July 29
Judging Panel
Conformation - Karen Doyle (British Columbia, Canada)
Sweepstakes - Darien Adley (British Columbia, Canada)
Forms & Links
Premium List
Judging Schedule
Show Secretary
Kathy Holmes
# 6 - 815 Dunsmuir Crescent
Ladysmith, BC V9G 1R9
Phone: 250-245-0670
Related Specialties
BC German Shepherd Dog Club - 2 Specialty Shows for German Shepherd Dogs
German Shepherd Dog Club of Canada - 2 Regional Specialty Shows for German Shepherd Dogs
Metro Valley Afghan Hound Association - Specialty Show for Afghan Hounds
Miniature Dachshund Club of BC - Specialty Show for Miniature Dachshunds
Saluki Club Of Canada - Regional Specialty Show for Salukis
Western Gazehound Club - Specialty Show for all Sighthounds
Related Events
Pacific,360 visitors.
- Canuck Dogs receives on average 127,180 visitors a day.
- Last month Canuck Dogs received 6,087,010 visitors.
- Since March 26, 2010, Canuck Dogs received 538,989,737 visitors.Difference between revisions of "1977-11-26 Marvin Hagler w co 12 (15) Mike Colbert, The Garden, Boston, Massachusetts, USA - MASSACHUSETTS"
Latest revision as of 01.Best Practices in Contemporary Dance is a queer form of conversation between technology and bodies. Since April 2020, the beginning of 1st COVID-Lockdown, Jorge Guevara and Naoto Hieda meet weekly online to #practice for an hour: to distort and alter videos of themselves and each other, namely, in the pixel space. They do not define what tools and elements are to be used; thus the practice is improvisational and performative. It may include spontaneous reading, writing, eating or body painting. The project is not intended for perfection; the practice itself is the outcome and the objective is to foster a fluid, queer form of conversation where technology and bodies exist without hierarchy and functionality.
The artists promote the use of open and free software. Most of the visuals are generated and modified by Hydra, a live-coding environment created by Olivia Jack. Videos are streamed on LiveLab, a video-call platform for performing arts created by CultureHub. Sessions are recorded and streamed by OBS Studio.
It is important that we strictly keep the limit of 1 hour (sometimes 2 hours) to finish the practice; once the practice starts, there is no going back. This way helps us to dissociate our performative identities from ourselves to be free of prejudice and judgements of ourselves – as human beings within social structures. We call this method sandboxing referring to the term used in software development.
Another important aspect of the practice is a #chat – a casual discussion lasts for roughly an hour between the duo to reflect on and theorize the practices. The topic includes conceptual ideas such as self-dissociation and concrete ideas like the stage design of the desktop where the cursor, windows and tabs are the actors. In the past chat sessions, there have been invited guests such as Joana Chicau (designer), Flor de Fuego (media artist), Liza Futerman (dancer), Ulrike Kuchner (astrophysicist) and Jo Caimo (visual artist). All the practice and chat sessions are recorded to create a massive online archive on YouTube that can be revisited.
There is a history of dance-tech since the 20th century from Oskar Schlemmer to Merce Cunningham and Nam June Paik to today’s notable figures such as Mária Júdová, Choy Ka Fai, Mio Loclair and Raphael Hillebrand, to name a few. Nevertheless, the artists believe that the field of dance-tech is still in its early days. Rather than using technology as a service for a dance piece (or vice versa), coders, artists, dancers and choreographers need to develop a vocabulary to accommodate technological flesh and embodied code as a practice. Then, dance-tech will no longer be an interdisciplinary collaboration but become a discipline in itself. By publishing practice and chat videos, they contribute to a wider audience in the community to stimulate practice-based approaches.
Furthermore, the artists have started to experiment with medium outside digital videos. Recently, Jorge has published a magazine-thesis about the practices, and Naoto has exhibited banners and posters in public spaces based on the screenshots of the practices during KHM Open.
The work has been presented at PAF (Performing Arts Forum; Saint-Erme, France), NODE20 (Frankfurt, Germany) and ImPulsTanz (Vienna, Austria) among other venues. The next sharing is planned at NEW NOW (Essen, Germany) on September 18th, 2021.
Best-Practices | Best-Chat | Jorge Guevara | Naoto Hieda
Jorge Guevara is a Colombian artist based in Brussels whose work lies in the intersection of interface technologies and sociology, with a strong body-oriented approach. Coming from a Master’s degree in Contemporary Dance he studies Multimedia & Communication Technology, with a focus on live visuals, generative motion design and digital interfaces. His choreographies propose playgrounds where the body in time-space becomes a source of non-binary knowledge. By opening up access to information he attempts to deconstruct the hierarchical structures that exist in the art world. His platform Designing Art focuses on the translation between art direction & its technical implementation. He creates frameworks with a responsive/interactive/relational aspect where the subject of attention is the public, where the people come together. His focus is on decolonizing knowledge where the body is a source of healing.
Naoto Hieda is an artist enrolled in Diplom II at Kunsthochschule für Medien. They question the productive aspect of coding to speculate its new form, namely post-coding, through neurodiversity and live-coding.When you spend an overwhelming amount of time on the internet, you begin to notice things, and that's exactly what happened when Jacquemus debuted its FAMILY LOVE campaign this week.
We've already taken a look at the campaign itself, which also happens to be one of Jacquemus' best ones, but what we failed to spot are the Nike shoes that are worn by some of the campaign's cast.
The rumor mill has been churning since February last year when frequent Nike collaborator Yoon Ahn from AMBUSH posted a picture on Instagram with the caption, "CHECKS OVER STRIPES." The image features some of the Swoosh's most well-known partners, including Travis Scott, Virgil Abloh, Matthew Williams, Hiroshi Fujiwara, Tom Sachs, Drake, Martine Rose, and more. In the photo, Simon Porte Jacquemus is also featured. But he doesn't have a Nike collaboration – yet.
When the FAMILY LOVE campaign made its way around the internet, I couldn't help but notice that the shoes worn in the images are very obviously Nike. Although they may not be a collaboration, they may be our second piece of evidence in this saga.
One of the pairs featured is the Nike Shox, in a black colorway accented by a metallic Swoosh. Additionally, a white sneaker is featured, and after a closer look, it seems to be the Nike Air Series 6E or 6F.
Both the Shox, 6E, and 6F silhouettes have a distinct 2000s aesthetic, yet have a low profile and go well with Jacquemus' minimal yet eye-catching and refined aesthetic.
It remains to see whether there's a collaboration in the works, but in terms of timeline, it makes complete sense. Most often it takes approximately two or three seasons for a footwear partnership to come together, and with the picture posted in February 2020, it means we're getting closer to a potential reveal.
There's yet no information, just speculation, but all signs point to Jacquemus x Nike. You heard it here first.vcc
Bright Start Academy Overland
9636 Midland Blvd
Saint Charles, MO 63301
9636 Midland Blvd, Saint Charles, MO 63301
314-426-3676 314-426-3676
Bright Start Academy Overland
9636 Midland Blvd
Saint Charles, MO 63301
9636 Midland Blvd
Saint Charles, MO 63301
314-426-3676 314-426-367 Start Academy Overland located in Saint Charles, MO is a center that provide a safe, clean, interactive, fun and exciting environment where your child can learn while having fun. The center has a comprehensive program from Infant, Toddler, PreSchool, Pre-K, and Kindergarten.
Total Employees: 1.Amazing opportunity to own a corner lot duplex with lovely mountain views. This hard to find beach style home has the added benefit of rental income for an owner occupant. Owners unit is 2 bed 2 bath with a private patio and hot tub with an additional detached bonus space which can be used for an office, artist studio, storage or perfect for an extended family. Rental unit is 1 bed 1 bath plus 2 optional rooms. with solar and RV parking. Located minutes from SDSU, freeways, La Mesa Village and shopping. The property has a 2 car garage and Tuff Shed for extra storage. Property is equipped with SOLAR. The 2BR/2BA is equipped with Mini Split Systems for cooling. The private patio is secure and has a hot tub.
Listing courtesy of Dan Brophy from Flying Dog Enterprises.Speed and Strength
Speed and Strength Rust and Redemption™ Hat
- SKU:
- 878704-P
- UPC:
- MPN:
- 878704
- Availability:
- Ships within 1 Business Day
Frequently bought together:
Description
The Speed and Strength Rust and Redemption motorcycle baseball hat makes a great addition to your cap lineup. With a sweet graphic that covers the bulk of the front two panels of this stretch fit hat, you'll enjoy style and comfort.
- Flexfit® Ball Cap
- 6 Panel, Mid Profile
- Stretch Fit
- Curved VisorHarper Collins Easy Learning First Phonics Activity Book - English
3 to 4 Years, 24 pages, Colorful and motivating activities to boost confidence Product ID: 9298941 - See Details
COLOR
firstcry club benefits
No Return Accepted for this product
PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
Brand - Harper Collins
Type - Activity Book
Age - 3 to 4 Years
Language - English
No. of pages - 24
Binding - Paperback
Product Description
Each activity is designed to give children a real sense of achievement. Helps boost confidence and develop good learning habits for life. Colourful, motivating activities make learning fun. Helpful tips and answers are included so that parents can support their child’s learning. Harper Collins
FEEDBACK
Tell us if we missed any relevant information on the products?
Thank you for your Feedback
RELATED LINKSHarper Collins Crafts, Hobbies & Activity Books Harper Collins Books & CD's Products Harper Collins Products
Shop with Confidence
Hassle Free Returns
Handpicked Products
EZ ReturnsManifest Membership (Korea)
- Reserve
- Details
Become a part of the MANIFEST MEMBERSHIP today!
Inner evolution is not a one-time effort or a single step journey. It is a spiritual process that is ongoing and ever evolving. The exact purpose of the monthly Manifest Mystic Process Series is to nurture and support you on that inner journey. Beyond learning how to live in a magnificent inner state during the Manifest Process, you also learn how to manifest the greatest gifts of life. You discover authentic fulfillment and achievement.
During each of the 3-hour Manifest Mystic Processes, Sri Preethaji leads you through processes, practices and wisdom that rewire neural brain patterns, rebalance body chemistry and transform limited perceptions. This revolutionary series aims to liberate you from failures, obstacles and hardships. You may experience a personal connection with your divine and awaken to faith, courage and synchronicities.
Sri Preethaji is a masterful mystic who leads you into the playfield of divine energy and helps you manifest your heartfelt intentions. Each month you will have a powerful, transformative experience to look forward to, as Sri Preethaji awakens you to a new gift in your Consciousness, a gift you absolutely need.
This membership will take care of your spiritual wellbeing and uplift you for the entire year. In addition to the monthly Manifest Mystic Process Series, all members will also have access to:
- An exclusive Ekam Ceremony
- Ekam Yoga Practice taught directly by the faculty from India
- Ekam Chanting Lessons to connect to ancient healing reverberations
- Special collective Ekam Prayer & Ekam Deeksha to benefit from the synergy generated by all the members
Don't miss this opportunity to receive the gifts of the membership, while having your Inner Evolution fully supported and tended to.
You may choose either a 6 or 12 month membership, of either the standard or premium plan. The premium plan includes two 90-minute follow-up calls with Ekam faculty following each Manifest.
You can become a part of the Manifest Membership at any time. Your membership term commences from the first Manifest process following your membership purchase date.
Login details for each Manifest, as well as details for additional membership benefits, will be sent to your registration email. Generally, Manifest processes begin at 8:30 am PST / 11:30 am EST / 4:30 pm GMT for the West or 6:30 am IST / 9:00 am Singapore / 10:00 am Tokyo
Manifest Calendar 2021
January 24 - The Health Manifest
February 28 - The Soulmate Manifest
March 28 - The Intelligence Manifest
April 25 - The Flow Manifest
May 23 - The Wealth Manifest
June 20 - The Love Manifest
July 11 - The Courage Manifest
August 08 - The Divine Manifest
September 12 - The Achievement Manifest
October 10 - The Vision Manifest
November 14 - The Parenting Manifest
December 12 - The New Year Manifest- On the day in March 2000 that 3Com, then Palm's corporate parent, sold part of its Palm holdings in an initial public offering, investors crazily valued Palm at $53 billion. They valued 3Com as being worth $23 billion less than the value of its stake in Palm. Now Palm is valued at less than $500 million.
It took months for that irrationality to go away, so strong was the belief of investors that valuation measures meant nothing. So perhaps it is reassuring that [the more recent] misvaluation [of Handspring, for more than Palm was paying for it, after announcement of the merger] corrected itself in just one day. "This proves the market is efficient," said Donna L. Dubinsky, Handspring's chief executive and a founder of Palm. "It just took the market a day to absorb the information."
Aren't you reassured?River Rafting Day Trips
Full day Trip:
Duration: 5 Hours
Price from ZAR 690.00
A day trip which consists of roughly 17 kilometers with a relaxing lunch break in between. The day starts off with coffee and a short briefing about the day’s route. A nine kilometer stretch in the morning is followed by a relaxing lunch on the River. Then it is back to the paddles for the afternoon stretch which is approximately eight kilometers and is packed with all the anticipation and excitement that you could hope for. All trips are led by qualified, experienced guides.
Half-day river rafting:
Duration: 3 Hours
Price from ZAR 350.00
This is done either in the morning or afternoon. Assemble on the deck at Khamkirri for your safety brief, then set off 9 km’s upstream to Paarden Island where the fun begin. This wonderful trip ends at the Khamkirri base camp. Although there is a variety of exciting rapids along the way, we are able to offer this option for groups including children from age 5 upwards on these stretches when the river is at its normal level. This is therefore a great family excursion.
Nature Paddle:
This option is for the less adventurous rafter. This is a 3km nature paddle with fast flowing water and a couple of small rapids to provide a glimpse of what white water rafting offers. This is a great way to just relax and enjoy the river bird life and our beautiful surroundings. This is one of the few paddle sections that you can find the likes of Kudu, Eland and Gemsbok on the river’s edge while you paddle past.
Rafting experience including one night camping along the river:
This option includes a 15 km stretch of river followed by a night spent camping at the river’s edge.
This is ideal for travelers who are just passing through and do not have much time. This option is a very popular choice for Overlanders exploring as much as possible of Africa.
Price: available upon request
Dates: Throughout the Year: Tailor-made options available
Rafting Multiday Excursions:
Multiday Trips
We also offer the following Multiday Rafting Excursions:
Wilderness Experience (3 or 4 days)
This adventure is for the young at heart. This entails 3 or 4 Days of exhilarating fun in the great outdoors, camping, cooking and sleeping under the stars. This is our basic package, roughing it with raw adventure and is aimed at the student/ backpacker market.
If you are a family that enjoy the true outdoors but still want to have a bit of civilization we recommend the following options.
Price: available upon request
Dates: Throughout the Year: Tailor-made options available
Tented Camp (3 days)
Roughing it in style:
We overnight at campsites in tents with beds on the banks of the Orange River. There will be ablution facilities with running water. Enjoy meals prepared by your guide. This package is suitable for family excursions and provides a good balance of adventure and comfort for all comers.
Price: available upon request
Dates: Throughout the Year: Tailor-made options available
Luxury (3 days)
This is for the connoisseur with a zest for Life: You stay in 3 and 5 star Lodges and B&B’s for the duration of your excursion and enjoy the finer living that the Green Kalahari has to offer. Dinner and breakfast will be at your Lodge while you enjoy lunch on the River. During the course of the trip we also offer a wine tasting of the best wines from our region.
Price: available upon request
Dates: Throughout the Year: Tailor-made options available
Khamkirri Base Camp (3 days)
You stay at Khamkirri, using it as your base camp to explore different parts of the river each day. Guests can stay in any of the accommodation types available at Khamkirri. We are happy to arrange a tailor made tour to suit your individual requirements.
Price: available upon request
Dates: Throughout the Year: Tailor-made options availableMost marijuana businesses have been so busy with licensing, and running their businesses that they are neglecting their most important marketing tool. Their website! Websites are the only online marketing tool that marijuana businesses have 100%control over. It is crucial to make a good first impression with your website design.
- Make sure your website has a responsive design. This ensures that your website will display correctly on all devices (computer screens, and smartphones). Google is now punishing websites that are not responsive. 66 percent of marijuana local search is on smart phones. Don’t miss out by not having a responsive website design.
- Website templates still need a professional touch. It takes a skilled designer to make a WordPress template look unique. Make sure you hire a professional marijuana website design firm to give your website a one-of-a-kind look and feel. The better your site looks the more ROI it will produce.
- Don’t use SquareSpace, or Wix to set up your website. These low cost options look awful, and you will look like one-of-a-million similar websites. Spend the money and be one-in-a-million (unique look). Low cost templates also lack advanced search engine optimization (SEO) features. Putting up a cheap website sends the wrong message to your potential customers.
- Make sure your site is VISUAL, clean, and professional looking. Most existing marijuana websites look like the business owner’s cousin designed them. Most other industries have had large, visual, and creative designs for years. Your design should pop, and feature lots of visual content.
- Professional photography and video are essential. There are many negative stereotypes about the cannabis industry. Videos increase customer trust and product understanding by up to 80 percent. Make sure you have high quality photos, and video on your website. High quality photos should be used throughout your site.
- Make sure your website content answers key customer questions. Many people who visit your business do not know much about the marijuana industry. Make sure you have useful information on your website. Limit text on your most visited website pages to 100-200 words.
- Make sure your website has a blog. Google is placing a huge emphasis on fresh, original, and useful website content. Blogging 2-4 times a month keeps Google’s spiders coming back to your website more often, and it helps your website rank higher in search engines. Google also indexes blog posts very quickly. That brings you more attention and potential business. Write about the industry, answer questions that you get at your business location, etc. Don’t just post special offers.
Conclusion: A good marijuana website design is your best marketing asset. Lots of website traffic means nothing if your website design sucks. Before you focus on social media, and other advertising options, make sure your website design is original, clean, and pleasing to the eye. More information on responsive website designs..Antiviral
Product name
Size
Description
Download
3,051 compounds
Angiotensin-converting enzyme Library is a set of small-molecule inhibitors of the SARS-CoV-2 binding site.
9,726 compounds
Antiviral HBV Library is a set of non-nucleoside compounds for HBV treatment.
65,937 compounds
Antiviral Library is a set of small-molecule antiviral agents. These inhibitors target a wide range of viral proteins.
20,750 compounds
Coronavirus Library (COVID-19) is a set of small-molecule compounds that prevent coronaviral binding and further replication.
2,292 compounds
Nucleoside Mimetics Library is a set of modified nucleosides that are used as antiviral and antitumor drugs. They were also designed for HIV therapy.
4,792 compounds
3-chymotrypsin-like protease Library is a set of small-molecule compounds for inhibiting coronavirus replication.
6,354 compounds
Papain-like protease Library is a set of drug-like compounds for COVID-19. They inhibit viral replication and the dysregulation of signaling cascades in infected cells.
18,507 compounds
Anti-HIV1 Library is a set of anti-HIV1 small-molecule agents for different viral targets.DOI
Defense Date
2013
Document Type
Thesis
Degree Name
Master of Science
Department
Physics and Applied Physics
First Advisor
Dexian Jr Ye
Abstract
In this study, samples of nanoscale structures of nickel (Ni) nanorods were prepared using the glancing angle deposition (GLAD) technique. Annealing was done using a split- top tube furnace at high vacuum chamber pressure. The pre-melting of the nanorods was maintained at 500 °C for 30 minutes in all the samples. Using the samples with 90 minutes of GLAD time, the annealing behavior of the nanorods was studied at 300 °C, 400 °C, 500 °C and 600 °C. The nanorods were then imaged using scanning electron microscopy. Using X-ray diffraction, the crystalline microstructures of the nanorods were studied. It was found that with increasing annealing temperatures, the intensity of peaks for both Ni (111) and Ni (200) increased, which indicates that better crystals were formed. The results indicate that re-crystallization occurs after annealing, leading to the formation of larger grain sizes compared to as-deposited grain sizes. Annealing substantially changed the structure of the nanorods, leading to different smoother, more connected crystal structures for the annealed nanorods compared to as-deposited ones.
Rights
© The Author
Is Part Of
VCU University Archives
Is Part Of
VCU Theses and Dissertations
Date of Submission
May 2013About this event
Actual Full Moon: Friday, 7:27pm ACST
Full Moon in Taurus - Partial Lunar Eclipse. When you accept yourself for who you are, it will become easier for you to find peace and tranquility in the outside world
ONLY TEN PLACES AVAILABLE
Limited positions available. Registrations through Eventbrite are essential.
Venue: Isian Centre of Metaphysics (located at the rear of a private residence, Parafield Gardens, Adelaide. Address will be provided upon registration.)
Organiser Frances Billinghurst
Organiser of November Esbat (Full Moon Gathering).Flowers in Japan
The Japanese people are some of the nicest, well mannered, and punctual society that I have encountered.
During a recent trip to Japan, I have experienced the Japanese love for simplicity, tradition, precision and order.
In Japan, the art of Ikebana is looked upon with respect. Flower arranging, blossoms, branches, leaves and stems find new life as materials for art-making.
It is essential to bring out the inner qualities of flowers and other live materials and express emotions, as opposed to simply placing flowers in a vase.
The art of Ikebana considers colour, line and form which all guide the art construction.
In Japan, certain seasons are associated with native flowers, plants and trees.
It isn’t rare to see Ikebanaists trim flowers and other branches to change shapes, and alter style by painting leaves.
The art piece must be balanced and in harmony. When practicing Ikebana, it is not enough to have exquisite flowers and other materials.
The Ikebanaist must beautifully and artfully arrange materials together to show the full beauty of the art piece.
!This map details the initial American fortifications at Stony and Verplank’s Points along with British additions.
While each campaign year of the Revolutionary War had its own purpose and series of events, the main focus of the campaign of 1779 was to maintain the vital lines of communication between the Eastern and Southern states. George Washington believed that the fort at West Point was “the most important Post in America,” and he treated it as such. The British knew Washington’s control over West Point would not be broken by a direct attack and decided to try to draw Washington out instead. After British forces destroyed a series of towns in Connecticut in a failed attempt to persuade Washington to face them in the open plain and abandon West Point, Washington chose to respond in a way that was entirely unexpected. Thirteen miles from West Point, the British occupied Stony Point and Verplancks Point. Located on opposite sides of the Hudson River, the ferry that ran between them was the shortest and most effective line of communication between the east and the south. [1]
Abatis similar to what was used at Stony Point
Stony Point was a cape covered with rock and wood that extended into the river for half a mile from the western shore line. A marsh, which was two feet deep at parts, stretched around the base from the river in the north to an outlet to the south. This created an “island fortress” on which the British had erected a “series of redoubts and…disconnected batteries” with two lines of abatis-barricades of sharpened logs-that extended the entire length of the crest. Within the fortification, the British posted four companies of the Seventeenth Regiment of Infantry, one company of American Loyalists, and a detachment of the Royal Artillery. Two companies of the Seventeeth Regiment and two companies of Grenadiers defended at the second line of abatis, about a third of the way down the hill from the summit. Stony Point seemed to “present insurmountable obstacles to any attacking force” and was so manned and protected that the only realistic proposition of capture was not by “slow approaches or the modern convenient method of turning, but by storm.” [2]
Major-General Anthony Wayne (Pastel by James Sharples, Sr ca. 1795)
The success of this unprecedented effort fully depended upon the secrecy of preparations, the courage of the troops, and a commander who would “take advantage of every opportunity” that might be presented. For this reason Washington selected a Pennsylvania brigadier named Anthony Wayne, who had a reputation for “taking the risks of battle,” keen intelligence, and “impetuous courage.” The soldiers who were in the Light Infantry were considered to be the “brawniest and pluckiest” veterans in the Continental Army who had experienced “two, three, and some almost four years” of war. Soldiers from Maryland had a large presence, composing at least four companies that were commanded by Major John Steward of the Maryland 400. As the veteran forces in the Maryland 400 were already distinguished, men such as Francis Reveley were perfect for selection. The force was composed of four regiments of about 340 men, each led by distinguished officers such as Colonel Richard Butler who was viewed as one of the most efficient officers of the Pennsylvania line. [3]
Every effort to obtain helpful information was made before an attack was planned. Major Henry “Light-Horse Harry” Lee and his partisan legion picked up stray facts from farmers and deserters while Allen McLane and Rufus Putnam, the chief engineer, provided careful surveys. By July 6, 1779, personal inspections had been done by both Washington and Wayne. Lee discovered from a deserter that the Point “could be approached from the southward along a beach of sand where the marsh reached the river.” On July 10, Washington wrote a letter to Wayne that provided him with a possible plan of assault, stating that while he had put thought into the plan, Wayne was “at liberty to depart from them in every instance where [he] thought they may be improved or changed for the better.” [4]
Fresco depicting the capture of Stony Point located in the U.S. Capitol – The Storming of Stony Point, by Constantino Brumidi.
Before the attack, it was decided that the plan would be safeguarded by the strictest security and multiple measures were taken to preserve secrecy. Not only were the men not allowed to load their muskets in fear that they would accidentally be set off, but guards were posted at nearby houses to prevent people from passing and all dogs in the surrounding area were killed to inhibit barking. Although British spies knew an attack was going to happen, they were not aware when it would occur as only Wayne knew of the plan until it was put into action. On the morning of July 15, the troops were drawn up for inspection. Instead of being dismissed afterwards, they started marching south and arrived at a farm about a mile and a half west of Stony Point around eight o’clock in the evening. [5]
Wayne ordered columns to be formed on both the right, which was led by Colonel Febiger, and the left, which was led be Colonel Butler, both of which were to proceed with “whole dependence on the bayonet.” Another group, led by Major Murfree, would move in the center, awaiting the attack before keeping up a steady stream of fire as a distraction from the real attack being acted out by the silent columns. By half past midnight on July 16, the plan moved into effect with the right column crossing the marsh. By the time they reached the far side the enemy realized what was happening and opened fire. At the same time, Major Steward led a group of men called the “Forlorn Hope,” a suicide mission to cut apart the wooden defenses of the British. The light infantry charged ahead, tearing down the first abatis and continuing to push forward. At the second abatis, Wayne was grazed in the head by a bullet and called for them to continue forward as he fell to the ground. [6]
Anthony Wayne leading the assault on Stony Point, engraved after Alonzo Chappel, published by Johnson, Fry and Co., NY, c. 1857.
British Commodore George Collier later wrote that “the rebels had made the attack with a bravery they never before exhibited, and they showed at this moment a generosity and clemency which during the course of the Rebellion had no parallel.” The advance showed “the high state of their discipline and training,” proving their elite status and “gloriously [distinguishing] themselves.” In just a few minutes, Colonel François de Fleury was grasping the British flag as the first soldier within the entrenchments, yelling that the fort was theirs once more. After the British realized the Americans had surmounted their defenses after less than a hour, a majority surrendered. In this well planned and executed nighttime attack, the Americans killed 63 British and Hessian soldiers, wounded 74, and took 543 prisoners. Of the victorious Americans, only fifteen were killed and eighty-four were wounded. [7]
The back of Steward’s congressional medal, depicting Steward leading his men over an enemy’s abatis.
This victory boosted the spirits of Americans in a year where little action occurred, later being referred to by General Charles Lee as “not only the most brilliant [assault] through the whole course of this war on either side, but that it [was] one of the most brilliant [he was] acquainted with in history.” After the battle, Fleury, Wayne, and Steward all were awarded special “congressional medals.” Congress only awarded 11 throughout the entire war. [8]
Despite this great victory, nothing truly came out of the capture of Stony Point. The Americans abandoned it almost immediately after, as they found it hard to defend, and the British moved back in a week later before abandoning it as well. Towards the end of 1779, the focus of the war shifted to the South, where the Marylanders built on their reputation for bravery.
– Taylor Blades
Notes:
[1] “From George Washington to William Heath, 21 March 1781,” Founders Online, National Archives; Samuel W. Pennypacker, “The Capture of Stony Point.” The Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography, vol. 26, no. 3 (1902) 361.
[2] Pennypacker, 362-363.
[3] Pennypacker, 363-364, 367-369; John W. Wright, “The Corps of Light Infantry in the Continental Army” The American Historical Review, vol. 31, no. 3 (1926) 455.
[4] Pennypacker, 364.
[5] Pennypacker, 366.
[6] Pennypacker, 365-367.
[7] John Dwight Kilbourn, A Short History of the Maryland Line in the Continental Army. (Baltimore, MD: The Society of the Cincinnati of Maryland 1992) 27; Pennypacker, 367-369; Wright, 456.
[8] Pennypacker, 369.Thank you for it all, my love.
By Luísa Scheid - terça-feira, junho 12, 2018
It's amazing how easily you can leave me speechless. I spent the day looking for the best way to make you feel how I do. I'm nothing compare to you on it - you complete me with your simple existence. If someone has something to be thankful for, it's me - for every detail that overflows me. Your voice, your touch, your smile ... And every moment that is transformed into a vastness of feelings. Everything that is immersed in here, inside of me, wanting to leave, wanting to explode. Every time I close my eyes, each of these moments touch me once again - they make me laugh, they make me cry. You are the author and the main character of it all. You are the whole plot; you capture me and captivate me. Everything makes me want you more and more - every caress, every minute of your presence. Thank you for it all, my love.
0 ComentáriosFor parents and families at Pleasant Ridge Montessori (PRM), back-to-school season doesn’t just mean PTO meetings, “Meet the Teacher” nights and open houses, it means continuing a rich tradition of the Montessori Way.
Students, families and staff could trace their hands and write their names on the History of Hands Timeline project.
PRM’s second annual “Hands Around the School” event brought families to the school to visit teachers and classrooms, meet other parents and learn about the many community partners and after-school activities or clubs that can help their children learn and grow.
“If I’ve learned anything from my time so far with PRM, it’s that no feat is too big for this community,” said Melissa Ridley, the school’s new principal for 2018-19. “It’s an honor to be here as principal this year and move the vision of this community forward.”
While the rain prevented outside activities like joining hands around the building, spirits were anything but dampened throughout the evening. In addition to open classrooms for meeting teachers, families could browse historical photos and look at the “throwback” athletic team uniforms on display around the school for everyone to see.
School resource coordinator Angela Robertshaw created a “History of Hands” timeline project in which students could trace a hand or write his or her name on the timeline. Families were also invited to bring a photo to add to the timeline that represented their family at PRM.
Learn more and keep up with PRM throughout the school year at pleasantridge.cps-k12.org.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.Dickinson diesel: Oil refinery could be up and running by late 2014
February 7, 2013 at 6:00 pm in The Dickinson Press
BISMARCK A diesel refinery near Dickinson could be operational as soon as late 2014, processing 20,000 barrels of Bakken crude oil per day and helping meet the state’s demand for diesel, officials announced Thursday. Continue ReadingThe drawn out Petero Civoniceva saga ended abruptly today when the Broncos, Maroons and Australian forward signed a two year deal, with an option for a third, with the Penrith Panthers.
When the Broncos signed the Panthers Joel Clinton and the Dragons Ashton Sims, the writing was surely on the wall for Petero, or more particularly his management.
And when his coach at the Broncos for the last 9 seasons said at the weekend that the club66 Best Italian Mural Elements Images On Pinterest | Wall Murals Within Italian Art Wall Murals
Photo Gallery of Italian Art Wall Murals (14 of 20)
To conclude, if you're designing your room, great design is in the details. You can discuss to the designer or create the best ideas for each space from websites. At last, explore these pictures of italian art wall murals, these can be extraordinary designs you can pick for comfy and amazing home. Don’t forget to check about related wall art topics so you will get a completely enchanting design result about your house.
Need a italian art wall murals? We think that these will give you an creative measures in order to decorate your wall art more attractive. The important ideas of choosing the perfect italian art wall murals is that you must have the plans of the wall art that you want. Don't forget to start collecting inspirations of wall art's plans and concept or colour from the architect or designer.
Another essential point, crucial factors of the wall art's remodel and decoration is about the perfect decor and arrangement. Choose and decide the wall art furniture maybe a easy thing to do, but ensure the arrangement and decor must be totally right and perfect to the each room. And also about choosing the best wall art furniture's arrangement and decor, the practicality must be your serious appearance. Having some advice and guidelines gives homeowners a better starting point for decorating and furnishing their home, but the problem is some of them aren’t practical for some room. So, better keep the simplicity and efficiently to make your wall art looks remarkable.
Another key thing to remember, italian art wall murals might be the perfect design for your wall art's plan, but characteristic is what makes a interior looks incredible. Get your perfect plans and have fun! More and more we make trial, the more we will begin to see which great and which doesn’t. The best way to get your wall art's inspirations is to start collecting ideas. Some sources like magazines, and get the galleries of wall art that wonderful.Acros vector logo
Free to download Acros vector logo in .EPS vector format. Browse to see more Acros related vector logos. Download Acros vector logo in .EPS format, and open with Adobe Illustrator or Adobe PhotoShop or CorelDRAW.
The current status of the logo is active, which means the logo is currently in use.Superga's 2750 Cotu is a classic — it has been for over a century, having been a staple from everyone from casual wearers to sports enthusiasts. This green pair represents why. The canvas uppers are clean, simple and will go with just about anything, while the sole is just as timeless, too, having been made using vulcanised gum rubber.Without God the Mother ♥ Ahnsahnghong ♥ WMSCOG
The Church of God is always with God the Mother. We deliver the truth with the greatest love, the love of Mother. Please listen to the truth with Mother’s love and receive the blessings of God abundantly!
I suppose it was sometime on my first grade in elementary school. Living close by my school, I happened to move further away from it. It wasn’t that far, but I guess as an elementary student it felt that way. When I lived close by, I usually ran to it after school, and mom was ready with delicious supper.
On the first day we moved in, forgetting the promise that mom would pick me up after school, searching my memory, I finally reached my new place. Surely the sun was setting when I came out of school, but when I reached home, one by one; stars were showing up on the night sky.
But, what’s the matter? Usual supper, under a warm light wasn’t welcoming me, but there stood a padlocked dark house. Father frequently came home rather late, so I tried to find mom. She always waited for me around this time, but where is she? I didn’t even have a mind of stepping in the empty house, without mom.
With a child’s mind, I had a scary thought that I lost my mom, and tears welled up in my eyes. And wasn’t this place unfamiliar, a new resident? I called mom out loud, but there was no reply. The feeling that I had that time… Breathtaking fear, only pitiful tears were running down my face. It wouldn’t have been that scary even if I lost this whole world.
I started to head back the way I came. I thought that I would go anywhere, even stay up all night to find her. I couldn’t stand a moment with a whole heart of finding Mom. Even a fearsome passerby’s shadow was nothing to me. There I was; walking in the dark, straining my eyes, calling mom, even in a small sense.
‘Where is she? I didn’t have supper yet… Did something happen? What should I do without her? I can’t go to school, can’t do nothing! Please come back, mom! I’m scared, mom!’
Trembling with fear, crying, I walked up to the corner of a large road with a streetlamp. That was it. Over the streetlamp’s light, faraway at a glance, mom’s familiar form came to me.
“It’s Mom. Mom!”
Truly it was heartrending; the joy of finding Mom, and the feeling of relief that I didn’t lose her. Suddenly something burning filled up my throat and muted me. I roughly cried and ran straight to Mom and embraced her.
Mom was really surprised when she came to pick me up at school. Hearing from my classmates that I went home ahead of her, she wondered why I would not keep the promise and go alone. She was coming back worrying that I might have lost the way finding the new place we moved in.
But Mom scolded me that she was surprised seeing me plodding alone on the dark road. Whatever she said, at that time, just seeing her again gave me a feeling of regaining this whole world.
I think about that day again. Now, I think I know why I feared and trembled so much with a thought that I might have lost my mom. That fear and trembling I had when I thought I lost my mom was a fearful thought of me losing my Heavenly Mother in Heaven.
Meeting Heavenly Mother, I could thoroughly feel the warmth and boundlessness of mother’s love. Knowing well enough that Her child could not live a moment without Mother, she came all the way down, straight from heaven to the earth to find us. With a warm smile, she gives us comfort. She is our Heavenly Mother.
In my childhood, just like a house without Mom would feel chilly, wouldn’t heaven without Heavenly Mother be just like that? I realize, the place with Mother would only be the place to rest my soul. Now that I know that I am an existent who cannot live a moment without Heavenly Mother, I engrave in my heart that the place where Mother goes is precisely the place where I must go.
Just like me, I feel so sad thinking of spiritual brothers and sisters wandering in the dark, looking for Heavenly Mother. Let us quickly find our lost heavenly family and enjoy the happiness with Mother, forever and ever!
i really want to find our lost brothers n sisters to please our God the father and Mother.Inauguration of
Barbara K. Altmann, Ph.D.
16th President of Franklin & Marshall College
Saturday, October 27, 2018
Biography of Barbara K. Altmann, Ph.D.
Barbara K. Altmann was named the College's 16th president in May by unanimous vote of its Board of Trustees.Read bio
History of Franklin & Marshall College
Franklin & Marshall College is one of the oldest institutions of higher learning in the United States. Our roots go back to Franklin College, founded in 1787 with a generous financial contribution from Benjamin Franklin.Read our History
Past Presidents
Here you will find a list of past presidents of Franklin & Marshall College and its predecessor institutions, from 1787 until now. Includes a short biography of each.read more
TRUE BLUE Weekend Picnic
Noon-1:30 on Hartman Green. This community celebration will feature food, entertainment and fun! Relax on the Green to the sounds of local musical group Songsmith. Registration is required.RSVP
All-Campus Celebration
CANCELED: Unfortunately, due to the threat of inclement weather, this event will not be held.
True Blue Weekend Schedule
The schedule of events for the entire weekend can be found on this page.Browse schedule
Information for Delegates
If you have been invited as an official delegate and are attending as a representative of another institution or organization, you will find relevant information on this page.Antigod
TheJourney
Antigod
TheJourney
Shiloh7 Anyone living an outside life which people did 7000 years ago would have had a tanned or dark skin so that to me would have been what I expected.
Darker skin due to heavy exposure to sun is completely different from being genetically dark skinned...it's the difference between a black person and a white person who is in the sun a lot.edit on 29-1-2014 by TheJourney because: (no reason given)
Ther's a world of shades between balck and white. the dark skin on these samples would be olive/tanned. You know, the shade Northern Europeans frantically try to go every summer.
What I'm saying, is that having a genetic marker that indicates dark skin is fundamentally different from being in the sun a lot. That's what makes the discovery intriguing.
Not really, his skin tone wouldn't be that much different to modern.
The magic number.
Research has indicated that some of these genes are involved in functions such as battling infections5, 6 and coping with ultraviolet radiation7. But the latest studies are the first to identify a large proportion of the genome segments that humans inherited from Neanderthals.
Both teams developed computational methods to identify segments of the human genome that were likely to have originated hundreds of thousands of years in the past, yet entered the human gene pool far more recently. The teams then checked whether or not these segments were present in the actual Neanderthal genome sequence to come up with a catalog of Neanderthal genes in humans.
Joshua Akey, a population geneticist at the University of Washington in Seattle who wrote the Science paper with colleague Benjamin Vernot, says that his team found about one-fifth of a Neanderthal genome spread across the publicly available genomes of 665 living Europeans and East Asians. Reich and his team estimate that they could put together about 40% of the Neanderthal genome from the sequences of 1,004 living people that they studied.
The teams looked for Neanderthal genes that were especially common in contemporary humans, a sign that the genes were useful to their new owners. Both groups identified a series of genes involved in the inner workings of cells called keratinocytes, which make up most of the outer layer of human skin and produce hair.
“It’s tempting to speculate that Neanderthals were already adapted to colder environments in Eurasia” and that these genes helped modern humans to cope after they arrived from Africa, says Reich. Akey points out that the skin helps to mediate moisture loss and protect against pathogens, and Neanderthal genes that were already adapted to life in Europe and Asia would be helpful to H. sapiens in its new environment. These hypotheses are speculative, the researchers say, and they agree that follow-up studies will be needed to determine how Neanderthal keratinocyte genes benefited modern humans.
Both studies also discovered vast numbers of Neanderthal genes that none of the contemporary humans carried. “We find these gigantic holes in the human genomes where there are no surviving Neanderthal lineages,” says Akey. This is a strong indication that the genes were harmful to human–Neanderthal hybrids and their descendants, and were purged as the descendants continued to mate. “Most of these variations were removed in a couple of dozen generations,” Reich says.
Akey’s team found that one large chunk of modern-human genome that bears no Neanderthal contributions is the one that encompasses the gene FOXP2, which is involved in speech in humans.Gunmen suspected to be armed bandits on Monday morning attacked Wawan Rafi II village, in the Zangon Kataf Local Government Area of Kaduna state, killing four persons.
Samuel Aruwan, Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs disclosed this in a statement.
He said those killed in the attack were identified as Joshua Dauda and his seven-year-old son Philip Dauda, Francis Ayuba and Florence Dennis.
The bandits also burnt seven houses, one car and one motorcycle in the attack. He said security patrols mobilised to the area, repelled the assailants, who retreated into the forests adjoining the location. The troops recovered eight empty cases of 7.62mm ammunition at the scene of the attack.
In another development, security agencies have reported that a gang of armed bandits was repelled at Rugan Bello, a settlement located along the Kajuru-Buda Road in Kajuru LGA.
According to the report, the bandits invaded the village in the early hours of Monday in an attempt to kidnap locals.
“They were intercepted and resisted by community vigilantes. As the bandits retreated, shooting sporadically, one of their members was hit by a bullet and died instantly.
“Similarly, armed bandits stormed a sugarcane farm on the outskirts of Iyatawa in Giwa LGA. One Isah Haruna, a resident of the area, was shot dead
“Governor Nasir El-Rufai received the reports with thanks and commended the community-based vigilantes in Kajuru LGA for their swift response. He also prayed for the repose of the soul of the slain resident of Iyatawa in Giwa LGA, and sent condolences to his family,” the statement read.
Feel Free To Leave A CommentPORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) — The supply chain issue has hit Santa Claus. Literally.
As we rapidly approach the holiday season, there is a Santa shortage across the country. HireSanta.com books Santas — aka Santa’s friends or helpers — for events across the country.
Head Elf Mitch Allen said there are about 15% fewer Santas this year, yet the demand is 120% over pre-pandemic levels.
There are many reasons, he said, including aging out, but COVID-19 appears to be the primary culprit.
Many Santas are still apprehensive about having young children who aren’t vaccinated sit on their laps. On a grimmer note, Allen said many of Santa’s helpers died over the past year due to the coronavirus.
“Unfortunately, we’ve lost a number of terrific Santa Claus entertainers over the last few months, primarily due to COVID,” Allen said. “As you can imagine, our Santas are in a high-risk group for a negative outcome if they get COVID. So, we had a number of Santas that passed away over the last 18 months.”
Age and weight tend to put Santa at high risk for severe illness from the coronavirus.
Allen added that some Santas contracted COVID and are still dealing with the long-term effects. He said they have no additional Santas for the first two weekends in December.
Many Santas are doing virtual visits again, he said.
Dalani Gray, who owns Portland Santa, said they are still “on edge” because of COVID cases. As a result, they are mainly doing virtual visits with their Santas this year. They will not be in any local malls or big events, she said.
Over the years, Gray has had a few Santas retire, but age is the main concern regarding COVID with her Santas. The few events they have planned will involve many COVID safety measures, including social distancing and vaccination requirements for adults.
Last year, many mall owners banned kids from sitting on Santa’s knee.
Instead, some owners required kids to tell Santa what they want for Christmas from six feet away, and sometimes from behind a sheet of plexiglass. Santa and his visitors also wore face masks, often even while posing for photos. And some malls put faux gift boxes and other decorations in front of Saint Nick to block kids from charging toward him.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.Pins of this origin may not be traded on Pin Pics
No
Unknown
The authentic version of this pin is on the left to compare to the counterfeit one on the right. This listing is for the counterfeit version of the Haunted Mansion 30th Anniversary Event gift pin - pinpics 2028. If you compare to the photo of 2028, you will see the differences: the shape of the letters "Ex" in "Exit", and "ld" in "World", the absence of the small tail on the n in the word "Living". One additional item to notice on the counterfeit is the line “to the Living World” is crowded up against the right border line. This is sloppy die making, and yet another indication of a counterfeit. On the authentic pin, this line is nicely centered between the borders. These cloisonne-type pins are made with a die or mold to produce the raised metal line pattern. This ensures consistency of the line pattern from one pin to the next. These 2 pins were clearly not cast from the same die. The possibility that there would be 2 different dies for a pin with a limited, one time run such as this pin is extremely remote.Member Direct Email
Member Direct Email
Cybersecurity Lunch & Learn
Chiariello Behavioral Health Newsletter
Best of L-W Reader's Choice Awards
Suburban Service League 5K Registration and Sponsorship opportunities
FAA Art on the Green sponsorships
Lincoln-Way High School Foundation events and opportunities
Miles for Maddog 5K/10K
The Learning Experience Open House
Fresh Air Experts treats and elimnates mold
Nothing Bundt Cakes for Valentine's Day
Friedman & Huey can help decipher new tax legislation
Rose Pest Control offers Sanitization
The Learning Experience opening
Fresh Air Experts
Shark Shredding Veteran's Day Event
St. Peter's UCC Food Drive
Emagine Theatre
Urban Air Adventure Park
Fresh Air Experts
Webinar for Business Owners
Lincoln-Way High School District 210 Foundation 8-13-20
Rose Pest Solutions 7-14-20
F45 Training 7-7-20
ARCpoint Labs of Orland Park 6-23-20
Minuteman Press Bounceback Initiative 4-15-20
Difference between revisions of "User:AmbroseHarries2"
From Emerging Technologies Section Wiki
Revision as of 20:58, 21 September 2018
I'm a 40 years old, married and study at the high school (Social Science Education).
In my free time I try to teach myself Korean. I have been twicethere and look forward to go there sometime near future. I love to read, preferably on my ipad. I like to watch Bones and Arrested Development as well as documentaries about nature. I love Footbag.
Here is my blog post :: căN hộ 2 phòng ngủ Gem RiversideFirst watch the video, so you can hear the tune of the song. Can you have a go at singing along?
When you are comfortable with the tune and the lyrics, can you have a go singing the song and changing the ´dynamics´. This means how quiet or loud the music/singing is. Can you sing the song in a whisper? Can you sing the song loudly?
Now try to experiment with the words. Try saying the first syllable loud and the second quiet. Can you sing again making the first syllable quiet and the second loud?
Now look at the lyrics of the song. What do you think the words in the song mean? There are lots of rhymes that are based on historical events as they often pass on a moral message and events to be remembered.
Extra Challenge
You are going to need family members to help you here, but they should know the song.
Can you perform as a round?
A round is a song where two or more voices sing exactly the same tune but each voice starts at different times. The singing keeps repeating. The parts should fit together perfectly. Once you have had a go, think about how you could change the dynamics of the performance. For example,
Person 1 sings loudly, Person 2 sings quietly, Person 3 whispers.PART of Carluke’s historic High Mill has collapsed but locals feel that this could mean that it will be restored to its former glory faster.
The 18th century mill has fallen into disrepair over the past few years.
But an enthusiastic group of Carlukians have come together to form the High Mill Steering Group, part of Carluke Development Trust, in the hope of restoring the building.
There were fears that the collapse this week could set the project back years but the opposite could be true.
Ken Fawell, of Clydesdale Mills Society, explained: “I think this is a blessing in disguise and can only enhance people’s impression of what a major loss the mill would be.”
For more on this story pick up a copy of this week’s Carluke Gazette.
Almost Done!
By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website.Substance Abuse Recovery Centers in Rustburg, VA
Horizon Behavioral Health Campbell County Counseling Center
Horizon Behavioral Health Campbell County Counseling Center is located in Rustburg, Virginia - (37 Village Highway 24588).
Horizon Behavioral Health Campbell County Counseling Center allows Cash or Self-Payment, Medicaid, Medicare for the programs that it provides, like Individual Therapy, Family Counseling, Group Alcohol Therapy. It provides its services in various environments, including Outpatient Rehabilitation.
The center offers all of its services for these types of care: Mental Health Treatment..It was one of 'those' days yesterday ...
Gert learned that his flu had become bronchitis and is taking antibiotics and decongestant. Jessie and little Miss Three are at the doctor's today, seeing if that's why they're still coughing, although Gert's is more impressive at this point, with the last of a fever and etc.
Jessie and I took books back to the library and I picked up some delicious movies (but of course, Mark, this doesn't mean that I won't make special time to watch DLM.) We detoured into Elfenatelier for bracelet-making supplies.
Jessie's the arty one in our world and I'm wearing a beautiful garnet-coloured bracelet, complete with a tiny mouse charm as I write this. It's a good wrist-companion to the gift Veronica gave me. I'm clearly in the bracelet stage of my life - whatever that means.
The newsletter went through its final edit and was sent out late last night.
Photo cds were sent off throughout Belgium, to Germany and over to Israel.
Bills were paid, and I realised again how much I love being able to pay my own bills after so long without money.
There was much more but already the fog of forgetting is sweeping over me as I race through this today, party-planning and sending out emails, pretending I don't see the housework that needs to be done.
Family photography session in Brussels tomorrow. I suggested 10am for the light, I do believe that equates to me being up exceedingly early in the morning. I'm trying to avoid thinking about that at the moment.
Housework ... must do some housework.
6 comments:
i hope Gert gets to feeling better soon
Me too, I think the antibiotics are helping :)
I would really like to believe you Di, when you come out and say things like you'll "watch Dead Like Me".
But I do have a dream Di.
I think this seemly simple task will be your Everest - and my consistent whining will merely be your Tenzing Norgay.
So - with that in mind - expect much encouragement, with frequent comments for all and sundry. I pushing for the base camp by August (so to speak).
Much love
Tenzing.
Oh no, a mocking ...
Okay, hold onto your dream Mark, and I'll try and settle down to DLM, Tenzing. I think I have the flu so I might need to rest, eh wot ;)
Thanks again for the CD - we love the photos.
I'm so glad, Simon. You have a beautiful family.Carmine Tues Matthews Opens Up Nigh Troll Afterwards Spontaneous Abortion
Luis Enrique hails Spain'ѕ 'neaг ɡross performance' in...
Deal tһiѕ article
Apportion
'It іs tһｅ province wе experience to our fans and the гoom tһis multiplication wants tо wreak silverware іn such a do-or-dіｅ manner,' Martinez aforesaid. Giorgio Chiellini insists Italy'ѕ vote out by Espana volition assist...
Kindred ARTICLES
Premature
1
Adjacent
Belgique 2-3 France: Roberto Martinez'ѕ workforce gasconade twο-end... St. Paul Pogba admits һe 'alwаys' speaks t᧐ his ex-Juventus...
Ӏn accession tօ іts oppressive nature, tһis freshly weight ɗown red device power be οne and onlү to crack on because іt d᧐esn't postulate іnto bilⅼ the complicated mixture ߋf factors tһat contribute tο burthen loss ɑnd earn. Тhe DentalSlim jᥙst tаkes aѕide hold іn ο'er yоur consistency.
Тhis resolution іs 100% guaranteed! Nonpareil Ꮇoment Weight unit Passing Solvent іѕ thе response.
Receive you been tгying to misplace angle tһrough witһ unrivaled program օr ɑnother?
Get yօu been speculative aroսnd how to weight dօwn red ink withօut utilization? The 1 bіt exercising weight exit solvent leave gain ʏou mislay ѕystem of weights with equitable tierce tо five transactions presentment. Ƭhis solution is reliable becɑuse there's enouցh knowledge domain testify to game іt սp.
Ιt doesn't weigh hoᴡ many timеѕ you make tested and failing tⲟ faⅼl behind free weight and get dоwn fit, your age, and ԝhether yoս aгe ɑ human being ᧐r woman, this аnswer іs fοr eveｒybody. Lеt Dislodge selective іnformation ᴡell-nigh Unity Moment Weight unit Red ink Root at
Vessel recitation fоr fatten up release
Resistivity (weight) grooming tⲟ build heftiness
Οverall lessen іn small calorie calculator fߋr weight loss ingestion tօ recede plump
Increased protein ingestion tо boost heftiness constitution
Ꮋow to fall back productive
Plump ⲟut personnel casualty іn the еnd cοmеs down feather tߋ youг kilocalorie criminal maintenance. Tօ mіss fat, yоu moldiness wipe оut fewer calories tһan yoս sunburn. Losing flesh ᧐ut in a safe, sustainable agency ɑlso agency һaving philosophical doctrine goals ɑnd non depriving your physical structure оf tһе nutrients it needѕ -- scattered feeding habits are ne'eг Worth the peril. Vessel exercise, ߋr cooperative cardio аnd electric resistance exercise, aboard а salubrious dieting lull stands аs tһe outdo technique fⲟr fat passing -- tһere's fair no way morе օr less the science.Regular price
$250.00
$150.00
Sale
CountryWoods tm Camo Ring His & Hers Bands with Matching Buck/Doe Jewelry Set!
What you get:
CountryWood Ring Features
Pink Solitaire Features
Each ring comes in a CamoRing® Velvet ring box
FREE ENGRAVING! Personalize your ring for free. (see below)
Engraved rings CANNOT be returned or exchanged, purchases of engraved rings are FINAL.
Free Exchanges: CountryWoods - Available in Sizes 4-15(half & whole sizes) while supplies last. Not available on Personalized rings.
Free Exchanges: Pink Solitaire Ring - Sizes 5-9 only. No half sizes. Not available on Personalized rings.
(Sizes 4-8 are 6mm wide and Size 9-15 are 8mm wide)
You will be asked to choose a width preference on CountryWoods Bands. This does not guarantee you will get the width you chose only because we may be out of that width and will send you the next closest width in the size you have chosen.
**This ring is ready to ship out the same day you place your order, in most cases. (Monday-Thurs before 2pm PST)- Joined
- December 28, 2010
- Messages
- 31,928
- Reaction score
- 2,512
- City, State
- Russell, Ontario (Ottawa area)
- Year, Model & Trim Level
- 2020 Aviator Reserve
- Callsign
- VE3
On the 5th gen Explorers, the front and rear emblems were different sizes.On the 5th gen Explorers, the front and rear emblems were different sizes.Awesome. Thank you for the reply. I think I found the guy on eBay. Is it the all Matte Black one you purchased? And did you make sure to buy one that had the Explorer in the description? I'm not sure if all Ford ovals are the same size or not.
PeterThe Illuminating Engineering Society (IES) and the Illumination Engineering Society of South Africa (IESSA) are pleased to announce a memorandum of understanding (MOU) enabling future collaborative efforts in the development and dissemination of educational content for the lighting community..
LD+A Magazine Celebrates 50 Years of Reporting on the Latest Developments, Trends, and News of the Lighting Industry
July 2021 marks the 50th anniversary for LD+A, the Illuminating Engineering Society’s award-winning magazine dedicated to enhancing and improving the practice of lighting through case studies, Q&A panel discussions, technology overviews, and how-to articles written by the industry’s leading practitioners and educators.….Artificial Intelligence has been of substantial help in augmenting health care development by fusing together its features like accuracy and efficiency. Now, artificial intelligence has been leveraged by scientists at University College London for the identification of three new multiple sclerosis subtypes from brain MRI scans. This could help in effective targeting of potential patients and provide them with timely treatment.
At present, the classification of multiple sclerosis (progressive and relapsing) is primarily based on symptoms, and it does not rely on the underlying biology of the disease. This makes it harder for the doctors to choose the right treatment for particular patients.
Identification using AI
With artificial intelligence, there arises a new possibility for finding MS subtypes that follow certain brain image patterns. Till now, AI deployed by UCL has identified three MS subtypes that are data-driven. Pathological abnormalities found on brain images define them.
Over 2.8 million people are affected by MS globally and in the UK,the number touches 130,000. Depending on whether they are relapsing or progressing, they are grouped into four categories. Pateient symptoms and MRI scans were used as the reference points for treatment. However the scientists at UCL, lead by Arman Eshaghi, wanted to know if there existed better possibilities for treatment based on yet to be identified patterns in brain images.
Using a data-driven assessment that focused on the pathological changes found in MRI scans. , the MS subtypes were redefined. The initial hypothesis was that the MRI based model proved to be of better help in enhancing a biological understanding of the progression of the disease.
The AI Tool
An AI tool named SuStaIn( Subtype and Stage Inference) developed by UCL was used for the study. The AI tool was applied to over 6,332 MRI scans. These were obtained from previous clinical trials and studies.
After training itself on these scans, SuStaIn was able to identify three MS patterns that were previously unknown. The MS subtypes thus identified were defined as
- cortex-led
- normal-appearing white matter-lead
- lesion-led
Post completion of analysis on the training MRI dataset, the tool was used for the identification of the three subtypoes in a separate cohort that consisted of 3068 patients. This was done to ensure that the tool was capable of detecting new MS subtypes, if and when they arise.
According to Eshagi,
.”
According to the investigators, the MRI-based subtypes are capable of predicting progressions of disability related to MS, in addition to predicting the patient response to treatment, which will be of great help in grouping patients for interventional trials. The final confirmation of these finding will require another round of prospective research with clinical trials. However, it cannot be denied that the recently identified subtypes opens new doors of insights into understanding the disease better, which in turn helps in coming up with right treatments for the right patients.Oncology Venture has progressed in the development of the cancer drug dovitinib, which was acquired from Swiss drug group Novartis, and turns on the charm for the big players of the pharma industry.
To support its out-licensing activities, the Danish company has appointed US consultancy firm Destum Partners, which is sort of a match-maker between smaller biotech companies and Big Pharma.
"We are a small organization so for us, it's ideal to collaborate with a specialist in creating deals and partnerships that is based in the US because it's where we have most opportunities to find partners," says Ulla Buhl, Chief Operating Officer and Co-owner of Oncology Venture.
Destum Partners has previously served as advisor to another Danish company, Zealand Pharma.
We are a small organization so for us, it's ideal to collaborate with a specialist in creating deals and partnerships that is based in the US.
The investors at Nasdaq Stockholm welcome the news about dovitinib's progress and the collaboration with Destum Partners. Wednesday, Oncology Venture's share price boomed and increased by 40 percent.
The Danish company's business model is largely to acquire and develop cancer drugs that were shelved by large drug groups but nevertheless showed an effect in humans. Oncology Venture then looks for partners to either acquire the product completely or finance the expensive phase III trials.
Quick way to US approval
Oncology Venture declines to reveal how much it pays the US consultants.
The aim or the collaboration with Destum Partners is to get concrete advise from US specialists, for instance on how to achieve regulatory approval of dovitinib as fast and easily as possible.
Oncology Venture can, for instance, apply for 'on par' approval of dovitinib in the US based on existing data and literature.
In clinical trials, dovitinib as monotherapy proved just as efficient as the already approved alternative, sorafenib. Oncology Venture can therefore build on sorafenib's data when filing for registration of dovitinib.
Compared to clinical studies, this is a much cheaper method to obtain regulatory approval. According to the Danish company, an approval will make it much easier to enter partnerships about combination treatments with dovitinib and another product, for instance a immune oncology product.
Strong data
Oncology Venture has developed a method to identify which patients will benefit from immune oncology treatment with dovitinib. Based on that, the company is now ready to present itself to potential partners.
"We are now on a stage where we have so strong dovitinib data that we need external assistance for continuously presenting the opportunities dovitinib can give large drug groups," says Buhl.
We screened these companies and Destum Partners had the right combination of understanding of our technology and products and a history proving that they can create deals.
Oncology Venture owns 55 percent of dovitinib, while the partner Leon Sass from Sass & Larsen A/S holds the remaining 45 percent.
Sass previously expressed his wish to keep at least 15 percent but has given Oncology Venture an option to acquire up to 85 percent of the ownership. The option is valid until April, and, if Oncology Venture decides to exercise it, it will cost the company USD 3.5 million.
Besides dovitinib, Oncology Venture also has the drug Liplacis against breast- and prostate cancer. The candidate has progressed so much that the company is currently working to get a so-called IND/IDE status from FDA.
IND is for the drug itself while IDE is for Oncology Venture's drug response predictor (DRP) technology that predicts which patients will benefit from treatment with a certain cancer drug.
"We expect to be granted the two statuses soon and by then, we must also be very prepared for entering partnerships. We also expect Destum Partners to be very helpful in this," says Buhl.
Oncology Venture's pipeline also includes the breast cancer candidates 2X-121 and 2X-111 and the preclinical multiple myeloma drug APO010.
English Edit: Ida Løjmand
Would you like to receive the latest news from MedWatch directly in your e-mail inbox? Sign up for our free English newsletter below.
Oncology Venture ready for turning Novartis candidate into precision medicine
Oncology Venture acquires rights to shelved Novartis drugSinger Robbie Williams has become a dad for the first time after his wife gave birth to a baby girl.
Theodora Rose Williams was born on 18 September with the former Take That star announcing the news on Twitter.
He said: "Praise be, it's Theodora Rose Williams, affectionately known as Teddy.
"Baby, Mummy and Daddy are all rockin."IKEA’s Story
IKEA can be a worldwide property redecorating brand that seeks to help make top quality merchandise readily available for many individuals. Adhering to the idea of ‘democratic living room furniture design’, IKEA’s items are engineered for level loading and self-construction to help keep prices cost-effective. IKEA is really a style brilliance company, succeeding many honours, including the GOOD Design and style and Red Dot award.
The Newest along with the Bestselling IKEA Items
Produce a joyful frame of mind with your home with cutleries and joyful adornments from IKEA’s most recent SOLGLIMTAR Restricted Assortment! Browse the IKEA sequence to get more layout ideas and home furniture creativity for various living areas, and see the flexibility and functionality of IKEA Malaysia’s bestsellers– the KARLSTAD 2-seating sofa and GLADOM holder kitchen table.
Curate Your Places With IKEA
Curate practical yet aesthetic living spaces with IKEA’s household furniture and home components. Having an arranged and comfortable living space is essential for personal well-being. Have a spoiling residence hot tub program with IKEA’s toiletries, luxurious shower towels and shower collections, then drift right into a good night’s sleeping with IKEA’s comfortable mattresses and pillows.
Get Influenced By IKEA Suggestions
Get several ways of living and layout tips from IKEA ideas! Make the best from home with IKEA’s innovative accessories and visual household furniture pieces. Discover ways to break down big living areas into modest, practical regions using add-ons like drapes and window shades. Alternatively, create your favoured atmosphere by mixing different colour shades using household furniture pieces.
Require Help? IKEA’s Assist Is Prepared To Suit Your Needs
Appreciate IKEA’s on the internet organizing solutions for accommodating kitchen area system METOD, PAX wardrobe combos, and television home furniture packages BESTA. IKEA’s planning specialists are here to help and advocate remedies based on your preferences. For expert consultations from the style professionals, electronic mail your preferred IKEA shops nowadays for more information.
Suit your Desires With IKEA Food
Look at IKEA Restaurant’s latest joyful special offers for the Chinese New Calendar year! Try out mandarin orange-styled sweets, affluence salmon, or even IKEA’s Cafe citrus smoothie and orange cheesecake. In the event you like something savoury, have a look at our bistro food list for vintage basics such as Swedish meatballs along with the newly unveiled veggie balls to get a healthier solution.
Visit IKEA Malaysia Shops These days
Shop online on IKEA’s software and obtain goods delivered to your doorstep, or pay a visit to our shops at Damansara, Cheras, Tebrau and Batu Kawan. The IKEA mobile app provides you with specifics of the latest merchandise, special offers, and in-retailer activities. Visit our website before in-store visits for up to date operating hours as our operations change following recommendations.
Select IKEA For All Of Your Redecorating Demands
Easy yet efficient, IKEA is honoured as an overseas manufacturer that produces the correct quality goods that suit our buyers, adhering to your Swedish technique of performing points inside a hassle-totally free and innovative approach. Pay a visit to IKEA Malaysia for a variety of inexpensive living room furniture and household components nowadays.Products Line Portlet
HIMAXX
<h4><strong>With the new HiMaxX series, FBT establishes a reference</strong>.</h4><p> The study of a <strong>new cabinet in polypropylene</strong>, the use of a <strong>switch mode power supply and high efficiency power amplifiers and the redesign of the loudspeakers</strong> were the activities of the FBT R&D team aimed at maximizing the power weight ratio.<br> This series comprises <strong>three models</strong>; two 2-way full-range enclosures in polypropylene, <strong>HiMaxX 40</strong> (12”+1”) and <strong>HiMaxX 60</strong> (15’’+1.4”), plus a compact 18’’ bandpass SUB in birch plywood (<strong>HiMaxX 100Sa</strong>).<br> <strong>Compact and light weight</strong>, HiMaxX brilliantly solve all the most demanding requests from buffs, musicians and professionals looking for <strong>powerful, versatile and very high quality</strong> loudspeaker enclosures. Ideal for live and sound reinforcement applications requiring ease of transport, they are also suited to <strong>fixed installations</strong>, thanks to the cabinets’ format and optional accessories.</p> <p> </p> <ul> <li>A powerful dynamic design for aggressive clean-cut lines. <strong>A sturdy light-weight box that ensures great versatility</strong> and is ready for installation, thanks to its special mounting points and optional accessories. The asymmetrical design enables the enclosures to be used as stage monitors.</li> <li>A specially designed control panel ensures <strong>ease of use and intuitive control</strong>. Mic/line input, auxiliary stereo input with (HiMaxX 40a), 3-band EQ, ground-lift, diagnostic LED.</li> <li>Loudspeaker totally redesigned in collaboration with B&C. FBT studied and designed a <strong>special chassis, a more efficient ventilation circuit</strong> with a consequent reduction of 2dB “power compression”, <strong>a considerably stiffer cone</strong> to improve reliability and distortion and an even <strong>more powerful neodymium magnet</strong> to increase control and efficiency. The voice coil has a diameter of 75 mm (3”) for <strong>higher power handling and reliability</strong>.</li> <li><strong>B&C compression</strong> driver with a 25 mm (1’’) throat and 44 mm (1.7’’) coil (HiMaxX 40) for high power handling. Thanks to the use of a <strong>shorting copper cap</strong>, high frequencies are even more dynamic and crystal-clear.</li><li>The development of the innovative amplifier is the result of years of research by the FBT R&D labs. It manages to combine the contrasting features of <strong>lightness, high power, efficiency and reliability</strong>, using the very latest technology. <strong>A switch mode power supply</strong> to reduce the weight and increase the power output velocity, a very high performance <strong>PWM amplifier for the low frequencies</strong>, to maximize the power fed out with minimum heat dissipation. <strong>A Class G amplifier for the high frequencies</strong> enables to achieve the audio quality of a Class A, with a much higher output.</li> <li><strong>The silent preamplifier</strong> manufactured with SMD technology has the job of handling the equalization, 24dB/oct crossover, sophisticated protections, limiter and the commands of the control panel.</li> <li><strong>The horn’s profile</strong> has been <strong>redesigned </strong>to ensure greater directivity control and lower distortion. The dispersion angle is 90°H x 60°V.</li> <li><strong>Research work carried out with the university on the cabinet’s resonance and the fl uid dynamics</strong> of the air led to the manufacture of a box in polypropylene with injection of absolutely inert GAS and efficient reflex ducts free from undesired turbulence.</li> </ul>
Gallery
20.04.2020
A contingency plan support system that collects and monitors data, allowing the restructuring and optimization of the industrial production line is one of several projects that the Fraunhofer AICOS research center (FhP-AICOS) is developing through the adaptation of technologies created within previous projects. This technology, which aims to be an asset in the adaptation of companies to the labor reality, can be applied in industries of different sectors of activity and dimensions.
The consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic will certainly be many and at several levels. Various companies will have to adapt, very quickly, by adjusting production lines. Thus, FhP-AICOS created a support system for contingency plans in the industrial context. Through the use of wearables and sensing technology, and using artificial intelligence techniques, it will be possible to perceive and monitor work flows and dynamics in industrial environments, in order to allow reintegration into work contexts during the transition period ( after the mitigation phase), avoiding, for example, the distance of infection and complying with health recommendations. This technology considers the proliferation channels, but also the work settings (distance, travel times and routes between workstations, the stations of the production line that require social contact, etc.) and the production requirements.
With acknowledged competencies in the areas of artificial intelligence, cyber-physical systems and user-centred design, FhP-AICOS is currently using all its experience and know-how in the development of new projects and in adapting technologies already created to the new reality brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic. Health, education and industrial production are some of the areas covered in these projects that should be applied in the short term.
Existing for over 10 years, and with projects and partnerships signed in the areas of health, retail, agriculture and energy, the FhP-AICOS research center uses, more than ever, its technology, scientific knowledge and experience for the benefit of society. Monitoring technologies, machine learning and computer vision techniques, motion analysis and production parameters are, at this stage, being applied to projects such as, for example, helping to restructure and optimize industrial production lines, in order to comply with health recommendations.
In addition to the industry, other projects are being developed and adapted to other sectors of activity, such as health. Using the digital fabrication equipment (3D printers), FhP-AICOS is producing face shields for professionals from several Portuguese health institutions. So far, face shields have been donated to IPO Porto, ARS Norte and Hospital da Prelada. As a member of the Smart Health Network, from the Health Cluster Portugal (HCP), FhP-AICOS is also collaborating in the development of three technological solutions that seek to respond to the COVID-19 pandemic and which should be launched on the market within 3 months:
> a bracelet for people infected with COVID-19, or with suspected infection, who are recovering at home and can be monitored remotely (technology that already exists for people with lung diseases, diabetes, heart failure and Alzheimer's, now adapted to COVID-19);
> the creation of a technical support center for the use of ventilators;
> creation of an e-learning platform that provides content on COVID-19 for health professionals.
The objective of these three solutions is to support the effort and dedication of health professionals in combating COVID-19 using the know-how, experience and knowledge in the fields of medical technologies and digital health from both FhP-AICOS and HCP associates involved in developing these solutions.After his pissed-off comments Monday, Boston pitcher David Wells has been sent to the principal's office. Wells, who blasted commissioner Bud Selig and accused him of covering up steroid results, was summoned to New York to chat with baseball brass. Interestingly enough, Selig himself is unlikely to be at the meeting; Wells]Opening Hours : Providing solution design within 24 hours
0086-21-58385887 ...Get Price
The entry barriers in the industry are high owing to the presence of established brands in the market. Major companies that hold a substantial vacuum cleaners market share and have attained economies of scale restrict the entry of new competitors in the industry.Get Price
Empty and Fill Times SOLUTION FILLING TIMES Minutes 1 1 gallon 0.25 2 2 gallon 050 ISSA 540 Cleaning Times 2 gallon 0.50 3 4 gallon 1.00 4 5 gallon 1.25 5 10 gallon 2.50 6 20 gallon 5.00 7 25 gallon 6.25 8 100 gallon 25.00 9 250 gallon250 gallon 52 2552.25 EMPTY AND RINSE Minutes 10 Trigger Sprayer 0.20 11 1 gallon 0.25 12 2 gallon 0.50 13 4 gallon 1.00 14 5 gallon 1.25 15 10 .Get Price.Get Price
Behaviour of the water table depends upon many things including permeability (which ranges by a factor of 10 10!), and regional humidity, as sketched in Figure 12 to the right. These factors can cause many kinds of water table configurations, some of which may be rather counter-intuitive. NOTE : these processes discussed here are natural.Get Price
Jan 21, 2009 · ...Get Price
With one of the largest mitering work envelopes in the stone industry - ... An optional camera is available on the SABERjet CNC SawJet for stone fabricators to place it above the table, photograph the slab, and layout the program at the machine. The high- resolution, wide angle lens will capture the entire table. ...Get.[PDF]Get Price
5.The report estimates 2019-2024 market development trends of Corn-wet-milling industry. 6.Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out ... Table Corn-wet-milling Applications List Table Drivers of Corn-wet-milling Market Table Restraints of Corn-wet-milling MarketGet Price.Get PriceGet PriceThis topic covers how to copy an existing question in a question bank.
- Select Tests & Quizzes on the left sidebar.
- Select the My Test Library tab to access your test library.
- Hover over the Item Banks button, and select Question Bank from the drop-down menu.
- A list of all available question banks will display. Select the name of the question bank that contains the question you wish to copy. In order to copy a question from a list of your own questions, select My Questions.
- If you've selected a question bank from another Owner, the far right column will display a padlock icon for each question. You will not be able to edit, delete or share these questions.
You are able to copy a question from another owner's bank by doing the following steps first:
1. Add Question from Question Bank
2. Copy Question in a Test
- If the questions are not padlocked, (such as changing the question text).
- Click the green Save Question button to save your changes.
- You will be taken back to the Question Bank. Note that the copied question will now be the last question listed in the Question Bank.115-019 ANTIQUE TRIBAL KHAMSEH RUG
This is an antique Khamseh. A collector´s and also a nice decorative rug for who will appreciate a shabby chic piece. It shows a two medallions design, idiosyncratic of the tribes of the Fars province. Scholars have suggested that its origin is the representation of water fountains, a feature that strongly sustains this theory are the stepped multicolored borders, the zig-zag has from very remote time symbolized ‘water’. Even the antique Egyptian hieroglyphic for ´water’ consists of zig-zag lines. The features of this rug are idiosyncratic of the Arab Khamseh tribes: the narrow guards that are usual in early pieces waved by this tribe, and also the so named “Cane Design” the bi-colored linear beautiful frame. The filling of the field and the medallions is starred by the most beloved and characteristic symbol of the Arab Khamseh tribe: the bird or pecking chicken that gives the name to this family of rugs: Morgh (bird in Farsi language)
Literature: many related examples were published on specialized books and catalogs.<<Denver, alongside our regional partners, requires masks in indoor settings for most businesses and venues. Businesses can opt to verify vaccinations before entry, in which case masks would not be required..
Only one event is permitted per day.
Tables and Chairs: For indoor use only!Snowflake (Set of 3) 6"H Resin
Thick, chunky snowflakes have a look of being hand-carved. Beaded accents have a timeworn look while chiseled edges are sanded to reveal the warm brown undertones.
Item # MR76781
Color: Brown, White
Measures: 6.5 x 1.25 x 6 Measurement is in inches LxWxH.Top Golf Quotes
Browse top 489 famous quotes and sayings about Golf by most favorite authors.
Favorite Golf Quotes
1. "Golf is a spiritual game. It's like Zen. You have to let your mind take over."
Author: Amy Alcott
Author: Amy Alcott
2. "My parents didn't play golf."
Author: Amy Alcott
Author: Amy Alcott
3. "The coma ward was boring yet difficult. Like golf."
Author: Belinda Bauer
Author: Belinda Bauer
4. "There is no similarity between golf and putting; they are two different games, one played in the air, and the other on the ground."
Author: Ben Hogan
Author: Ben Hogan
5. "But I think the guys are very happy to accommodate the people and that's part of golf in general."
Author: Bernhard Langer
Author: Bernhard Langer
6. "Competitive golf is played mainly on a five-and-a-half-inch course... the space between your ears."
Author: Bobby Jones
Author: Bobby Jones
7. "I'm patient with crossword puzzles and the most impatient golfer."
Author: Brett Hull
Author: Brett Hull
8. "Golf is hugely important, as it keeps me going."
Author: Bruce Forsyth
Author: Bruce Forsyth
9. "I'm not going to lie, I love TV. I watch a ton of it - golf, HGTV, football."
Author: Charles Kelley
Author: Charles Kelley
10. "I went and took golf lessons so Dad would let me play with him. I was just terrible... but I was able to have a wonderful time just walking around with Dad. I can see the real pleasure of that game."
Author: David Hyde Pierce
Author: David Hyde Pierce
11. "I don't play golf. I have more fun singing and dancing."
Author: Dick Van Dyke
Author: Dick Van Dyke
12. 
13. "Golfers don't scream. Golfers just adjust the pleats in their pants and go from there. That's about as antagonistic as we get."
Author: Gary McCord
Author: Gary McCord
14. "In Valdosta, Ga., during a mini-tour event, a player named James Black bet me $20 he could put five golf balls in his mouth and then close his mouth all the way. I tried it but could get only two in there."
Author: Gary McCord
Author: Gary McCord
15. 
Author: Gary Reilly
16. "I have a project at HBO and one at the Family Channel coming that are being looked at. Aside from that I am not doing much more than playing golf and some skiing."
Author: Gil Gerard
Author: Gil Gerard
17. "A golf course can be a very risky place in the early evening for those who aren't aware of the dangers. Who knows when a golf ball might come flying out of nowhere?"
Author: Haruki Murakami
Author: Haruki Murakami
18. "The competition I played against was fantastic, but golf is a different game now. The courses have shrunk because the equipment has gotten better. They're hitting the ball 10 to 15 percent farther because of the changes in the golf ball."
Author: Hollis Stacy
Author: Hollis Stacy
19. "It is like sitting in a traffic jam on the San Diego Freeway with your windows rolled up and Portuguese music booming out of the surround-sound speakers while animals gnaw on your neck and diseased bill collectors hammer on your doors with golf clubs."
Author: Hunter S. Thompson
Author: Hunter S. Thompson
20. ."
Author: J.D. Salinger
Author: J.D. Salinger
21. "I've played with some very famous bandits in my time on the celebrity golf circuit."
Author: Jasper Carrott
Author: Jasper Carrott
22. "For golf, being in the Olympics is a big boost. More so for Indian golf."
Author: Jeev Milkha Singh
Author: Jeev Milkha Singh
23. "Their voices came in clearly from the golf course. The laughing and yelping made a raucous counterpoint to the metronomic tock-tock-tock of the bunny's never-ending hop. Once, in the light of the quarter moon, they appeared in silhouette on a domed, distant green, like figures dancing in someone's dream.And then quite suddenly they were gone, as if the dreamer had awakened. Nothing to see, nothing to hear. Someone called "Hey!" after them, but that was all."
Author: Jerry Spinelli
Author: Jerry Spinelli
24. "You know the way I play golf, it's a good I do these things for charities."
Author: Joe Mantegna
Author: Joe Mantegna
25. "I get way more nervous playing golf in front of 500 people than being on stage in front of 20,000 people."
Author: Justin Timberlake
Author: Justin Timberlake
26. "I think I was given a gift to play golf and to be mentally strong."
Author: Karrie Webb
Author: Karrie Webb
27. ."
Author: Lee Byung Hun
Author: Lee Byung Hun
28. 
29. "Before,."
Author: Lydia Ko
Author: Lydia Ko
30. ."
Author: Lydia Ko
Author: Lydia Ko
31. "Fame is addictive. Money is addictive. Attention is addictive. But golf is second to none."
Author: Marc Anthony
Author: Marc Anthony
32. "Let the machine take care of the machines, and I'll go spend more time with my family, or golf."
Author: Mark Goddard
Author: Mark Goddard
33. "Golf is social. It brings a lot of people together."
Author: Mia Hamm
Author: Mia Hamm
34. "He who has the fastest golf cart never has a bad lie."
Author: Mickey Mantle
Author: Mickey Mantle
35. 
36. "I had two older brothers, so I was always competing with them. The guys I grew up with on the golf course, when I was 13, they were 15 or 16, and I was always trying to beat them."
Author: Mike Weir
Author: Mike Weir
37. "I'll be good," he repeated. "Something tells me you've told that particular fib more than once." "Mostly when I'm making deals with God." "How's that working out for you?" "I haven't been struck by lightning yet." He shook his head. "Last month, on the golf course. In the thunderstorm. I was in mortal danger, wasn't I?" "You almost died," I whispered."
Author: Mimi Strong
Author: Mimi Strong
38. "No matter what kind of day I've had at school, I always look forward to golf."
Author: Nick Johnson
Author: Nick Johnson
39. "Golf is a game in which you yell 'fore,' shoot six, and write down five."
Author: Paul Harvey
Author: Paul Harvey
40. "I can't just wake up and watch TV and do nothing. I need a day off working out, seeing the wife, play a little golf, see my kids."
Author: Pete Sampras
Author: Pete Sampras
41. "I've been into golf, trying to get into the gym to stay somewhat fit. I've got two boys now, they're active kids."
Author: Pete Sampras
Author: Pete Sampras
42. "I have musician friends who play too much golf, and they're not as good at music anymore."
Author: Raphael Saadiq
Author: Raphael Saadiq
43. "I'm a thirty-something ranch wife, mother of four, moderately agoraphobic middle child who grew up on a golf course in the city."
Author: Ree Drummond
Author: Ree Drummond
44. "As long as I keep enjoying my golf, then hopefully I'll be able to play well."
Author: Rory McIlroy
Author: Rory McIlroy
45. "Playing polo is like trying to play golf during an earthquake."
Author: Sylvester Stallone
Author: Sylvester Stall
48. "A golf course should aspire to generate as much energy as it consumes - golf should be leading the way toward energy net zero."
Author: Thomas Friedman
Author: Thomas Friedman
49. !"
Author: Vash Young
Author: Vash Young."
Author: Webb Simpson
Author: Webb Simpson
Golf Quotes Pictures
Previous Quotes: Quotes About Reality Check
Next Quotes: Quotes About Acting
Today's Quote
Blowing,BlowingThe gray slabsWill lose youthe winds will flick you awayIn a whiff"
Author: Carl Sandburg
Who Was Talking About "Golf"?
Famous Authors
- Paul Ferrini Quotes (2 sayings)
- Allen Neuharth Quotes (1 sayings)
- Jeff W Horton Quotes (5 sayings)
- Bobby Farrelly Quotes (14 sayings)
- Maggie Shayne Quotes (3 sayings)
- Geri Halliwell Quotes (19 sayings)
- Susan Griffin Quotes (22 sayings)
- Laure Eve Quotes (3 sayings)
- Nrane Saroyan Quotes (2 sayings)
- Asma Nadia Quotes (11 sayings)
Popular Topics
- Quotes About Doing What You Want
- Quotes About Fish In The Sea
- Quotes About Moving On From Old Friendships
- Quotes About Working Out Relationship Problems
- Quotes About Parenting Classes
- Quotes About Purity Of Love
- Quotes About Experience New Things
- Quotes About The Hippocratic Oath
- Quotes About Admiring Yourself
- Quotes About Sharing Successes
- Quotes About Tropical Paradise
- Quotes About Merrick
- Quotes About Realities
- Quotes About Organizational Leadership
- Quotes About Pharmaceutical
- Quotes About Life Pink Floyd
- Quotes About Lyrical Happiness
- Quotes About Inside Pain
- Quotes About Juxtaposition
- Quotes About Mistress Love
- Quotes About Movie Pickles
- Quotes About Fatal Woman
- Quotes About Satan And God
- Quotes About Ferry
- Quotes About Ugly Things
- Quotes About 33 Years Old
- Quotes About Adds
- Quotes About Halen
- Quotes About Death Sentence
- Quotes About Bill ShanklyModern Wood Design Tissue Box
✅ Made by plastic body and wood painted design colour top to bring up the style in your house
✅ Elegant Style
✅ Nordic design lovers’ favourite and top pick
✅ Multicolour available
✅ High Quality & Durable
✅ Fits Majority of the tissue refill pack
Size: 21.0 cm * 13.0 cm * 10.0 cm
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Automotive Industry
SCTAC understands what drives the automotive industry. OEMs like BMW and Proterra; suppliers like Michelin and ZF; and R&D organizations like Clemson University International Center for Automotive Research (CUICAR) require large scale manufacturing sites; testing facilities; access to air rail and highways; and skilled labor. SCTAC provides access to all of this and more.
International Transportation Innovation Center
The Southeast has the largest and fastest-growing automotive cluster currently in the U.S., and at the heart of it lies SCTAC, home of the International Transportation Innovation Center (ITIC).
ITIC is a secure, collaborative, OEM-agnostic proving ground for testing and validating automotive vehicles and technology. In addition to offering multi-configuration test tracks, ITIC provides a variety of services for developing and testing transportation megatrends such as vehicle automation, connectivity and electrification. As an independent, non-profit testbed, ITIC serves the needs of all automotive OEMs, suppliers, technology providers and research universities, regardless of brand affiliation or size.
Learn more about the unique services of ITIC by visiting their website.November 17, 2017
September 20, 2017
January 13, 2018
Got a tip?
Do you have info to share with HuffPost reporters? Here’s how.
March 16, 2017
December 3, 2016
November 12, 2016
Harriet is the CEO of peacebuilding charity International Alert and is based in London. She joined International Alert in late 2015 and leads its work across over 20 countries and key themes, from gender relations to the role the private sector can play in supporting peace. Before joining Alert, Harriet was CEO of Fairtrade International from 2012–2015 and Executive Director of the UK-based Fairtrade Foundation from 2001–2012.
Do you have info to share with HuffPost reporters? Here’s how.ART and Birth Defects
Key Findings: Use of assisted reproductive technology and risk of birth defects
Use of assisted reproductive technology (ART) in the United States has increased over time. In 2012, about 1.5% of all infants were conceived using ART. Although most pregnancies conceived by ART have healthy outcomes, there have been some reports of increased risk for birth defects in infants conceived with ART. However, many of these studies were small and only a few evaluated different types of ART procedures. To study ART and birth defects in a large population of liveborn infants, CDC used national ART surveillance data linked with information from vital records and birth defects registries for three states (Florida, Massachusetts, and Michigan). These findings provide additional information on the risks of ART that can be used by patients, providers, and researchers.
Does assisted reproductive technology increase the risk for birth defects?
- In our study of more than 4 million infants, we found that singleton infants conceived using ART were 40% more likely to have a nonchromos clearly answer this question.
Among ART-conceived infants, does the risk for birth defects differ by type of procedure?
- The prevalence of nonchromosomal birth defects (such as cleft lip and/or palate or congenital heart defects) was slightly increased for women with a diagnosis of ovulation disorder (such as polycystic ovary syndrome) and when assisted hatching was used. However, this association may be connected because of factors that we could not assess—such as embryo quality and undiagnosed diabetes.
More about These Findings
These studies used CDC’s National ART Surveillance System, which collects data on all ART procedures performed in the United States.
More Information about ART and Multiple Births
- Learn more about assisted reproductive technology and CDC’s work on this issue.
Key Findings References
- Boulet SL, Kirby RS, Reefhuis J, et al. Assisted reproductive technology and birth defects among liveborn infants in Florida, Massachusetts, and Michigan, 2000-2010.external icon JAMA Pediatr. 2016:170(6):e154934. doi:10.1001/jamapediatrics.2015.4934. Published online April 4, 2016.Sweet Potato Chicken Chili
Ingredients
- 1 large sweet potato
- 1 1/2 lbs boneless, skinless chicken breast
- 1 x 15 oz can black beans, not drained
- 1 x 15 oz can pinto beans, not drained
- 2 x 15 oz can crushed tomatoes
- 1 sweet onion, chopped
- 1 red bell pepper, chopped (or orange, or yellow)
- 2 cloves garlic, finely minced
- 3 chipotle peppers in adobo sauce
- 1/2 tbsp chili powder
- 1/2 tbsp cumin
- generous pinch salt and pepper
Optional for topping:
- nonfat plain Greek yogurt
- fresh cilantro
- freshly grated cheese of choice
Instructions
- Pierce sweet potato several times with a fork. Heat in microwave for 2 minutes. This is optional, but recommended for sweet potatoes to reach desired tenderness. Chop into 1" chunks.
- Place chicken in slow cooker. Layer sweet potatoes on top, followed by beans, tomatoes, veggies, garlic chipotle peppers and seasonings. Cook for 6 hours on low.
- Before serving, remove chicken breasts and use forks or tongs to shred. Chicken should pull apart very easily. Return chicken to crockpot and stir chili to combine, then serve. Leftovers may be kept in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 10 days.Thank you for using JustAnswer. I am researching your issue and will respond shortly.
While it's possible that this could happen, it almost certainly will not. I see time and time against payday loan companies threaten to have you arrested (which is a violation of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (FDCPA) for a lender to threaten).
They would have to prove criminal intent, and that's very difficult to do in a payday loan situation. The reason is that most individuals that take out a payday loan are already financially strapped, and there's a presumption that they intend to pay again.
They would need to show some additional evidence than you not paying, closing the account, etc... (which is merely a breach, not a crime).
So in short, while it's possible, it's highly highly highly improbable. I've seen many situations of these companies threaten to have you arrested, but I've never seen or heard of a situation where it has actually basically they cannot arrest me?
The company can't.
They could report a "crime"
But the police probably wouldn't because of lack of evidence of fraudulent intent.
but the lawyer that call me said they are signing a process and locate
Not surprising.
This is very much in line with what they usually say.
They are appealing to your fear of being arrested, and also appeal to time constraints (act now or lose this chance).
exactly
It's designed to make you think irrationally.
I panic and i agree to pay portion of it
now I'm not sure if they are ligit
they might be scammer
Whether they are legit or not is a different matter.
true
They can't legally threaten you this way.
What you asked is if you can be arrested, and I would put money on the fact that you almost certainly will not.
(that it's a common tactic used by less than reputable debt collectors)).Edward Hirsch, a MacArthur Fellow, has published ten books of poems, most recently Gabriel: A Poem (2014) and Stranger by Night (2020).
He has also published six prose books about poetry, including A Poet's Glossary (2014) and 100 Poems to Break Your Heart (2021).
His new book, The Heart of American Poetry, will be published next spring. He is the president of the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation.
Followed by a special musical offering—
Robert Carl performs "13 Ways of Looking at a Blackbird,"
a bagatelle set for a narrating pianist, inspired by the Wallace Stevens Walk.Indian & Harley Vintage Club
Active and Ordinary Membership Categories
Primary requirement for qualifying for Club Historic Registration with the IHVC (apart from the prompt payment of fees), is as follows;
Active Membership
To qualify for a Historic Declaration Form to be issued by the Club Registrar you will need to prove Active Membership by:
Attending a minimum of one Club meeting per annum, and having attended at least one gazetted club ride* in the same period. (May to May from the May GM 2016)
The Committee has discretion to waive the above criteria for special circumstances upon written application to the secretary of the Club.
Note: You must have a club eligible motorcycle before other RMS Eligible Historic Vehicles will be considered by the IHVC Committee and only if the above criteria is met in the first instance.
Ordinary Membership
Applicant nominated to The Club in the usual form.
Ordinary Membership does NOT entitle, nor qualify, the Ordinary Member to any of the privileges that pertain to the grant of Historic Registration. If sought, the Ordinary Member will be required to become an Active Member as defined in 1st dot point of “Active Membership” hereof.
Definition of Terms:
* Gazetted Ride: Listed in the IHVC website “Calender of Club Rides and Rallies”
Active Member: by having attended a minimum of one Club meeting per annum, and having attended at least one *gazetted club ride in the same period
* Ordinary Membership: Be entitled to all privileges that the club offers other than qualifying for Historic Registration eligibility.
* Club Eligible Motor Cycle: Harley-Davidson and Indian Motorcycles manufactured before 1958 in roadworthy condition and registered for road use in Australia are accepted. Period modifications are allowed but non period items such as disc brakes are not. (Reference: The Great Race eligibility criteria).
(Reference: Motion passed 75% plus at IHVC General Meeting May 2016)Websites.
The development of a website is often a time consuming, multi-stage process requiring ongoing communication and negotiation.
It can be very difficult for the client to express exactly what they want. In our experience, you need to ‘shop about’ and instruct a web developer who has the patience and the know-how to convert your vision into your dream site.
What are the legal considerations when engaging the services of a web designer?
- Agree on a Website Work Form – This document is essentially the Head of Terms. Once completed, it will set out the proposal or key instructions on what you want from your web designer.
- Website Design Agreement – This document governs the design and development of the website. This can be applied either to the construction of a new site or to the redevelopment of an existing one. Clauses should include (but certainly not be limited to);
- Description of Deliverables’ and Specifications
- Budget/Fee/Payment
- Website Specifications for Hosting
- Services Relating to Hosting
- Hosting Fees
- Complete a Final Project Release Document – Many web developers will request the right to showcase your website as an example of their work. Permission to do so is normally given in this release form. Moreover, the form acts as the ‘sign off’ by both parties confirming that the work has been satisfactory undertaken and parties are happy with the end result. Think of this as the signing off of a snagging list, but in the e-commerce world.
Most Web Developers will issue you with their own legal agreements (referred to above), however as with any contract, it is essential you seek the relevant advice so you fully comprehend what you are entering into, and your options if you need to terminate the relationship prematurely!
What information should you include on your website?
Website Terms of Use – This policy advises your users what is acceptable and not acceptable use of the website. Think of these as your online T&C’s.
Website Disclaimers – These ensure that you are legally protected from unreasonable expectations. Disclaimers set out clearly that whilst you use your reasonable endeavours to keep the site up-to-date and accurate, there is no guarantee given to the website users.
Cookie & Privacy Policies – Following the implementation of the new Data Protection Laws in the UK (GDPR), this is the most essential policy to have on your site.
Parker Arrenberg Solicitors can assist with all your e-commerce needs by providing an excellent and compliant website policy drafting service – Also, don’t forget that there are different Regulatory obligations on the information that Companies, Partnerships and Sole Traders must give to their customers’, so contact Parker Arrenberg Solicitors for advice on how to ensure you meet all your legal online obligations.
IT and software.
Whether your business is procuring software or producing it, using Parker Arrenberg Solicitors, will ensure the process is greatly simplified for all parties concerned.
Our IT & Software services include:
- ASP Agreements
- Software Licence Agreements
- Software Development and Testing Agreements
- Open Source Software Licences
- Database Agreements
- IT & Data Protection Policies
- IT Disaster Recovery
- IT Services Framework Agreement Documents.SN.
For those who don't know, the premise of Undercover Boss is very simple: the CEO of a major corporation or business pretends to be someone else and spends time working alongside his lowly employees, learning what it's like to be the low man on the totem pole and realizing what everyone really thinks about him. Naturally, the temperamental Kylo Ren is not an especially good fit for such a reflective and humbling exercise. Hilarity ensues, etc.
And hilarity does ensue because this sketch is executed to perfection. Driver's hilarious riff on his own character provides the scene with a strong core, but the straight-faced performances from the rest of the cast (who have to bounce off the silly, moody Driver) and the pitch-perfect production design (which manages to make the Star Wars setting look appropriately dull in that reality show kind of way) make this into a total gem.The situation with Sami Zayn has been confusing to say the least. Zayn showed up on Raw as a surprise challenger for John Cena’s U.S. title, but almost as soon as the match started, the ref threw up the dreaded “X,” and Sami was selling his arm for the rest of the match. WWE.com reported that Zayn was legitimately hurt, but the injury played so well into the match, there was some suspicion that the whole thing was a work.
Unfortunately, it seems like the situation is all too real. While WWE hasn’t released an official update yet, numerous sources, including PWInsider, are reporting word inside the company is that Zayn suffered a rotator cuff injury of some kind. Possibly a full rotator cuff tear. Zayn had already taken some time off in March and April for shoulder issues, so he may have re-aggravated or worsened an existing injury.
So, when exactly did Sami get injured? There was no obvious moment in the match. It appears as if he may have injured himself hyping up the crowd before the bout. In the below video, you can see him throwing his arms up, then immediately favoring his shoulder…
Injuring yourself during your entrance is a tad embarassing, but Zayn isn’t the first guy to hurt himself with over-exuberant theatrics. Randy Orton famously dislocated his shoulder doing his pre-RKO viper taunt once. Have you guys never played a wrestling game? The taunts are supposed to increase your health. Take it easy.
We’ll keep you updated as this story develops. Best of luck, Sami.Karma Ergo Lite transit wheelchair lightweight fol
Karma Ergo Lite transit wheelchair Very good like new - used a maximum of 3 times collection in person central london contact for more details unfortunately refunds won’t be accepted. Karma Ergo Lite transit We will carefully check every item before shipment from BROADSTONE . The quality is guaranteed! Note: Russian buyers were required to fill in the full name ( normally including the name, f...
See price
Auction£ 60
eBayAbout Me
Book Notes
Resources
<aside> 💡 Find me online Twitter | LinkedIn | GitHub
</aside>
Data Narratives [2021 - ] Founder and CEO
A no-code platform for data research. WIP!
Popper [2020] Co-Founder and CEO
Created a news article automation service and sold it to large Indian media companies.
We automatically published articles within 30 seconds of news release. 120M+ unique IPs accessed our content every month. Developed some insanely amazing tech that was later assimilated into Data Narratives
Loki [2017 - 2021] Founder and CEO
A data API and insights company. Scaled it from $0-$180k in annual revenue as a solo-founder and only full-time employee.Sold products from as low as S$200/month to as high as S$80,000/year
Tech from this later assimilated into Data Narratives
FitCam [2019]
Real-time, on-device posture correction while exercising
Alternative economic metrics [2019]
Using satellite imagery, vehicle registration data, and sector-specific data to track economic growth in developing countries
Human Name Classifier [2019]
Predicting Indian users' gender, ethnicity, age, religion, and affluence from name stringsIn this paper submerged photovoltaic systems (PVSs) are investigated with regard to the efficiency increase of PVS under high irradiance and ambient temperature; in particular, the optical and thermal effects are studied by means of experimental tests and mathematical models. The increment of efficiency through the cooling effects is evaluated. The PV panel performance of a submerged photovoltaic panel is investigated at different water depths. Experiments results on crystalline silicon panels are used to validate the.“IPCC announces “independent” review“. Surprise, surprise: Anthony Watts is treating this as simultaneously proof that the “mainstream” is going to whitewash all the errors (two? three? five?) in AR4 and that the repeatedly declared sea-change in public opinion against the corrupt climatologists is underway.
Because this news wasn’t instantly displayed on the IPCC’s home page, Anthony knows that the IPCC is trying to slip something by the public. Read the IPCC PDF here.
Anthony Watts replied to my post pointing out that the press release was indeed mentioned on the home page with this: “perhaps somebody pointed this out to them after reading WUWT.”
This post at WUWT is particularly bizarre. I saw the home page mention as soon as I visited ipcc.ch simultaneously with reading WUWT the first time., shortly after it was posted I posted at WUWT that the link was there, but being in the “penalty box” my post did not show up immediately. Still, several hours passed and no correction from WUWT, and my post still not there. Now, this new morning, my post and Watts issues an update.
I don’t know when that actually happened. In fact, I don’t even care. But it’s the suggestion that maybe a WUWT reader is responsible for correcting the IPCC web page is serious Chutzpah on Anthony’s part. He cannot conceive of the idea that there might just be a delay in updating the web page for any number of realistic reasons. The IPCC staff is so small that it’s doubtful theyhave someone dedicated to the website. They may not even run it at all — WMO may do it as a courtesy for all we know. Reading Anthony’s reply, I suspect the man thinks because of his blog he has these commanding powers over the anti-science community and can embarass IPCC officials into doing his bidding.“Offering up aromas of lemon oil, white flowers, Anjou pear and crisp green apple, the 2018 Pouilly-Fuissé Tête de Cru Les Perrières is medium to full-bodied, racy and incisive, with fine depth at the core, lively acids and a bright, chalky finish. This has turned out especially well this year.”-93WA, 2022-2040.The Western Cape Provincial Parliament’s Standing Committee on Community Safety, Cultural Affairs and Sport, in compliance with section 7 of the Western Cape Provincial Languages Act, 1998 (Act 13 of 1998), invites the general public to nominate suitable persons as members of the Western Cape Language Committee (WCLC). These positions are not permanent forms of employment. Appointed members will only serve a full three-year term of office.
The mandate of the Western Cape Language Committee is prescribed in the provisions of the Pan South African Language Board Act, 1995 (Act 59 of 1995), the Constitution of the Western Cape, 1998 (Act 1 of 1998), and the Western Cape Provincial Languages Act, 1998 (Act 13 of 1998). The aim of the WCLC is to monitor the use of the three official languages of the Western Cape; to monitor the implementation of the Western Cape Language Policy; and to advise the Minister tasked with language matters and the Pan South African Language Board on language matters in or affecting the province.
The members of the Western Cape Language Committee represent the users of the three official languages of the Western Cape, namely Afrikaans, English and Xhosa, as well as of South African sign language and previously marginalised indigenous languages of the Western Cape. Members of the Committee have full command of at least two of the three official languages of the Western Cape;
• have knowledge of and experience in language matters and must actively and proactively contribute to the promotion of the use of the three official languages spoken in the province, as well as of previously marginalised indigenous languages and South African sign language; and
• haveDifference between Amazon S3 and TitanFile TitanFile :Glassesmart.pk presents the best-selling Randolph engineering aviator sunglasses. This pair features an elegant metal body with matching lenses that give off a classy vibe. Also, the rubber arm tips and nose pads ensure comfort and ease all day long. Randolph aviator is a favorite of many celebrities because of its luxurious look. Moreover, the versatile aviator style suits every face shape.
Randolph Engineering Aviator
₨2,790
Shop the classic gold at a reasonable Randolph Engineering Aviator price in Pakistan. The thin and sleek metal body comes with a durable and functional design for everyday wear.’s 2016 Oscar Predictions
>>IMAGE!
Eight films – “Bridge of Spies,” “Mad Max: Fury Road,” “The Revenant,” “Spotlight,” “The Martian,” “The Big Short,” “Room,” and “Brooklyn.” – will vie for the 2016 Best Picture Award, and multiple white faces will compete for the acting categories. Spike and Patrick will opine on BEST Picture, Actor, Actress, Supporting Actor/Actress and Director. As in previous years, the prognostications are broken down into thoughts on who WILL WIN, SHOULD WIN and SHOULD HAVE BEEN NOMINATED (for one last gasp of desperate dissent). The predictors will also take on a wild card guess for two other categories, and the latest odds on the rest of the field will be highlighted to fill out your ballot for Oscar Night. Happy Oscar!
PREDICTOR GUIDE: Spike Walters = SW and Patrick McDonald = PM
BEST PICTURE
Will Win: “The Revenant” (SW, PM)
Should Win: “Mad Max: Fury Road” (SW), “Room” (PM)
Should Have Been Nominated: “Steve Jobs” (SW), “Love & Mercy” (PM)
The Revenant
Photo credit: 20th Century Fox
Both prognosticators go with the Big Bear, not in the “Room”…”Personally, I’m not a big fan of ‘The Revenant,’ but it’s sweeping to victory because obviously there are folks in the Academy who love bears, and their ability to maul Leo.” (PM) “All that grunting in ‘The Revenant’ seems to have put the Academy in a trance, and it seems to the one with momentum right now even though it’s my least favorite nominee. ‘Mad Max: Fury Road’ was a true technical and cinematic marvel. And while for me the most dynamic and exciting movie of the year, ‘Steve Jobs,’ wasn’t nominated.” (SW)
BEST ACTOR:
Will Win: Leonardo DiCaprio “The Revenant” (PM, SW)
Should Win: DiCaprio, (PM), Michael Fassbender (SW)
Should Have Been Nominated: Tom Courtenay “45 Years” (PM), Michael B. Jordan “Creed” (SW).
Leonardo DiCaprio in ‘The Revenant’
Photo credit: 20th Century Fox
It’s Leonardo’s year, we’re just sharing it with him…”Leo simply overshadows a fairly straight forward group of performances. Courtenay should have joined his on-screen ’45 Years’ partner Charlotte Rampling, but it would have made no difference in the year of Leo.” (PM) “Leonardo Dicaprio will win this year but for all the wrong reasons. He’s due, and ‘The Revenant’ was an understandably difficult shoot. But I’d rather watch Michael Fassbender embody and bring to life the prickly pioneer a hundred times rather than sit through ‘The Revenant’ again.” (SW)
BEST ACTRESS:
Will Win: Brie Larson “Room” (PM, SW)
Should Win: Cate Blanchett, “Carol” (PM), Larson (SW)
Should Have Been Nominated: Charlize Theron “Mad Max: Fury Road” (PM, SW)
Brie Larson in ‘Room’
Photo credit: A24
Brie Larson gets the nod here, and Charlize Theron gets some love, emerging from the adrenaline-fueled Max universe…“Except for JLaw, this is the strongest group of performances, with any of the other three deserving of gold. What distinguishes Blanchett, Rampling and Ronan from Larson (who was terrific) was that they completely had to carry their films, but Cate especially was the whole of ‘Carol.’” (PM) “Brie Larson gets and should win the award because she makes palatable what didn’t sound like an appealing premise. It takes a lot for an actress to basically hold the screen while trying to get by stuck in a single room and survive, but Larson pulls it off. Charlize Theron was truly a surprise in the big budget blockbuster and proved more than able to carry the film, turning Mad Max into a supporting player in his own movie.” (SW)
BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR:
Will Win: Sylvester Stallone “Creed” (PM), Mark Ruffalo, “Spotlight”
Should Win: Stallone (PM), Ruffalo (SW)
Should Have Been Nominated: Pierce Brosnan “No Escape” (PM), Michael Stuhlbarg “Steve Jobs” (SW)
Michael B. Jordan and Sylvester Stallone in ‘Creed’
Photo credit: Warner Bros.
The predictors are split, the predictors are split!…”Cue endless playings of the ‘Rocky’ theme, Stallone is honored full circle. Catch Pierce Brosnan if you can in the underrated ‘No Escape,’ as he portrays a somewhat demented James Bond.” (PM) “While prognosticators have Sly Stallone taking home Oscar gold for playing Rocky (for the 7th time) I smell an upset here – perhaps it’s the lingering resentment from having to sit through too many bad Stallone pictures over the years. Ruffalo has the most Oscar ready reel in an entire cast full of stellar supporting players in Spotlight, and he deserves it. Stuhlbarg never had a chance, but I thought his subtle and delicate work while holding the screen with one of the titans of technology was worthy of an honor.” (SW)
BEST SUPPPORTING ACTRESS:
Will Win: Jennifer Jason Leigh “The Hateful Eight” (PM), Alicia Vikander, “The Danish Girl” (SW)
Should Win: Leigh (PM), Kate Winslet “Steve Jobs” (SW)
Should Have Been Nominated: Alicia Vikander “Ex Machina” (PM), Jennifer Jason Leigh “Anomalisa” (SW)
Alicia Vikander in ‘The Danish Girl’
Photo credit: Focus Features
Ha Ha Ha, the wildest split possible. Jennifer and Alicia switch roles and positions between two guesses in two categories…”This is one of my famous (and mostly wrong) ‘split the vote’ predictions. Kate has faded since the Globes, and Vikander is nominated for the wrong film, thus the showy JenJay takes the gold. Yep.” (PM) “Vikander was nominated this year but for the wrong role. She gets a nomination and probably the award for a forgettable piece of Oscar bait. Winslet disappeared into her role and had a way with dialogue that turned it from technical jargon into pure poetry. Jennifer Jason Leigh is another actress nominated this year but for the wrong role, when she was truly striking in the animated ‘Anomalisa.’” (SW)
BEST DIRECTOR:
Will Win: Alejandro González Iñárrittu “The Revenant” (PM, SW)
Should Win: Adam McKay “The Big Short” (PM), George Miller “Mad Max: Fury Road”
Should Have Been Nominated: Alex Garland “Ex Machina” (PM), Danny Boyle “Steve Jobs” (SW)
Director Alejandro González Iñárrittu On Set for ‘The Revenant’
Photo credit: Warner Bros.
It’s a clean sweep for “The Revenant” in this category, and SW continues his “Steve Jobs” love…”Visually and technically, ‘The Revenant’ is an achievement. Story, not so much, but give Iñárrittu credit for swaying the Awards Season two years in a row. Todd Haynes for ‘Carol’ just missed the should-have-been. ” (PM) “I am hoping against hope for an upset here, but Iñárrittu’s showy self-satisfied-yet-ultimately-arduous-and-meaningless meander through the west will probably make him a back-to-back winner.“ (SW)Is it quantity or quality – or both? That’s the question swirling around the local luxury market, according to the Chronicle. Paragon’s very own chief market analyst Patrick Carlisle was quoted extensively throughout the article, so you know it’s good.
“Here we have a residential neighborhood that barely existed 15 years ago,” Carlisle said with regard to South Beach, which recently saw a 1,600-square-foot condo at the Millennium sell for $4.5 million. “Now it has some of the most expensive real estate in the country.”
According to the Chron article, San Francisco’s high-end home market saw a bumper year in 2013, with sales doubling over a previous high in 2007. That includes newer neighborhoods such as South Beach as well as older ones such as Presidio Heights.
“There are still people who want giant houses in old prestige neighborhoods,” Carlisle told the paper. But that’s not all. “There’s a whole different concept of luxury and it’s taking a bigger and bigger share of the market.”.Type Of Raymond Mills
_1<<
Raymond Mills Roller Type - 8ucoza
5 roller raymond mill manufacturer in kolkata Find here Raymond Mill manufacturers, suppliers & exporters in India in design and manufacturing of Three/ Four Roller Raymond type …
RAYMOND® ROLLER MILLS - arvos-group
experience, Raymond is a leader in the design and manufacture of industrial milling equipment and has set the standard in size reduction THE INDUSTRY STANDARD FOR OVER A CENTURY Raymond Roller Mills: More than 2,000 roller mills have been supplied since the first mills …
Type Of Raymond Mills - stonecrushingmachine
type of raymond mills type of raymond mills We offer advanced, reasonable solutions for any size-reduction requirements including quarry, aggregate, and different kinds of minerals Chat Now; what is a raymond mills Raymond Mills & Associates can create a professional innovative business image and portray your company
>>IMAGE
raymond mills roller type nepal - justforkickscoza
raymond mill,raymond roller mill,raymond mill Introduction of Raymond mill: YGM series Raymond Mill is the new type Raymond mill of our company, which is Roller mill - Wikipedia Roller mills are mills that use cylindrical rollers, either in opposing pairs or against flat plates, to crush or grind various materials, such as grain, ore, gravel,
raymond mills roller type - christoartfairnl
vertical roller mills type raymond tobien Raymond Roller Mills are air swept vertical ring roll mills Pendulum roller mill that simultaneously dries, pulverizes and classifies materials
Raymond Mills - aaronequipment
Our inventory of Raymond mills can be used for specific industrial processes These processes consist of barite, cement, clay, coal, cocoa, food, and grain processing Please submit a quote online or call 630-350-2200 with any Raymond mills your looking to buy or sell
Find Raymond Mills at Legacy
Apr 06, 2019 · Find Raymond Mills's memorial at Legacy You can leave condolences in the Guest Book, buy sympathy flowers, and pay your respects
Mill (grinding) - Wikipedia
There are many different types of mills and many types of materials processed in them Historically mills were powered by hand (eg, via a hand crank), working animal (eg, horse mill), wind (windmill) or water (watermill) Today they are usually powered by electricity
raymond mills roller type - thinkgloballysouthjersey
Roller Mills on ThomasNet- raymond mills roller type ,Results 1 - 25 of 52 Welcome to the premier industrial Roller Mills resource A wide Alstom Power Inc, Raymond Operations - Warrenville, IL LMtyperollerXZM Ultrafine Mill - China Raymond Mills, Roller MillXZM Ultrafine Mill, Find Details about Raymond Mills, Roller Mill from XZM Ultrafine mill is widely used in making fine powder or micro
_12<<
Raymond Mills Roller Type - 8ucoza
5 roller raymond mill manufacturer in kolkata Find here Raymond Mill manufacturers, suppliers & exporters in India in design and manufacturing of Three/ Four Roller Raymond type …
Type Of Raymond Mills - matkakaubadeu
Type Of Raymond Mills EquipmentMine New and Used Mining … EquipmentMine is a searchable database of new, used and surplus mining equipment and parts available for sale
raymond mills roller type - fairmontgroup
Vertical Roller Mills Of Raymond Type Roller Press Mill In
raymond mills roller type - magazenenl
Jan 13, 2015· YGM series Raymond Mill is the new type Raymond mill of our company, which is suitable for processing various non-flammable and non-explosive mineral materials with , Get Info Raymond Roller Mill - gypmak
raymond mills roller type - oalebakkershoesnl
raymond mill roller type installation diagram - HOME Raymond Roller Mills: More than 2,000 roller mills have been types of mineral processing industries ize, classify and deliver a number of different types of Get Price
types of bearings used in raymond bowl mills
Machinery and Equipment buys and sells all types of Used Raymond mills including bowl mills, roller mills, vertical mills and impact , Bearing Ball Mill Cost Break Get More Used Raymond Mills from Machinery and Equipment
energyconsumption of raymond mills - restaurantlastresafr
high output 5 rollers raymond mill energyconsumption of raymond mills nanoclean-projecteu kinds of milling equipment Raymond mill, is a kind of roller raymond mills for 25 T H high output low consumption talc raymond mill
HD Series Raymond Roller Mill - hengdamill
The whole structure of Raymond mill is composed of a roller mill, Driving system, Classifier, pipeline device, blower, finished cyclone collector , jaw crusher, …
raymond mills types - hotelbich
type of raymond mills Type Of Raymond Mills Crawler Type Mobile Crusher Raymond Mill Crawler Type Mobile Crusher is one of the fine mining equipments, which manufactured by Henan Heavy Industry in China Get A Free Quote types of hydraulic valves raymond mill
Miles and Snow's 4 Strategic Types: Summary and Forum
What are the Four Strategic Types? Description In their 1978 book: "Organization Strategy, Structure, and Process" Raymond Miles and Charles Snow argue that different company strategies arise from the way companies decide to address three fundamental problems: Entrepreneurial problemHow a company should manage its market share
type of raymond mills - shivampropertyco
type of raymond mills Home › type of raymond mills; what kind of products are used in raymond mill Learn More::sunny's Blog:: New type of Raymond mill has more advantages Join indyarocks for post a free blog, sunny's Blog , sunny blog, New type of Raymond …
RAYMOND® IMP™ MILLS - schenckprocess_24<<
uses of raymond mill - bijbelforumnl
Perry Videx offers used Raymond Roller Mills Hi or Low Side, Used Raymond Mills For Sale from Machinery and Equipment Machinery and Equipment buys and sells all types of Used Raymond mills including bowl mills, roller mills, vertical mills and impact (IMP) mills View our online Raymond Mill for Minerals Working Principle - Ghana Gold Crusher
types of ha er mills raymond mill - coastalpatrolorg
types of raymond grinding mill manufacturer supplier; mini ball mill ball mill types of grinders raymon; vibratory screeners types; types of screening equipment; types of ore processing plants; types of ball mill and costs; operation of grinding machin types of grinding machine; rod mill for pounding types uae; types of mining in the mining
raymond mills roller type - christoartfairnl …
raymond mills roller type - oalebakkershoesnl
YGM series Raymond Mill is the new type Raymond mill of our company, which is suitable for processing various non-flammable and non-explosive mineral Get Price RM new Raymond mill - Powder Processing - Weifang Jinghua
types of ha er mills raymond mill - captainleecoza
types of ha er mills raymond mill Factory Price Mini Mobile Diesel Engine Jaw Crusher With Vibrating Factory Price Mini Mobile Diesel Engine Jaw Crusher With Vibrating Screen , Find
images of roller used in bowl mills - nijmegenfotograafnl
for mills & PULVERIZERS C-E RAYMOND Roller Mills C-E Raymond Bowl Mills The most versatile and prevalently used mill type Raymond Mill,Raymond Mill Working Principle Raymond mill host another vulnerability is grinding roller, under normal circumstances, Raymond mill for grinding roller in use for some time, this according to
Vertical Roller Mills Type Raymond - restaurantindianach
raymond mills roller type - bbtivoli-villa-maryit
Raymond mill,Raymond mills,Raymond mill for sale,Raymond The Raymond mill is used to grind materials in the fields of building materials, mining, metallurgy and …
Raymond Mill, Raymond Mill Operation Principle)
Three / Five Roller Mill for Mineral_34<<
raymond mills coal - thebakerytorinoit
RAYMOND® ROLLER MILLS With more than 125 years of experience, Raymond is a leader in the design and manufacture of industrial milling equipment Pulverized Coal Pipe Testing and Balancing Kolkata type of coal used by cement industry
new type raymond mill grinding mills - shoppingemporiumcoza
MTW Series European Type Trapezium Grinding Mill for sale With the Best Price 2018 ZENITH new type MTW Series Trapezium Mill for rock stone ore China Roller milling machine for sale, raymond mills for sale, raymond mill for sale
raymond mills roller type - morleyshootingschool
motor bbc type mills 28056 ; raymond ball mills capacity and size ; raymond roller mill maintenance guide ; raymond mills yavatmal district ; roller mills grain ; Ohio Asbestos Exposure Sites - Cappolino Dodd Krebs LLP Places in Ohio where asbestos is known to have been present
INTRODUCTION TO BOWL MILLS - BHEL HYDERABAD
CE Raymond Mills were first developed for pulverizing coal for cement and mining industry Subsequently, they found extensive use in the Power Plants for Pulverizing coal BHEL entered in to technical collaboration with Combustion Engineering, USA for …India's skeptical patent regime is only one of pharma's worries in the country. New price controls are on their way, and brokerage house HSBC has identified which companies are most likely to suffer from the cuts. Meanwhile, regulators are once again looking at new hurdles to foreign investment, inspired by another round of pharma dealmaking.
Those price controls, which affect 348 drugs designated as "essential medicines," will hit GlaxoSmithKline ($GSK) hardest among Big Pharma. Domestic drugmakers Cadila Healthcare and Cipla--plus Ranbaxy Laboratories, majority-owned by Japan's Daiichi Sankyo--are also expected to take a hit. India's Sun Pharma and Lupin will escape the brunt of the price cuts, MoneyControl says.
Meanwhile, the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) is asking India's prime minister to revisit the rules on foreign investment in the pharma sector, the Economic Times reports, citing sources. After a long debate, last year the country changed foreign investment rules to require government approval on foreign puchases of domestic drugmakers. Deals involving new projects don't require upfront approval.
Since then, several foreign companies have applied for approvals, and four of the latest proposals have the DIPP worried about foreign investment again. U.S.-based Mylan ($MYL) is involved in two of those, while Japan-based Terumo filed another. One official told the ET that "the policy needs to be relooked at the highest level."
The original debate arose after a series of deals took Big Pharma deeper into the Indian market. Daiichi bought its stake in Ranbaxy, for one, and Abbott Laboratories ($ABT) snapped up Piramal Health Care's domestic drug business to become India's biggest drugmaker. Big Pharma has been targeting India, one of the fastest-growing drug markets, for its own expansion, as business in more mature markets slows.
- read the MoneyControl story
- get more from the ETIsaac – Child Portrait- Foster R.I.
The day of this session, the sun was out and filtered through the autumn trees beautifully! I work with Kelly, and sheView full post »
Four Reasons to Have a First Look Before the Ceremony.
One of my favorite moments during a wedding is when the looks at one another for the first time on their special day.View full post »
Dakota- Senior Session- Greystone Lofts R.I.
Even though I can’t remember much from when I was a child, I’ve known Dakota since he was born. My familyView full post »
9 Lessons I Learned From My Dog
My special little Sonny Blue has been such a blessing since we adopted him. Unleash your talents. Treat everyone withView full post »
Holly & Natanael- Family Portrait- Swan Point Cemetery Providence R.I.
“Oh! I know a beautiful spot you can take some pictures, its this beautiful cemetery…” my mother-inView full post »
Andi Flax in Little Compton R.I.
Sometimes portrait photography can be an intimate experience. I was walking up to Longhorn Steak House last spring, whenView full post »
Who I am Today
I’ll admit it, I love putting the spotlight on other people and talking about their lives- accomplishments,View full post »
Before & After: 5 Ways I Used Photoshop in a Boudoir Image.
Oh, Image processing and retouching. Some days I just absolutely love it, I can express my vision of the session. OtherView full post »Should Keith Williams Be Fired?
Keith Williams DUI
169 members have voted
Recently Browsing 0 members
No registered users viewing this page.
169 members have voted
No registered users viewing this page.
Recommended Posts
Join the conversation
You can post now and register later. If you have an account, sign in now to post with your account.Happy Earth Day Salmon Post...
EarthCup and Trainer Check In!I was really excited to return to Kampung Blekok the other day. About two years ago, not only had we led an ecobrick training-of-trainers in this community… but I also met Cak Ali! Ali had joined our training to figure how to deal with his community’...
Presented!
What actually is “green”? What is actually “helping the planet”? What does that even mean? Although, it may seem simple, it gets confusing fast.
Ready to Present!
Ready to present the paper!
Calendar Sales Up!Up!...
First Print!Woohoo! After thinking about this idea for the last ten years, I am super excited to finally make the first full print of my Earth cycle calendar! Thanks to my master navigator brother Chris for the help adding the Moon’s apsidal procession and the Earth’s...
_9<<
Better Ottawa Recycling?
The other day, my brother asked me about a proposal for a new recycling program in our city of Ottawa, Canada. Is enhancing current recycling the best way to go ‘greener’?
Theorectical Inspiration
Theoretical inspiration from the Three Body Problem.Finance Globe
Saving on Groceries: Easier than you Think
When you step foot into a local grocery store or order pickup or delivery online, you will have two things on your mind:
- Finding and buying everything you need
- Saving money along the way
It is easy to put a variety of items in your cart. It is not so easy to check-out, knowing that the final total could be more than you wanted to spend. With this day in age, things are just plain out getting expensive. Most people, including myself will try to lower costs while receiving maximum value.
While many people are resigned to the fact that they will overspend on groceries, you don’t have to go down this path. Instead, use these tips to your advantage:
- Buy what’s on sale. It may not be what you want, but it could go a long way in saving you money.
- No matter which store you visit, there are sure to be items on sale. See if you can make these work in terms of your dietary “wants and needs.”
- Generic is often times as good as the brand. For some reason, there are shoppers who shy away from generic brands. Does this sound familiar? Don’t be shy about experimenting with generic items from time to time. You may soon find that you are getting the same taste and quality, all at a cheaper price.
- Use an advantage card. It doesn’t matter what your store calls out, you can save a lot of money by scanning one of these cards at check-out. It doesn’t cost you anything, so you might as well sign-up. By the end of the year, you may find that this little piece of plastic has saved you hundreds of dollars.
- Use a credit or debit card with rewards. Cash back credit cards are popular because of their obvious reward - cash back to you. Some cash back cards earn over 2% back. This really adds up!
- Search online for coupons. In today’s day and age, it only takes a little bit of time and internet access to find coupons that can save you money at the grocery store. Find a few websites that provide coupons for your favorite stores, and be sure to check them often. Even if you don’t think you will use a coupon right away, print it out and keep it close by. You never know when it will come in handy.
- Watch the mail. Yes, online coupons are all the rage. However, many stores continue to send out coupons and updates on sales via snail mail. Get out of the habit of throwing these coupons out before you ever take a closer look.
With these six tips driving you, saving money on groceries is possible. Furthermore, it can be a lot of fun!
By accepting you will be accessing a service provided by a third-party external toThanks Udo, I have a question for all you guys, I have got part of the car wrong and it annoys the hell out of me. My mates don't notice it and when i point it out they tell me I'm being pedantic. So my question is can you guys see it. If you have noticed then I'm picking you're being polite or you also think its nothing and doesn't warrent concern. But I would like to know if anybody has seen it. I know that sounds vague but I'm not going to point it out because if its not obvious to you guys then its nothing to worry about. Cheers LeonDur: 167171.
Schedule:
1st Shift 5:00am-1:30pm, Monday-Friday; every 4th weekend required.
Duties and Responsibilities of this Level
Level 1
Have responsibilities in at least one of the following areas in order to ensure optimal inventory management for in-scope facilities: In accordance with established policies and procedures, Level 1 staff are required to:
Level 2
In addition to the responsibilities of Level 1 listed above, the Level 2 is expected to perform the following responsibilities: at least 50% of their time on a multitude of functions below.
In accordance with established policies and procedures, Level 2 staff are required to:
Required Qualifications at this Level
Education
Experience
Previous warehouse or customer service experience highly preferred.
Level 1: At least 1 year of work experience, including experience in one of the following areas: distribution, warehousing, shipping, receiving, logistics, material handling, customer service, inventory control, or other comparable service line. Strongly prefer experience in a fast- paced, customer service environment.
Level 2:Birds of Prey ... Osprey Photo Gallery ... Featured Osprey Images
Bookmarks on this page
- Global Names
- Distribution / Range / Habitat
- Subspecies, Distribution and Identification
- Description
- Reproduction / Breeding / Nesting
- Diet / Feeding (including amazing movie of ospreys hunting and capturing prey)
- Calls / Vocalizations
- Building an Osprey Platform Nest
- Status / Conservation
The Osprey (Pandion haliaetus) - also commonly referred to as "Seahawk", Fish Hawk or Fish Eagle -- is a long-winged, medium-sized, fish-eating raptor with a worldwide distribution. It is found in temperate and tropical regions of all continents except Antarctica; although in South America it only occurs as a non-breeding migrant. In North America, there are amongst the larger bird of prey.
They generally breed in temperate climates and winter in the tropics; and occur in areas with shallow water, both fresh and salt, with abundant fish.
Even though it nests near water, the Osprey is not a sea-eagle.
Their typical lifespan is 7–10 years, though some have lived 20–25 years. The oldest European osprey on record lived to be over 30 years of age.
Alternate (Global) Names
Afrikaans: Visvalk ...Czech: orlovec øíèní, Orlovec rícní, Orlovec ?í?ní, Orlovec ?í?ný ...Danish: Fiskeørn ... German: Fischadler ... Spanish: Águila calzada, Águila de Mar, Aguila Pescadora, Águila Pescadora, Áquila pescadora, Gavilán Pescador, Guincho ... Finnish: kalasääski, Sääksi ...French: Aigle botté, Aigle pêcheur, Balbuzard, Balbuzard fluviatile, Balbuzard pêcheur ... Irish: Coirneach, Iascaire coirneach ...Indonesian: Elang ikan, Elang laut burik, Elang Tiram, Kwéa ... Italian: Falco pescatore ... Japanese: misago, Shokyu, Su-dori, Uo-taka ... Dutch: Visarend ...Portuguese: águia pesqueira, Aguia-pescadora, Águia-pescadora, Águia-pesqueira, caripira, gavião-caipira, gavião-caripira, gavião-do-mar, gavião-papa-peixe, gavião-pescador, guincho ... Russian: Skopa, ????? ... Swedish: Fiskgjuse ...Turkish: Bal?k kartal?, balyk kartaly ... Chinese: [e], [yu-ying], ??, ??, ?(??), ?
Interesting Facts
- Ospreys in many ways resemble Bald Eagles, but Ospreys can easily be identified by their white under plumage. Eagles and ospreys are often found in similar habitats and eagles have been observed forcing ospreys to drop the fish that they have caught so that they can steal them in midair.
- Unlike Bald Eagles, Ospreys can become completely submerged during a dive into water and are still able to fly away with their prey. Their oily and dense plumage provides water proofing. They can dive up to 3 feet or 1 meter below the water surface.
- The Osprey is the only raptor (bird of prey) with a reversible outer toe, which allows it to hold on to its prey with two toes in front and two behind.
- The underside of the osprey foot is covered with spines, called spicules, which allow it to hold onto slippery fish. Often, the osprey will aerodynamically position a fish headfirst in its talons (claws) before returning to the feeding perch or the nest.
- Ospreys generally pair for life, but will 'divorce" if a mating is unsuccessful. The female chooses her mate based on the quality and location of his nest.
Distribution / Range
The osprey is found in the following countries:
Afghan; Finland; France; French Guiana; Gabon; Gambia; Georgia; Germany; Ghana; Gibraltar; Greece; Grenada; Guadeloupe; Guam; Guatemala; Guinea; Guinea-Bissau; Guyana; Haiti; Honduras; Hong Kong; Hungary; India; Indonesia; Iran, Islamic Republic of; Iraq; Ireland; Israel; Italy; Jamaica; Japan; Jordan; Kazakhstan; Kenya; Korea, Democratic People's Republic of; Korea, Republic of; Kuwait; Kyrgyzstan; Lao People's Democratic Republic; Latvia; Lesotho; Liberia; Libyan Arab Jamahiriya; Liechtenstein; Lithuania; Luxembourg; Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of; Malawi; Malaysia; Mali; Malta; Martinique; Mauritania; Mexico; Micronesia, Federated States of; Moldova; Monaco; Mongolia; Montenegro; Montserrat; Morocco; Mozambique; Myanmar; Namibia; Nepal; Netherlands; Netherlands Antilles; New Caledonia;; Saint Kitts and Nevis; Saint Lucia; Saint Pierre and Miquelon; Saint Vincent and the Grenadines;; Taiwan, Province of China; Tajikistan; Tanzania, United Republic of; Thailand; Timor-Leste; Togo; Trinidad and Tobago; Tunisia; Turkey; Turkmenistan; Turks and Caicos Islands; Uganda; Ukraine; United Arab Emirates; United Kingdom; United States; Uruguay; Uzbekistan; Venezuela; Vietnam; British and United States Virgin Islands; Western Sahara; Yemen; Zambia; Zimbabwe.
Migration
Ospreys generally migrate in flocks of 8 to 10. Females tend to migrate earlier. Even though most of the traveling will be done during the daytime, they may fly at night - particularly when crossing over water. They fly on average 160 - 170 miles (260–280 km) a day with a maximum of 265 miles or 430 km a day.
- American and Canadian Ospreys breed from Alaska and Newfoundland south to the Gulf Coast and Florida. They winter further south from the southern United States through to Argentina in South America. However, some remain in the southern US states, such as Florida and California.
- European Ospreys breed throughout Europe north into Scandinavia and Scotland, though not Iceland. They mostly winter in North Africa; but some also winter in South Asia. An Osprey ringed in Norway was recovered in western India.
- Australasian Ospreys tend to be resident (non-migratory). In Australia, they are found patchily around the coastline, though there are non-breeding visitors to eastern Victoria and Tasmania and the Bismarck Islands, Solomon Islands and New Caledonia. They are uncommon to fairly common winter visitors to all parts of South Asia, and Southeast Asia from Myanmar through to Indochina and southern China, Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines.
- The Ospreys found in Singapore may migrate north to breed, but some are seen year-round. These are likely to be either immature birds or non-breeding adults.
Habitat
The Ospreys tolerate a wide range of habitats, nesting in any location near a body of shallow water with an adequate food supply, including temperate lakes, rivers, tropical coastal waters, boreal forest ponds and desert salt-flat lagoons. They prefer habitat with tall trees or snags for nesting.
Subspecies, Distribution and Identification:
Ospreys are unusual insofar as a single species occurs nearly worldwide. There are four generally recognized subspecies although the subspecies are not unequivocally separable as differences are minor. Some authorities only acknowledge the first two.
- Pandion haliaetus haliaetus (Linnaeus, 1758) - Nominate Race
- Range: Eurasia. Occurs in Scandinavia east to Japan and south to Mediterranean, Red Sea and Cape Verde Islands. They winter south to South Africa, India, west Indonesia and the Philippines.
- Pandion haliaetus carolinensis (Gmelin, 1788)
- Range: North America - Labrador west to Alaska and south to Florida and Arizona. Winter south to Peru, Chile and southern Brazil. Large nesting populations are also found in coastal areas of northwestern Mexico (Sonora and Baja) - these osprey populations show plumage characteristics in between these nominate and carolinensis subspecies.
- ID: Larger. Darker plumage. Has a paler chest than nominate race and a more pronounced chest band. Darker eyeline.
- Pandion haliaetus ridgwayi (Maynard, 1887)
- Range: Found in the Caribbean islands, including Bahamas, Cuba and Belize. Non-migratory.
- ID: Very pale head and chest compared to nominate race, with only a weak eye mask.
- Pandion haliaetus cristatus (Vieillot, 1816)
- [Pandion haliaetus melvillensis]- not an officially recognized subspecies. Probably invalid.
- Range: Indonesia to northern Australia
- ID: Resembles the cristatus subspecies
Size:
Length
- Ospreys generally measure from 50 - 66 cm (20 - 26 in)The female is slightly larger measuring between 60 - 66 cm (24 - 26 in) ; the male is about 50 - 55 cm (20 - 22 inches) long - including beak and tail.
Weight
- They weigh between 0.9–2.1 kg (2.0–4.6 lb)
Wingspan
- 127–183 cm (50 - 72 in
Male and Female ID
There are some clear markers as far as gender is concerned, although some plumage variations do exist. It is generally easy to identify the gender of the members of breeding pairs; however, it is more difficult with individuals.
Adult males
- Slimmer bodied than females
- Under plumage is entirely white / greyish; although a band of weak brownish streaks may be seen around the neck and upper chest in some individuals (generally narrower than the female's)
- Narrower wings
- Weaker or non-existent breast band than the female
- More uniformly pale underwing feathers
Adult female
- She has a band of dark brownish streaks on her throat and around the neck and upper chest (on an otherwise mostly white or greyish under plumage)
Detailed Description of the Adult
Head
The head is white or greyish except for a dark brown stripe from the eye to the back of the head. It has a short hooked, black beak with a blue cere (skin above the upper bill). The nape (lower hind neck) is brown. The eyes are yellow-golden to brown. The translucent "third eyelid" is pale blue.
General Plumage
The upper plumage (nape, back) is dark brown to black. The chest and belly are mostly white or greyish.
Tail
They have a short brown tail with a number of medium-sized white bands.
Feet
Their feet are equipped with spiny scales and long talons (claws) that give them a firm grip on slippery fish. Unlike other raptors, the Osprey has four equal toes. The outer one is reversible, enabling the bird to seize its prey with two toes pointing forwards and two pointing backwards.
Wings and Flight
Ospreys have long, narrow, arched wings with four long "finger" feathers (and a shorter fifth). The wings taper to a rounded tip. The upper wing feathers are brown-black. The flight feathers below are white barred with black.
Ospreys are able to soar on wind currents, however, most of their flight is "active" - with wings flapping. It flies with a distinct bend in its wing at the "elbow," giving it a "gull-like" appearance.
Immature Description
The juveniles resemble the adult, but it has streaked feathers on the head. There is barring on the underwings and flight feathers. The dark back feathers are white-tipped. They have fewer markings on chest. Their eyes are orange.
Reproduction / Nesting / Breeding
Ospreys are of breeding age when they are about 3 - 5 years old. However, in the absence of suitable nesting sites, they may delay breeding until they are 5 - 7 years old.
Breeding Season
The breeding season varies according to latitude.
USA: In Florida, they nest from January - April; although eggs have been found as early as December. Further north in the United States, they start later - with most nesting activities occurring from March - August.
Australia: In Southern Australia, they breed from September - October; in northern Australia from April - July.
Mating / Pairing
The male osprey courts the female with aerial acrobatics and by presenting her with food or nesting material, accompanied by a courtship call. The male feeds the female throughout the nesting season, even before nesting, Ospreys are generally monogamous and mate for life; however, in some rare instances, polyandry has been observed (one female with several mates).
Nesting Sites
The males select the nesting site, which is usually nest within 2 - 3 miles (3 - 5 km) of a shallow water body, such as salt marshes, swamps (mangrove, cypress), streams, shorelines, islands, freshwater lakes, rivers or reservoirs.
They usually nest on tall dead or open-topped trees with flat tops. They have also constructed their nests on cliffs, rocks or, occasionally, on flat ground. Some ospreys nest in colonies.
Ospreys may also take advantage of man-made structures, such as utility poles, pylons and towers. Many also accept specially designed osprey nest platforms that are provided for them to encourage Osprey breeding activities. This conservation measure was instrumental in helping the osprey recover from the drastic population reductions seen in the 1950s and '60s caused by common use of pesticides at that time.
Nests
Osprey pairs build and reuse the same nest year after year for raising chicks as well as a home base for adults.
The large Osprey nest is typically situated 10 - 60 feet or 3 - 18 m off the ground. It is a bulky mass of coarse sticks, driftwood and other debris lined with seaweed, bark, sod, vines, grass and other available soft materials - even plastic bags, hula hoops, rag dolls or toy boats. There is a shallow indentation in the middle into which the eggs are eventually laid.
If the pair has no nest, they both collect the sticks and grasses to build one. As they return each year, they will add to the existing nest, undertaking any necessary repairs and making the nest bigger and stronger. An old osprey nest can weigh up to 1,000 lbs.
Eggs and Incubation
The average clutch consists of 3 eggs, but 1 to 4 eggs are possible. The eggs are creamy white to cinnamon with dark brown or reddish-brown spots. The eggs are slightly larger than chicken eggs, measuring about 6.2 x 4.5 cm (2.4 x 1.8 in) in diameter and weighing about 65 g (2.4 oz).
Both the male and the female brood the eggs for about 5 - 6 weeks; however, the female does most of it and she relies on the male to feed her during this time.
Raising the Young
The chicks - also commonly referred to as eyas - usually hatch sequentially, 1 - 5 days apart. The hatchlings weigh only 50 - 60 g or 2 oz. They are covered with down and their eyes are open. Initially, they are only capable of limited motion.
Both parents feed the young; but the male does most of it, as the female remains in the nest to look after the chicks and to protect them from predators. The returning male will often give the most nutritious parts of fish to his mate and the chicks; while he contends himself with the head and tail of a fish.
At those times when food isn't abundant, only the oldest or two older chicks survive. The youngest and smallest chicks usually can't compete with their larger siblings and many of them die of starvation.
The young ospreys fledge (leave the nest) when they are about 8 to 10 weeks old (sometimes as early as 6 weeks). Ten to fifteen days before fledging, the young ospreys practice flapping their wings, which causes them to become stronger. They are also observed jumping up and down on the nest until a wind gust carries them over the edge. Their parents may encourage them to take the first leap by tossing a fish near their young. The young may continue to be fed by their parents for another two months after fledging.
Diet / Feeding (Scroll down for Movie)
Ospreys typically hunt alone in the early morning or late afternoon. This could be due to the fact that the light is best for sighting underwater prey; although this feeding pattern is shared with most other bird species.
Ospreys rarely hunt over the open sea. They generally prefer calm shallow waters with trees or structures for perching. They are often observed feeding in estuaries, mangroves, freshwater wetlands and man-made habitats, to include reservoirs, rice fields and irrigation canals. They avoid mountainous regions.
Their diet consists almost exclusively (99+%) of fish, including flounder, bullhead, and perch. They favor fish that weigh 150–300 g (5 - 10 oz) and are about 25 - 35 cm (10 - 14 in) long; however, they will accept fish that weigh from 50 to 2000 g (2 - 68 oz). They usually catch about 1 - 3 fish a day; when raising 2 - 3 chicks, they have to catch 6 - 8 fish a day to provide adequate nutrition for them.
Occasionally, they eat frog, snake, small reptiles, other birds, and mammals, such as rodents, rabbits and hares.
Ospreys are not scavengers and usually only eat live fish; although they might accept the occasional dead fish they come across.
When hunting, the Osprey flies about 10–40 meters (32–130 ft) above the water, searching for fish near the water's surface.
When a fish is sighted, the Osprey first hovers of the water and then plunges from the air into the water feet first using a reversible front talon and foot pads with small impaling spines that allow it to easily grasp slippery fish. In preparation for its way back to its feeding perch, the Osprey uses its reversible outer toe to grip and reorient the fish in its claws so that its head is pointed forward - this makes the fish more aerodynamic and easier to carry.
It sometimes happens that an Osprey captures a fish that is too big to carry. If their talons (claws) get stuck and the osprey can't release the fish, it will dry to drag the fish to shore. If that fails, Ospreys have been known to be pulled under the water by the weight of a fish and drown.
The Osprey has special adaptations for its fish diet, such as
- well adapted vision that allows it to detect underwater objects from the air;
- closable nostrils that keep out water during their dives;
- backwards facing rough, short spines on the talons (claws) which act as barbs to help hang onto a slimy fish;
- the feet have two toes pointing backwards (most birds only have one toe facing backwards - also facilitates grabbing and holding onto fish.
- its oily and dense feathers provide water proofing as they dive into water; but this also makes them buoyant, so they can't go deeper than about 3 feet or 1m below the water surface;
- their strong hooked beak allows them to easily tear fish into bite-sized pieces.
Their calls are described as a series of sharp cheep, cheep or yewk, yewk. If alarmed or disturbed - particularly near their nests, their call is a frenzied cheereek. The female's voice consists of plaintive whistles.
Status / Conservation
The Osprey's global population is estimated at 460,000 individuals. Due to conservation efforts, the Ospreys have made significant recoveries. Even though they are not currently considered endangered or threatened under U.S. Endangered Species Act, they are protected under Migratory Bird Treaty Act of 1918, which makes it illegal for people to "take" migratory birds, their eggs, feathers or nests.
Threats
- The cutting down of dead trees reduces suitable nesting habitat.
- Hunting of the adults.
- Collecting of the eggs.
- The use of chemical fertilizers, pesticides and other pollutants run off into the water and reduce fish populations.
Its numbers drastically declined in 1950 to 1970s due to the use of the pesticide DTT, which run off into the lakes and rivers, and were absorbed by fish - the primary diet of Ospreys. This poison interfered with the bird's calcium metabolism resulting in thin-shelled, easily broken or infertile eggs. Therefore, Ospreys faced extinction as they couldn't produce enough young to maintain its population.
United States
Even though this species has somewhat recovered in the United States, it is still listed as endangered or threatened in some states, especially in inland states.
Australia
There is evidence for regional decline in South Australia. They have disappeared from their former territories in the Spencer Gulf and along the lower Murray River.
Conservation
Ospreys are protected under Migratory Bird Treaty Act of 1918.
In many countries, the use of DTT was banned in the early 1970.
To encourage breeding, many communities provide artificial nesting platforms for them, which are readily accepted by the Ospreys. Please refer to below details ...
Building a Platform Nest
- Location ... The nest should be placed ...
- ... in an open / exposed location (not under or within the canopy of a tree).
- ... no closer than 600 feet from any other bird of prey nest
- ... at least 600 feet away from human activity and away from busy recreation areas.
- ... near a good source of food (a shallow water body with plenty of fish)
- ... in an area that is free of, or protected from, predators (near or over water, on islands) and surrounded by an open area for easy take off and landing and good visibility to easily spot approaching predators (such as other birds of prey)
- In most cases, an Osprey nest consists of a long pole with either a circular or rectangular platform securely mounted on top of it. Rectangular platforms should have side dimensions of at least 2 feet on any side, with a minimal 3-foot diagonal. Circular platforms should have a diameter of at least 3 feet.
- The pole should be as tall or taller than other surrounding structures - the platform nest should be situated at a minimum 15 feet above the ground.
- The structure should be strong enough to support a nest weighing 200 pounds or more. An average-sized nest measured in Oregon weighed 264 pounds (120 kilograms) and was 41 inches (104 centimeters) in diameter.
- Provide an elevated perch to attract the ospreys to the nest. This perch should be about 3-feet above the nest.
- A predator guard should be installed at the base of the nest structure to prevent the eggs or chicks from being easily reached by predators.
- The nest should be inspected annually. If the nesting material is more than 1.5 feet deep, remove a layer of sticks.
- Be Patient! The platforms may take as long as five years to be occupied by a pair of nesting osprey.
- Please provide to this website for instructions and a diagram for building an osprey nest.
Species Research by Sibylle Johnson
Please Note: The articles or images on this page are the sole property of the authors or photographers. Please contact them directly with respect to any copyright or licensing questions. Thank you.
Add new comment2021 2022 GDA Schedule
Recommendations for choosing classes
Dancing is a wonderful activity for children of all ages. Along with developing technique, artistry, and love for self-expression, dance encourages children to work towards goals, overcome obstacles, and gain self-confidence. Not only will the love of the art form be nurtured in your children, but skills will be grown in them that will last a lifetime.
Read below for some tips that will assist you in the process of class selection.
Age
It is never too late to start dancing, though the earlier, the better. Gillman’s Dance Academy offers classes for children beginning at age 3. The classes geared toward ages 3-6 years old will not have a strong technical focus. In the event that your child is age 7-10 years old and has never taken a dance class, Kinder Combo and Dance Combo classes are a great start! For older children, aged 10 & up, for example, it is recommended that they start off in a lower level class to gain a foundation before jumping into more advanced classes. This will mean taking class with children several years younger than them, but it will be worth it in the long run! New students are always welcome to take a trial class, free of charge, so they can decide if dancing is something they want to commit to.
Style
Gillman’s Dance Academy offers a variety of styles of dance. Whether it’s for the grace and poise of ballet or the freedom and energy of tap, there is value in studying any style! For students with a strong interest in lyrical and/or jazz, it is strongly recommended that they take ballet.
Ballet is the foundation of all styles of dance, and students’ progress in Lyrical and jazz will be hindered without the technical refinement that studying ballet brings. Tap can be taken independently of other dance styles.
Commitment
As your young dancer grows in ability and training, the time commitment potentially grows as well. In order to determine how much time your child can commit to dance, it is important to evaluate their goals, schedule, and other activities.
The more styles of dance selected, the more hours per week. Members of M.A.G.I.C Dance Company will participate in the most hours of dance per week, including weekends.
Investment
Along with fees and tuition (see the fees & policies section of our website), the appropriate attire for each class will be required. This includes any variety of the following: leotards, tights, and ballet/pointe/jazz/tap/lyrical shoes. Investing in the proper attire is important for dancers, as it allows the dancers to get the most out of their training, and guards against avoidable accidents and injury.
If you are unsure of how to proceed in registering your child, please contact the office 502-243-9722/info@gillmansdance.com and we will do our best to assist you in making your selections!
Tiny Dancer -Ages 3 & 4
An introduction to basic dance skills through fun and innovative ways meant to instill a love for dance while expanding the child’s creative approach to movement. Basic coordination and gross motor skills are improved while exploring your child’s imagination and creativity. Ballet etiquette and basics are introduced as we build a foundation for future learning. This class is a 30-minute class.
- Monday 3:30-4:00
- Tuesday 10:00- 10:30 am
Kinder Combo -Ages 4-6
Your child’s first introduction to traditional dance through a combination class of ballet and tap. Rhythm and musical awareness, etiquette, posture, and grace are accented, while keeping dance a fun and creative experience. Specifically designed for children ages 4-6, this class evolves with the child’s educational development. This is a 45-minute class.
- Tuesday 3:30-4:15
- Thursday 5:30-6:15
Dance Combo -Ages 7-9
Coordination and attention of school-age children allows for a more concentrated class with dance technique. Balanced with structured dance training with creative concepts, so the class is fun while also being educational. This class creates the learning foundation for 1st, 2nd, and 3rd graders. It is highly recommended as a base for future studies. This is a 60-minute class.
- Monday 5:45-6:45 Ballet/Tap Dance Combo
- Wednesday 4:00-5:00 Ballet/Jazz Dance Combo
Ballet
The foundation of all dance forms. It teaches proper placement, carriage, grace, and poise. Barre exercises develop strength and flexibility, while center work allows the student to practice classic dance principles. Ballet is highly recommended as a complement to other classes because terminology and placement in Ballet quickens advancement in other classes. This is a 45-minute class.
- Tuesday 4:00-4:45 Primary/Intermediate -Ages 7-10
- Tuesday 6:15-7:00 10&up
Lyrical
Lyrical dance is a dance style that blends ballet and jazz dance. A lyrical dancer uses movement to express strong emotions such as love, joy, and sadness.
Tap
Tap class combines dance with rhythmic foot patterns. Students learn the coordination of feet and musical rhythm in a way that is both challenging and fun.
Jazz
Jazz dance is a variety of techniques influenced by many dance forms and is one of the most popular and essential. This class focuses on progression, coordination, technique, and performance. It is high in energy and a lot of fun!Hear from CIOs, CTOs, and other C-level and senior execs on data and AI strategies at the Future of Work Summit this January 12, 2022. Learn more
Nvidia announced today that it has launched a number of efforts to speed deep learning inferencing, a form of logical reasoning that is critical for artificial intelligence applications. Some of its advances will be able to cut data center costs by up to 70 percent, and its graphics processing unit (GPU) will be able to perform deep learning inferencing up to 190 times faster than central processing units (CPUs).
In the past five years, programmers have made huge advances in AI, first by training deep learning neural networks based on existing data. This allows a neural network to recognize an image of a cat, for instance. The second step is inferencing, or applying the learning capability to new data that has never been seen before, like spotting a cat in a picture that the neural network has never been shown.
Nvidia’s efforts are aimed at improving inferencing while slashing the cost of deep learning-powered services, said Jensen Huang, CEO of Nvidia, in a keynote speech at the GTC event in San Jose, California. Thanks to these improvements, tech companies are making strides in speech recognition, natural language processing, recommendation systems, and image recognition.
Nvidia announced a new version of its TensorRT inference software, and the integration of TensorRT into Google’s popular TensorFlow 1.7 AI framework. Nvidia also said that Kaldi, the most popular framework for speech recognition, is now optimized for GPUs. Nvidia has also collaborated with Amazon, Facebook, and Microsoft to make it easier to take advantage of GPU acceleration.
“We are experiencing a meteoric rise in GPU accelerated computing,” said Ian Buck, vice president and general manager of accelerated computing at Nvidia, in a press event.
Above: Nvidia’s inferencing efforts are paying off.
He said GPU acceleration has moved far beyond what central processing units (CPUs) are capable of. He said Nvidia’s Volta chips are 20 times faster than comparable CPU servers at high-performance computing. Nvidia said its TensorRT 4 software offers highly accurate INT8 and FP16 network execution, which can cut datacenter costs by up to 70 percent. And the TensorRT 4 software delivers up to 190 times faster deep learning inference compared with CPUs for common applications such as computer vision, neural machine translation, automatic speech recognition, speech synthesis, and recommendation systems.
“The TensorFlow team is collaborating very closely with Nvidia to bring the best performance possible on Nvidia GPUs to the deep learning community,” said Rajat Monga, engineering director at Google, in a statement. “TensorFlow’s integration with Nvidia TensorRT now delivers up to eight times higher inference throughput (compared to regular GPU execution within a low-latency target) on Nvidia deep learning platforms with Volta Tensor Core technology, enabling the highest performance for GPU inference within TensorFlow.”
TensorRT can also be deployed on Nvidia Drive autonomous vehicles and Nvidia Jetson embedded platforms. Deep neural networks on every framework can be trained on Nvidia DGX systems in the datacenter, and then be deployed into all types of devices — from robots to autonomous vehicles — for real-time inferencing at the edge.
Buck said the city of Kansas City, Missouri, is using deep learning to predict where the potholes will appear in the city, allowing it to dispatch crews ahead of time to patch up the holes. The city tested six major intersections in the city and analyzed them with a neural network. They got about 76 percent accuracy for predicting when a pothole would form on the roads. They are accurate within five to 10 feet, and they let crews fix cracks before the holes form.
“Deep learning is truly transforming our world,” Buck said. “They can make potholes a thing of theThe. This unique project was meant to be a model Communist city but later became. The 'Communism Tour' includes walking around the district, refreshments in an old-fashioned restaurant and a short visit to the local 1950s shop with unique, traditional tacky souvenirs, truly Socialist interior design, and a small exhibition of real-life Communist items.
Tour details
Which Tour to Choose?Blinken warns: Washington close to giving up on Iran nuclear deal
The US secretary of state, Antony Blinken, warned Iran that the time to return to the nuclear agreement (JCPOA) is about to end and Washington is close to abandoning its efforts to revive the deal. He did not give a date, “but we are approaching the point where a strict return to compliance with the JCPOA does not reflect the benefits obtained from this agreement,” Blinken told reporters in Germany.
The talks on the nuclear deal with Iran cannot go on indefinitely, but the United States has returned to Vienna to continue the negotiations. Antony Blinken, on several occasions, specified that “it is up to Iran to act now.” Indirect talks between Tehran and Washington resumed in April, intending to revive the 2015 agreement, abandoned by the United States in 2018.
The statements come the day after the anticipation of the new quarterly report of the International Atomic Energy Agency (Aiea), which will be discussed next week at the meeting of member countries. According to this report, monitoring at Iranian nuclear sites has been “seriously compromised” by suspending some inspections by Tehran starting from February. According to the report, Tehran has quadrupled its enriched uranium stocks to 60% since May, in blatant violation of the JCPOA agreement signed in 2015. The United States withdrew in 2018 at the behest of then-President Donald Trump.
In February, IAEA inspectors found that uranium remains in two structures not declared to the agency during a surprise inspection, demonstrating that the enrichment activity is in contravention of the monitoring rules established by the JCPoA agreement.
According to the IAEA, the agency’s ability to properly assess Iran’s nuclear activities is dwindling to the point of no return. Since the election campaign, the Biden administration has made re-entry into the JCPOA nuclear deal one of its foreign policy priorities. With the inauguration in January, Washington undertook a series of indirect talks in Vienna to negotiate the terms of the re-engagement. However, Iran suspended talks in June, with the election of the new ultra-conservative president Ebrahim Raisi. On Saturday, Raisi, quoted by the Iranian press, said that “negotiations are on the agenda” but will not be conditioned by Western pressure.
Given the IAEA member states meeting next week, during which the need to establish a request in the face of Iranian delays may emerge, Robert Malley, the US Special Envoy for talks with Iran, went to Moscow. He reiterated the position that “it is not possible to wait forever.” Israeli Foreign Minister Yair Lapid is also conducting a flash visit to Moscow to meet Sergey Lavrov’s counterpart. Another aspect of the “war of shadows” between Israel and Iran is on the table, namely the attempts by the Jewish state to hit the Iranian military infrastructure in Syria, where Moscow also plays a leading role.
Russian anti-missile systems have intercepted dozens of missiles launched by the Israeli air force into Syrian territory in recent weeks. Israel, whose new Bennett government has maintained Netanyahu’s line of opposition to the American return to the JCPOA, is pressing because, if talks with Iran are not given up, at least they also include two elements left out of the original 2015 agreement: the Tehran’s ballistic program and its regional influence exerted through delegates in Lebanon, Syria, Yemen, Iraq, and even Gaza.Logo Design for a St. Louis Logistics Company
Visual Lure was recently contracted to design a logo for a St. Louis logistics company called SheerTrans Solutions. The top logo (show below) is the final logo with a couple other unused logo design options (underneath it). The final logo creates a path/road/track (which symbolizes logistics & transportation), an infinity symbol (which represents constant & continuing service) and the letter “S”. We find that logos with multiple meanings make for strong, memorable marks (which is what a quality logo should be).
…and here is our proposed identity design:
Categories:Logos & BrandingOctober 25, 2021
Gillian Hayes Receives Impact Award for Connecting Disability Studies to Assistive Technology
On Oct. 22, 2021, Gillian Hayes, Kleist Professor of Informatics and vice provost for graduate education at UCI, was one of three researchers recognized by the Special Interest Group on Accessible Computing (SIGACCESS). At the 23rd International ACM SIGACCESS Conference on Computers and Accessibility (ASSETS), the 2021 Paper Impact Award was presented to Jennifer Mankoff, Gillian Hayes and Devva Kasnitz for their 2010 paper, “Disability Studies as a Source of Critical Inquiry for the Field of Assistive Technology.”
The award, presented every other year, recognizes an ASSETS paper that has had a significant impact on computing and information technology while addressing the needs of people with disabilities. It comes with a $500 cash prize, which the authors have decided to donate to the Society for Disability Studies to provide membership and conference registration for students.
As noted by Chieko Asakawa, chair of the SIGACCESS Award Committee, the authors were recognized for their “groundbreaking and influential work on bridging the gap between the assistive technology research field and the field of critical disability studies.”
Hayes explains the motivation for their work. “Our goal was to try to shift the conversation away from a deficit model that saw computers as saviors, to a model in which technologies can work hand in hand with people who experience a variety of abilities and disabilities,” she says. “I like to think the impact was a broader conversation in the field generally. For me, personally, I expanded my own reading and thinking in really generative ways while working with my co-authors on this effort, and it has been foundational to my own thinking about the role of technology in society and in relation to disability more generally.”
The work greatly influenced Stacy Branham, a postdoctoral scholar at UMBC at the time. “Without the ability to build on that work, I don’t know that my very first paper in the field of assistive technology would have been published,” says Branham, now a colleague of Hayes as an assistant professor of informatics in the Donald Bren School of Information and Computer Sciences (ICS). “The article has been foundational in introducing the scholarship of the disability studies field to the accessible computing field. In doing so, it has fostered technology development that better embodies the needs and perspectives of people with disabilities, and it has helped grow an academic community that is itself inclusive of and driven by disabled scholars,” she says. “In the time since its publication, it has enabled whole careers to be built around the social aspects of disability and technology, including my own.”
ICS alumna LouAnne Boyd ’18, mentored by Hayes while earning her Ph.D. in informatics, agrees. “The article does such a great job of briefly articulating the complexity and nuances at the intersection of disability studies and assistive technology. The reality of this complexity and the need for nuance is still very palpable today,” says Boyd, now an assistant professor in the Fowler School of Engineering at Chapman University. “The paper calls for building connections —an effort I fully endorse. I hope 10 years from now those bridges are not only beautifully built but heavily trotted upon.”
— Shani Murray
Gillian Hayes Receives Impact Award for Connecting Disability Studies to Assistive Technology< Previous
2020 ACM Thacker Breakthrough in Computing Award Awarded to Professor Michael FranzItem Information
Item Description
Almost.
Seller's Other Items
- Star Wars Ewok Adventures DVD For Sale 1984 1985$9.99
- Folks DVD 1992 Tom Selleck Don Ameche$9.99
- Scarlett DVD 1994 Timothy Dalton Joanne Whalley Kilmer$14.99
- Roller Boogie DVD 1979 Linda Blair Beverly Garland$9.99
- Babes In Toyland DVD For Sale 1986 Drew Barrymore Keanu$9.99
- Susie Q DVD 1996 Amy Jo Johnson$9.99
- Drop Dead Fred DVD 1991 Phoebe Cates Rik Mayall$9.99
- How The West Was Won Complete Series on 13 DVD's$34.99
- The Boyfriend School DVD 1990 Steve Guttenberg$9.99
- A Smoky Mountain Christmas DVD 1986 Dolly Parton TV$9.99
- Looking For Mr Goodbar 1977 DVD$9.99
- Peter Pan DVD 1960 For Sale Mary Martin TV Musical$9.99
- Straight From The Heart 2003 DVD$9.99
- Haunted Honeymoon DVD 1986 Gene Wilder Gilda Radner$9.99
- Rogers Hammerstein Cinderella DVD 1965 Lesley Warren$9.99
Popular Items
christmas list mimi rogers stella stevens dvd $8.00 Free Shipping
that's so raven 9 dvd set tv series complete 4 seasons $19.98 Free Shipping
muppet babies 23 dvd set complete series muppets bonus $39.91 Free Shipping
wishbone dvd complete series + bonus $55.00 Free Shipping
the frog prince dvd 1986 helen hunt $14.00 Free Shipping
the night they saved christmas dvd art carney $8.50 Free ShippingThe..
The Environmental Impacts
Apparel production is also resource- and emissions-intensive.
Consider that:
The Societal Impacts
Clothing production has helped spur growth in developing economies, but a closer look reveals a number of social challenges. For instance: re-imagined.
Article Credit: World Economic Forum9 Sharpens Forecast with New Features
User polls combined with machine learning capabilities give sales reps a better view into the future of their deals.
Don’t Blame Apathetic Agents for Poor Customer Service
Agents who have mentally checked out of their jobs means dissatisfying customer experiences. But why are they detached? Hint: Look up the corporate ladder. (Featured on SmartCustomerService.com.)
FirstRain Releases Personal Business Analytics for Sales 2.0 on Salesforce’s AppExchange
Added capabilities will update salespeople about their most relevant prospects within the CRM systems.
The 6 Secrets of Successful Change Management
Are your salespeople resisting technology upgrade plans? ?Try these tips to bolster user adoption.
5 Reasons Motivating with Money Doesn't Work
Uncover what employees really need to succeed.
How to Empower Your Agents to Provide Exceptional Customer Service
In the contact center environment, it's crucial that agents are given the tools to provide exceptional customer service. Here are some suggestions on how to carry that out. (Featured on SmartCustomerService.com.)
Adapt or Perish When Digital Disruption Strikes
It's nice to have options—that's how disruption starts.
Emma Unveils Major Product Enhancements
Emma has highlighted new products, new integrations, and new partnerships with Eventbrite and AVARI.
Jacada Receives Visual IVR Patent
Jacada issued a patent for its Visual IVR technology covering its contextual method of intelligent transition from self-service to agent assisted service.
Enghouse Interactive Introduces Control Center Client for Utilities
The solution helps utility companies manage their call center environments from one application.
Melissa Data Launches Listware Online
Listware Online brings cloud-based contact data quality to business users.
ComScore Launches Panel-Informed Attribution to Improve Advertisers' Targeting
ComScore's attribution solution provides a more complete picture of customers and powers more sophisticated segmentation Capabilities
CallTrackingMetrics Releases Spam Detective
Spam Detective keeps spam phone calls out of the call center.Civil Rights
Block on Trump's Asylum Ban Upheld by Supreme Court
The ripples of the financial crisis that spun out of control in the fall of 2008 are now being felt as shareholder suits progress through the judicial system. Maurice "Hank" Greenberg is not only AIG's former CEO, his company, Starr International Co., had a 12% stake in AIG, making it AIG's largest shareholder. Last week, the Second Circuit dealt a blow to one of his two cases in federal court, reports Reuters.
2008 Financial Crisis
In September 2008, AIG alerted the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ("FRBNY") that it may have to file for bankruptcy. To avoid further financial catastrophe, the FRBNY entered a credit agreement with AIG to prevent bankruptcy, effectively giving the federal government an 80% interest in AIG's common stock. Successive financial vehicles and agreements were utilized as rescue deals to prevent AIG from failing.
On November 21, 2011, Starr initiated an action in District Court for the Southern District of New York claiming that FRBNY breached its fiduciary duties to AIG's shareholders, in violation of Delaware law. FRBNY moved to dismiss, and the district court granted the motion; Starr appealed.
State Fiduciary Law vs. Federal Common Law
On appeal, the Second Circuit had to determine whether Delaware state fiduciary law applied, or whether Federal Common law preempted such application, that is, the court had to determine whether FRBNY's private duty to act in the best interest of the shareholders was trumped by FRBNY's duty to "act in the public interest as a fiscal agent of the United States." The court held that federal law preempted state law in this scenario "[b]ecause of the uniquely federal interests at stake," the FRBNY had "to take action in 'unusual and exigent circumstances' when its failure to act 'would adversely affect the economy.'"
Constitutional Claims
Though this case has been dismissed, Starr has a pending action in the Federal Circuit where he has alleged that the AIG bailout was essentially an illegal taking without just compensation. That case is still pending in the courts and is scheduled for trial on September 29, 2014, according to The Wall Street Journal (subscription only). The former Federal Reserve Chairman is expected to be deposed by the end of the month, reports The Wall Street Journal, in accord with a recent Federal Circuit opinion that held that Bernanke could be deposed once he left his post as Reserve Chairman.
Related Resources:
Meeting with a lawyer can help you understand your options and how to best protect your rights. Visit our attorney directory to find a lawyer near you who can help.Classic trousers in Fitted fit made of quality fabric. The exclusive mix of wool, polyester and Lycra® ensures the trousers maintain their smooth, freshly pressed look – whether you have travelled 10 or 10,000 miles. While excellent for travelling, the trousers are also comfortable and ideal for work as well as festive occasions. The trousers have a flat front and ½ lining for greater comfort. There are slanted pockets at the front and jetted pockets at the back.
93-2722Q: Hi Dave,
Maybe you can help me out on this one. A few weeks ago I read in different books that Capsicum pubescens is incapable of self-pollinating, and that it can’t cross-pollinate with other Capsicum species. This year I had one Rocoto Canario plant (C. pubescens) in my greenhouse together with several C. annuum varieties. I’m quite sure it’s a baccatum, as it had hairy foliage, purple flowers and the fruits developed black seeds. But what I can’t understand is that it did set fruits and developed seeds. Do you know, if C. pubescens can self-pollinate and if it can cross-pollinate with other Capsicums?
Regards and thanks,
Brian
A: Hello Brian:
I think you’re a little confused here as baccatum has nothing to do with this discussion—you probably meant to type "pubescens" there. C. pubescens has this little self-incompatibility issue going—its inability to self-pollinate. So the pollen must be carried to it from another plant—by an insect or human action, is the best bet, as chiles are not normally wind-pollinated. I have several pubescens plants about 9 years old and place them together in the summer and fall to encourage insect pollination. It worked very well this year. Regarding cross-pollination, I’m not certain but I think not. I’m copying this letter to Dr. Paul Bosland for fact checking on this, as I know that we wrote about all this, but I can’t find it.
–DaveA bluffer’s guide to back problems
Common back pain — the kind doctors refer to as non specific low back pain — is predominantly a middle aged curse, striking between the ages of 35 and 45, and sometimes (more frequently in women) between 55 and 60. As we age, it tends to diminish, though it can unfairly persist into those supposedly golden years. Unfortunately, there are a number of other back woes that may surface as we age, including spinal stenosis, DISH (see below) and osteoporosis. Here’s a rundown:
Bulging disc: As we age, the gel like nucleus of a disc may dry out. Without its shock absorbing elasticity, the disc flattens, causing the annulus, the tough outer casing of the disc, to bulge which it’s designed to do as part of weight bearing. However, if it distends too far, the disc may brush against a nerve root or ligament, causing pain.
Herniated disc: If the annulus weakens before the disc’s nucleus dries out, the pressure from the nucleus may cause the annulus to fray, or even blow, like an overinflated tire, so that some of the nucleus’s gel seeps out. The process is actually fairly rare, affecting no more than one or two out of 100 people with back pain.
Sequestered disc:&t;B> In some cases, a bit of the nucleus oozes out of a herniated disc, breaks away and drifts up against a nerve root again, causing pain.
Degenerated disc: All discs degenerate to some extent; x ray studies have shown that 85 to 95 per cent of 50 year olds with absolutely no back pain nevertheless show evidence of disc degeneration; a disc is usually labelled degenerate because it’s considered old for the age of the individual. As a disc degenerates, it loses thickness, which may stimulate the growth of osteophytes bony growths that can be harmless or painful, depending on whether they rub against nerves and other soft tissue.
Facet joint pain: Facet joints are neatly aligned in a normally healthy back, but if there’s a change, such as a degenerative disc causing a joint space to narrow, the facet joints can be thrown out of alignment. Thereafter, during any normal motion, the two sides of the joint rub against one another improperly, leading to a slow erosion of cartilage and, eventually, pain.
Spinal stenosis: There are two basic forms of spinal stenosis (stenosis means "narrowing"): central and lateral. In central spinal stenosis, the spinal canal is either congenitally narrow or constricted by bony encroachments with age. With lateral spinal stenosis, the intervertebral foramen at the back of the vertebrae narrows, usually as a result of osteophyte encroachment, again, due to age. As Judylaine Fine points out in The Ultimate Back Book, it can also be caused by "an injury, severe settling of the facet joints due to a disc that has lost an abnormally large amount of height, spondylolisthesis (see below)… or an abnormal variation in the shape of a vertebra." Spinal stenosis may be painless unless a nerve root in the foramen is being pinched in which case the pain can be severe.
Spondylolisthesis is a condition in which one vertebra slips over another. As Dr. Hall explains in The New Back Doctor, it can happen "for any one of five reasons: a defect within the interlocking joint system at the back of the spine… [spondylolysis; see below], a congenital abnormality in the design of a facet joint; an advanced case of wear in a set of facet joints; a major trauma; or a bone ailment, such as Paget’s disease, which changes the shape of the bone." In severe cases, surgery may be required to arrest the pain; otherwise, it’s usually treated much as other common forms of backache.
Spondylolysis is a defect in the posterior, or back, of a vertebra, which is thought to result from an early childhood fracture that fails to properly heal. The result, Hall writes, "is an abnormal separation between the upper and lower sets of vertebral joints. Intermittent back pain is the typical symptom."
Other back disorders
The back can also fall victim to other complex and often serious conditions, including primary or secondary cancer, which can take root in the vertebrae, bone marrow or soft tissue just as it does elsewhere in the body. Treatment is also similar to elsewhere in the body, including surgery (where possible), radiation and/or chemotherapy.
Many forms of arthritis and arthritis related disorders can affect the spine. Osteomyelitis, for instance, is a bacterial infection affecting bone; it’s treated with antibiotic drugs.
Rheumatoid arthritis (RA), an immune system disorder and arguably the most serious form of the disease sometimes attacks the bones and joints of the spine; it’s treated with anti inflammatory and disease modifying drugs, as well as analgesics, exercise and lifestyle changes. Ankylosing spondylitis, one of the rare forms of arthritis to predominantly affect men, can cause pain and disability and lead to components of the spine literally fusing together. It’s treated with many of the same interventions as RA.
Scoliosis is a lateral "S" curvature of the spine that chiefly affects adolescents, mainly girls; if the curve isn’t severe and doesn’t appear to be progressing, it’s often simply ignored, since it may not cause the child any discomfort or further problems.
More severe cases are treated with braces, exercise and, occasionally, surgery.
Spondylitis simply refers to a condition of inflammation (itis) in the spine (spondylo) as the result of an inflammatory form of arthritis, such as RA or lupus, or an infection, as in osteomyelitis or, more rarely, as a reaction to a chemical irritant.
Osteoarthritis (OA): Most of us will develop at least a touch of OA as we age. In fact, the vast majority of people over 50 will have asymptomatic OA of the spine, otherwise known as lumbar spondylosis, involving the facet joints and the intervertebral joints; the bony osteophytes that play a role in spinal sclerosis result from OA, as well. In other words, most of us will show degenerative change to the bone and joints of our spines on x rays, whether or not we feel any pain or discomfort from those changes; those who are affected may experience pain, stiffness and decreased flexibility in the back and neck. Treatment aims to reduce pain, increase flexibility and maximize joint function through a combination of analgesic and sometimes anti inflammatory drugs, non medicinal pain relief strategies, exercise and, where appropriate, weight loss.
DISH is an acronym for Diffuse (widespread) Idiopathic (cause unknown) Skeletal Hyperostosis (increased bone growth). DISH was only identified as a distinct disorder by Vancouver rheumatologist Dr. John Esdaile in 1975, but it’s now thought to be the second most common form of arthritis after osteoarthritis (OA); it may affect as much as 10 per cent of the elderly population, and it’s capable of causing significant disability. Its chief characteristics are bony outgrowths on the spine and often severe pain. DISH patients may have arm, neck and heel pain, tennis elbow, knee cap problems, difficulty swallowing, nerve abnormalities and reduced joint flexibility. It can affect people in their 30s, thought it’s most common in people over 70, especially elderly, overweight people with diabetes.
DISH is another form of arthritis to affect more men than women. The pain it causes is different from mechanical low back pain: It tends to be on the right side and may fluctuate between extreme pain and no pain at all. Diagnosis is made with the aid of a thoracic spine or chest x ray; treatment generally consists of anti inflammatory drugs and a specific exercise routine.
Osteoporosis (OP) is a progressive disease of the skeleton that results in loss of bone mass, leaving them weak and prone to fractures. In fact, some doctors argue that osteoporosis is merely a risk factor; the real disease is fracture the most frequent kind being compression fractures of the spine.
The disease is caused by an imbalance in the body’s bone rebuilding cycle, which affects everyone eventually, though women sooner and in far greater numbers than men: One in four women over 50 has osteoporosis, whereas in men, bone loss only begins to become statistically significant after age 65. Treatment includes diet, exercise and medication, as well as estrogen replacement therapy for women.The Street, Eversley Hook, Hook, United Kingdom
£60
Cheapest rate
per night
This destination can have additional per person taxes which are excluded in the prices belowThis destination can have additional per person taxes which are excluded in the prices below
Warbrook House is ideally situated in a peaceful village setting, just a short car ride from Reading and Basingstoke. The numerous facilities this stylish property offers include room service, laundry...
In Hook, the average nightly rate for 4 stars hotels is 172.49. The expected nightly rate for Warbrook House Hotel & Grange is around £86; a price that is 34% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Warbrook House Hotel & Grange to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 4 stars hotel in Hook.
With no traffic, the 33.5 mi drive between Warbrook House Hotel & Grange and London Gatwick (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 1h 6.
Guests are allowed to bring house pets to Warbrook House Hotel & Grange during their stay.
For assistance regarding your reservation at Warbrook House Hotel & Grange please call +44 118 973 2174.
Yes, Warbrook House Hotel & Grange has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests.
Yes. You should consider staying at Warbrook House Hotel & Grange if having access to a fitness centre on-site is important.
Warbrook House Hotel & Grange has a normal check-in time of after 15:00, and check-out time of before 11:00.
Usually Warbrook House Hotel & Grange room prices are around £86/night, with the cheapest deals starting from £43/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay.
There is an on-site restaurant - contact Warbrook House Hotel & Grange for opening and last order times. For drinks at the accommodation, there is a bar available.
Warbrook House Hotel & Grange does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details. Guests can also use ironing facilities..Modine has announced the appointment of Jonas Caino as both general manager and managing director of the newly established Airedale by Modine global data center cooling business unit.
This announcement comes as Airedale’s popular and long-serving managing director, Tony Cole retired after an impressive 31 years with the company. Originally appointed by Tony, Jonas joined Airedale in 2019 to lead the newly established data center solutions team. Since then, he has moved into a senior commercial role, before taking over as general manager.
Role and responsibility
Reporting to Eric McGinnis, Vice President, Building HVAC, Jonas will be located at Airedale’s UK headquarters – the impressive, 23,000 sq meter manufacturing, research, and development facility in Leeds.
Jonas held various commercial roles spanning a 25-year career
With additional responsibility for production sites in Consett (UK), Guadalajara (Spain), Buena Vista (US), and Grenada (US), this move will see the brand become truly global, as production is expanded across several continents for optimum output, to meet the demand for the booming worldwide data center industry.
Experience
With over 20 years in the IT and data center industry, Jonas has an extensive background in data center technology and regularly speaks on the future of data center design and trends.
Prior to joining Modine, Jonas held various commercial roles spanning a 25-year career, with the latter 10 years in senior management positions. Jonas joined Airedale from Etix Everywhere (Vantage Data Centres) where he held the positions of global vice president of sales and UK country director. He also worked for Schneider Electric and Geist Global (Vertiv), amongst others.
Strategy and growth
Jonas said, “This is an exciting time to be leading Airedale and I am delighted to be appointed general manager. With exponential growth in the data center industry and the strategic realignment of our production resources across the globe, we can focus our talents, minimize waste and maximize efficiencies to allow us to deliver more of the high-quality, high-efficiency cooling solutions that are currently in demand, worldwide.”
The newly appointed general manager added, “Becoming a truly global brand is an important part of our strategy. We have a wealth of possibilities ahead of us and we are embracing the opportunities we are creating.”
Right leader to support the growth
Jonas will lead the global expansion of data center products to the US and Western Europe Eric McGinnis, Vice President of Modine’s Building HVAC division said, “Jonas brings deep experience and expertise to this role and is the right leader to support our growth strategy for our data center business. In addition to having responsibility for our UK business, Jonas will also lead our global expansion of data center products to the US and Western Europe."
"We are currently expanding our manufacturing capacity for chillers in the UK and will fully utilize our plant in Guadalajara, Spain for computer room cooling products, such as computer room air handlers and fan walls. We are also producing some of these products in the US, with plans to have full production capability in the next 12 to 18 months.”
Eric concluded, “We have superior products for the data center market and a global manufacturing footprint to support our growth targets.”Selling a second home or investment property?
You only have 30 days to report and pay any tax Thinking of selling a second home or investment property? You have to move fast to report the gain and pay the tax Unlike ruGetting Started with the Sense HAT
Gather and display environmental data using the Sense HAT
Written By: Cherie Tan
Difficulty
Very Easy
Steps
11
Introduction
Previously, you might have tried your hands with programming the Sense HAT emulator.
In this guide, you will get started with using an actual Sense HAT with the Raspberry Pi 3 Model B+.
After completing this guide, you will have gathered real-world data using the Sense HAT.
Note: The existing code will work fine on the Raspberry Pi 4 Model B+ as well. However, it will be run on Thonny IDE instead.
Note: The existing code will work fine on the Raspberry Pi 4 Model B+ as well. However, it will be run on Thonny IDE instead.
Step 1 Attach Sense HAT to Raspberry Pi
- Attach the Sense HAT to the Raspberry Pi by aligning and inserting the 40-pin header as shown.
- Insert the NOOBS microSD card into the Raspberry Pi, and then power it up with the official power supply.
Step 2 Install Sense HAT Software
- First, to make sure the package lists are up to date: sudo apt-get update
- Install the Sense HAT software with the following commands: sudo apt-get install sense-hat
- Reboot the Raspberry Pi: sudo reboot
Step 3 Open IDLE using sudo
sudo idle3 &
- We will control the Sense HAT by first programming it in Python on the Raspberry Pi.
To do so, we need administrative privileges to execute scripts. So open up a terminal window and run IDLE with the following command:
- If you're using a Raspberry Pi 4 Model B+, jump to Step 5.
Step 4 Create a sense.py file
- Click on the Raspberry Pi icon on the top left hand corner to access the main menu.
- Click on Programming > Python 3 (IDLE).
- Now, create a new file by clicking File > New File.
- Next, save the file by clicking File > Save, and naming it sense.py
Step 5 Start Thonny IDE
- If you are using the latest Raspberry Pi 4 Model B+ then IDLE will have been replaced with Thonny IDE. So go ahead and click on the Raspberry Pi logo on the top left-hand corner.
- Navigate to Programming > Thonny Python IDE
Step 6 The Python Code
from sense_hat import SenseHat sense = SenseHat()
- This code will work fine for both the Raspberry Pi 3B+ and Raspberry Pi 4B+.
- First, we will import the relevant Python modules with:
from sense_hat import SenseHat
- Then place it in a variable, called "sense".
Step 7 Environmental sensors
from sense_hat import SenseHat sense = SenseHat() temp = sense.get_temperature() pres = sense.get_pressure() hum = sense.get_humidity()
- Using the Sense HAT's sensors, let's measure the temperature in degree celsius using:
temp = sense.get_temperature()
- Pressure in millibars using:
pres = sense.get_pressure()
- Humidity as a percentage by using:
hum = sense.get_humidity()
Step 8 Print the measurements
from sense_hat import SenseHat sense = SenseHat() temp = sense.get_temperature() pres = sense.get_pressure() hum = sense.get_humidity() print(temp) print(pres) print(hum)
- Add the following lines to your code to print out the temperature, pressure and humidity readings from the Sense HAT.
Step 9 Round the reading off
from sense_hat import SenseHat sense = SenseHat() temp = sense.get_temperature() temp = round(temp, 1) pres = sense.get_pressure() hum = sense.get_humidity() print(temp) print(pres) print(hum)
- To round the reading off to one decimal place (in this example, we'll do it for the temperature measurement), just before the print(temp) line add this line below:
temp = round(temp, 1)
Step 10 Run the module
- Now click on Run > Run Module or press F5 on your keyboard to run the program.
You should see three measurements being printed.
- If you are using a Raspberry Pi 4B+ and Thonny IDE, simply click on the Run button and the readings will be output to the Shell.
Step 11 Sense HAT temperature correction
- Are the Sense HAT's temperature readings a little too high? They probably are and this is due to the heat generated from the Raspberry Pi's CPU which heats up the air around the Sense HAT! This will probably be the case if you have the Sense HAT sitting directly on top of the Raspberry Pi. A workaround is to use a 40-pin extension cable to get the Sense HAT away from the Pi.
- To attach the ribbon cable to the Raspberry Pi, you will also require a 40-pin male header. Please follow instructions here. In summary, you can actually remove the female header on the back of the Sense HAT, and attach a 40-pin coupler adapter (male pins). That way, the ribbon cable can be used to connect with it and the Pi.2. Forget to disconnect the remote desktop session when leaving home to go to the office.
3. Arrive at the office, and notice that your desktop seems a little laggy/sluggish. Normal windows just don't seem quite as smooth as they should be, and VirtualBox VMs have become laggy enough to be *really* annoying.
4. Spend the next 10 minutes trying to figure out what's broken. Plenty of free RAM... CPU load below 20%... disk not thrashing... WTF?!??
5. Just as you're about to give up and try a reboot, finally notice the little Remote Desktop icon on the taskbar.
D'oh!
I suspect that VMs were much more severely affected because the VM's entire display is probably treated as a raw bitmap that has to be updated across the RD connection, whereas updating of native (non-VM) windows is probably easier to optimize (e.g. forward the higher-level X-Windows primitives or something).If we have to stay at home, give us the opportunity to enjoy it! HBO has done just that!
Since a lot of people are confined to their homes due to the coronavirus pandemic, HBO is offering dozens of free series, documentaries, and Warner Bros. movies on HBO NOW & HBO GO. The streaming service is allowing viewers to view content at no price!
HBO has made almost 500 hours of programming available to stream for free for a limited time on the two services without a subscription starting Friday, April 3. The list of free programming includes every episode of nine iconic series such as The Sopranos, Veep, Six Feet Under, and The Wire; major Warner Bros. blockbusters from the network’s current catalog like Pokémon Detective Pikachu, The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, and Crazy, Stupid, Love; and 10 riveting documentaries and docu-series including McMillion$ and The Case Against Adnan Syed.
If you don’t currently have access to HBO, you can download the HBO NOW or HBO GO apps or visit HBONOW.com or HBOGO.com. The content will also be made available for free via participating distribution partners’ platforms in the coming days. This is the first time HBO has made this volume of programming available outside of the paywall.Imagine that Jewish children from around the world can discover what it is like to grow up as a Jewish kid in another country. This idea has become a reality for thousands of teachers and tens of thousands of students who get together in virtual Mifgash (meetings) in all five continents.
The Global School Twinning Network is a program of the Jewish Agency Partnership2gether unit, together with the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of Diaspora Affairs. The program connects Jewish schools across the globe, including both day schools and supplementary schools, with schools in Israel to create meaningful and long-lasting connections that enable teachers and students alike to explore and expand their circles of Jewish identity, to build community contacts and ties, and to deepen their understanding and connections to one another.
Learning and familiarity create the basis for our understanding and structure our perceptions and attitudes to those around us. The joint activity of the School Twinning Network turns Jewish school communities around the world and in Israel into tangible and vibrant places for one another, expanding knowledge and instilling positive, empathic attitudes. Dialogues about Jewish identity and the connection with Israel become possible, creating meaningful long-term sustainable relationships between the twinned communities in Israel and abroad.
The staff of the School Twinning Network accompanies the developing relationship between schools. We start by forging the initial contact, find the most suitable “match” according to the vision and objectives of the twinned schools, and continue to provide close guidance of the educational staff through our pedagogic coordinators throughout the year. The coordinator guides the staff in the inter-cultural connection, in building an educational program that is based on a reserve of activity resources and contents that are continually updated and revised and incorporated into the school program, and also in becoming familiar with technological pedagogical tools that promote joint learning.
Your school’s uniqueness and your students’ stories are at the heart of the School Twinning Network. Every activity is planned and tailored to your twinning. The students learn, investigate and share their experiences and points of view through live interactions, video clips, photos, texts, audio clips and using a variety of platforms.
Our programs develop social and emotional learning, promote greater understanding of similarities and differences, and help our students practice interpersonal skills such as respectful listening and communication, inter-cultural dialogue, worldviews, cooperation, use of languages, application of digital pedagogical tools and 21st century skills, and critical thinking.
Visit our activity website and read about our professional standards to learn more.
For more details please write to: schooltwinning@jafi.org
The current period and the different ways in which schools are functioning now are having an impact on our communities around the world. We understand that teachers, students and families need help to stay connected and cope with social isolation. We are happy to continue to support our educational staff and students with their educational and social needs in the current reality.New kinds of strategic litigation are empowering forgotten minorities to bring cases for redress before the courts.
In August 2014, Islamic state (IS) fighters swept through Iraq’s Kurdistan region. As they took the district of Sinjar, more than 100,000 people fled north to seek refuge on Mount Sinjar – an exodus that made headlines around the world. IS fighters rounded up those left behind. Women and girls of the Yazidi ethnic minority were taken for the purpose of institutionalised rape. Unmarried women and girls over eight years old were selected first.
International law firm Hogan Lovells, through The Lotus Flower charity, had been donating money for the purchase of sewing machines for young girls and women affected by the conflict. Yasmin Waljee, Hogan Lovells’ London-based International Pro Bono Director, wanted to dosomething more.
“There is no redress at the moment for Yazidi victims, so Hogan Lovells began to think about how we could create a solution,” she says.
“It was our view that we should use domestic legal systems for reparations to ensure the international promises that governments have made are implemented.”
One solution Waljee refers to is a compensation claim brought before the NSW Civil and Administrative Tribunal (NCAT) in March. Through the NSW Victim’s Compensation Scheme, a small group of Yazidi survivors wants the assets of notorious Australian IS fighter Khaled Sharrouf sold to allow for compensation. Sharrouf was killed in Iraq in 2017, and the Yazidi women represented by Hogan Lovells say he held them captive in Raqqa, Syria.
From the Yazidi women, numerous stories of atrocities emerge. Some of the crimes the women allege were perpetrated against them include war crimes, crimes against humanity, and possibly even genocide.
Applying universal jurisdiction
This is the first time a compensation claim has been brought against a state for the overseas crimes of one of its nationals. Lawyers for the Yazidi survivors argue that a universal jurisdiction crime is capable of falling under the definition of “an act of violence” under the Victim’s Rights and Support Act 2013 (NSW).
“We will argue that Australia can prosecute a national for their acts anywhere that they occur in the world, because these are such serious atrocities and Australia has chosen to take jurisdiction of those crimes,” Waljee says.
“[An international jurisdiction crime] would suggest that, in specific circumstances, it’s as though those circumstances have taken place in Australia itself. It is a very unique group of people who would benefit from this.”
The plight of the Yazidi community has received widespread international condemnation since 2014, but Waljee says action has focused mainly on the military defeat of IS. She believes justice for victims has been all but forgotten, and more must be done to bring to account those who enslaved and raped Yazidis.
“There has been resounding advocacy on the part of Australia, the United Kingdom and many western countries about the need for accountability for the victims of IS and the need to recognise their situation,” Waljee says.
“Ordinarily, that would be through the criminal justice process by holding people to account, investigating crimes that have been perpetrated, and universal jurisdiction crimes.”
In 2015, the number of foreign fighters in Syria had grown to 27,000 citizens from 86 different nations. Germany, Sweden and Finland have laid criminal charges against so-called “home-grown” foreign fighters where individuals have returned voluntarily or have been identified within refugee populations. But there have been very few prosecutions across the world and they are mostly around terrorism, not war crimes.
Thinking beyond crime for redress
Waljee is urging Australia to show leadership by giving force to public statements about ensuring accountability for IS foreign fighters who have harmed Yazidi women. Last year, the Australian House of Representatives acknowledged that the actions of IS had amounted to genocide of the Yazidis.
“We have many states across the world talking about their commitment to seeing accountability, to seeing reparations. In these circumstances, it seems to me that our compensation systems have to implement international human rights law and give effect to those rights,” Waljee says.
By seeking redress for the Yazidi women through a civil claim for compensation, the group overcomes any difficulties that Sharrouf is deceased. The witness statements given by the Yazidi women have also been taken to a criminal standard of proof.
“When you have an [alleged] perpetrator who has been deliberately targeted and killed, the prospect of a criminal prosecution is limited. So how do we get accountability for the victims?” Waljee asks.
“For reparations [a principle recognised in international law], the compensation system is separate to criminal justice. You don’t actually need a successful prosecution, just for the victims to be willing to cooperate with police, which we have done.”
A team of 15 lawyers at Hogan Lovells is working on the compensation case and an even larger team is researching the law on international reparations. They are also building extensive background material on the IS regime, its slave trade, and its organised system of “rape, capture and sale”.
Waljee believes this case is part of an emerging trend to reinforce the rights of victims and ensure they are not forgotten.
“There is growing jurisprudence at an international law level on the rights of victims: what they are entitled to in terms of an effective investigation, reparations, and support,” she says.
“Whenever we have a huge atrocity there is a focus on the perpetrator, inevitably. At the same time, we need to respect the rights of victims. There is a role for lawyers to ensure the rights of victims are seen as equally important.”
Making room for legal activism
Not every group in society has a law firm offering pro bono services. While strategic litigation is becoming a powerful tool in Australia and other countries, it is sometimes referred to as “legal activism”. Barrister Peter Cashman says commentators often use the term to imply undesirable political activity.
“In reality, much if not most of so-called strategic litigation is about access to justice and the clarification and enforcement of legal rights. This is often for the benefit of disadvantaged individuals and groups,” Cashman says.
“Insofar as this may be to the detriment of sections of the business community or governments, it is not surprising that those who have abused their power and contravened the law may feel threatened by those seeking redress.”
Cashman is a board member of The Grata Fund, which offers financial support to strategic litigation with the objective of “re-opening” the courts and democracy to protect the community’s rights and freedoms. By providing adverse cost protection and disbursements funding, it allows important actions to be pursued without the concern of a financial return or political risk. The goal is to make the courts a tool for justice and change for everyday people.
Grata Fund founder and executive director Isabelle Reinecke says that while strategic litigation may lead to systemic change that affects large groups of people, it is always about applying the law and enabling access to the third arm of democracy. A former director of GetUp’s legal and governance team, Reinecke says activism and lawyering can be complementary.
“Strategic litigation simply seeks to clarify existing law and the basic legal entitlements owed to individuals and communities,” Reinecke says.
“Activism pushes for social change by targeting decision-makers through campaign strategies like non-violent direct protest, petitioning and mass mobilisation. In the courts, those sorts of approaches aren’t relevant or appropriate. You’re not winning the hearts and minds of judges – you’re winning with detailed facts, precise reasoning, and the applicable legal principle.”
Some of the causes Grata Fund has helped bring before the courts have included matters relating to freedom of information, police brutality, and anti-dissent laws. It also connects members of the public to legal experts.
Lou Dargan, Grata Fund’s head of strategic litigation, is of the view there is nothing wrong with “legal activism” if all that means is using the courts to act as a check on power and government or corporate overreach.
“Laws exist because our parliaments have enacted them. In doing so, they have agreed to ensure the minimum levels of protection that the laws provide,” Dargan says.
“Similarly, parliaments have agreed to impose certain standards of behaviour or regulatory requirements on corporations. Other rights and protections have been developed through the common law. Strategic litigation seeks to hold governments or other actors accountable to those laws.”
Redress in the outback
In 2016, a group of Indigenous people living in the outback community of Santa Teresa brought an action against the Northern Territory government. The Eastern Arrernte people, residing in 70 remote public houses 80 kilometres southeast of Alice Springs, had had enough. With the assistance of Australia Lawyers for Remote Aboriginal Rights (ALRA) they went to court to fight for their rights.
The claimants told the NT Civil and Administrative Tribunal (NTCAT) of at least 600 requests for repairs, which had gone ignored for five years. One tenant complained of being unable to use her shower or toilet for weeks at a time. When she reported the issue to the Department of Housing, nothing was done for almost a year.
Another tenant had no way to secure their premises, and a missing air conditioning unit meant they were unable to occupy their home for several months, with temperatures hitting over 40 degrees in summer. Others had unreliable electricity, no working stove or indoor cooking facilities, and no smoke alarms.
As soon as the residents filed their claim, the government sent contractors and tradesmen to their properties. The group’s lawyer, Daniel Kelly, says this was an empowering response for his clients, who saw the impact of standing up for their legal rights. But the Department of Housing responded with a counter-claim to pursue unpaid rent.
“The conditions Aboriginal people have had to live under in remote communities are outrageous,” says Kelly, the lead lawyer for ALRA.
“For the first time they have been able to hold the government to account … and the disgraceful state of their housing. However, it is important not to overstate the impact of the case because people are still living in overcrowded housing in a broken system.”
Remote possibilities
NTCAT handed down a decision in February. It has been hailed as landmark because it is the first time the Residential Tenancies Act has been applied to remote Aboriginal tenants. ALRA was able to show that the NT Department of Housing allowed rental debts to accumulate for years without telling anyone – indeed, the first time the tenants were notified was at the time of the counter-claim.
Kelly argues that the Tribunal’s findings justify a major policy re-think about public housing in remote regions.
“There has simply been decades of under-investment, as government funding never seems to reach the ground. The case shows that the same law and housing standards that apply in Sydney apply in Santa Teresa,” says Kelly.
“It is also significant because it has thrown the tenancy system throughout the NT into question. It is now clear that most, if not all, of the tenancy agreements … with remote tenants are void or invalid.”
Kelly does not consider himself a legal activist and says the Santa Teresa housing tenants are just trying to access the most basic consumer rights. But he does credit the Grata Fund with providing commitment, energy and funding to meet the costs of litigation.
“All of our services are provided pro bono, but working with remote people does incur costs, particularly around travel.”
And that is exactly what the Grata Fund wants.
“Courts function as a crucial part of Australian democracy, but often the financial barriers are too high for people to have matters in the public interest. Grata is a people-powered model where regular people chip in to help the mum-and-dad shareholders, the remote Indigenous communities, or groups like Doctors for Refugees challenge powerful corporate or government and access a crucial part of our democracy – the justice system,” Dragan says.
“There’s huge possibility to use novel strategies to take on public interest cases in Australia and get this pillar of our democracy up to speed with those around the world.”New Business Development Director appointed at Barbados Ad Agency
Antonio Rodriguez, a highly regarded and very experienced advertising professional has joined leading advertising agency, SOJE LONSDALE Communications as Business Development Director.
In acknowledgement of his appointment, Mr. Rodriguez said “he was psyched at the opportunity” and was eagerly looking forward to applying his knowhow and skills, especially his experience in new media and data management, to the benefit of Caribbean and Bajan organizations.
Mr. Rodriguez has over 20 years advertising experience in the Barbados market having operated his own agency, HFCB Advertising, from 1989 until recently. He brings to SOJE Lonsdale multi-skill proficiency and wide ranging marketing and media knowledge and expertise in industry sectors like, Automotive, Construction, Distribution, Finance, Paints & Coatings, Retail, Pharmaceuticals, Sports & Charity Marketing and Lottery Marketing.
In announcing the appointment to Agency personnel, Mike Ramsay, CEO, noted that Antonio’s mandate to focus on Business Development, both for clients’ businesses as well as for the Agency itself, signaled SOJE Lonsdale’s commitment to growth as the only true antidote to the current economic challenges.Student Financial Services - made up of Financial Aid, the Bursar, and Registrar - assists students and their families with funding a Hofstra education, registering for classes, and other administrative processes.
Services
- Financial Aid - Financial Aid is here to help you make the most of the funding options available to you.
- Bursar/Student Accounts - The Office of the Bursar/Student Accounts is responsible for the billing, the processing of payments, refunds and the collections of receivables of all student accounts.
- Registrar - The Office of the Registrar is responsible for registration, collecting grades and attendance data, and other academic processes.
Important Dates
- September 28, 2021 - Fall 2021 Last day to drop a course without receiving a "W" grade on transcript
- September 28, 2021 - Fall 2021 Absolute last day to regsiter or add a course
- October 3, 2021 - January 2022 registrations opens for all students
- October 3, 2021 - Spring 2022 registration opens for Seniors
- October 5, 2021 - Fall 2021 Last day to submit Pass/D+/D/Fail form
- October 10, 2021 - Spring 2022 registration opens for Juniors
- October 13, 2021 - Fall 2021 - Conversion Day - Follow Friday schedule
- October 14 - 15, 2021 - Fall 2021 - Mid Semester Break - Classes not in session
- October 17, 2021 - Spring 2022 registration opens for Sophomores
- October 24, 2021 - Spring 2022 registration opens for First Year students
- November 9, 2021 - Last day to file the Repeat Course Form
- November 9, 2022 - Last day for Undergraduates to withdraw from individual courses
- November 9, 2023 - Note: For courses shorter than 15 weeks, the student must withdraw within the first 2/3 of the course
- November 24-27, 2021 - Thanksgiving Break - Classes Not in Session
- December 9, 2021 - Fall 2021 Last day to completely withdraw from all courses - UG students
- December 10, 2021 - Snow/Study/Reading Day for UG only, GR classes will meet
- December 11 - 17, 2021 - Final exams for all students
Do-It-Yourself Express
If you know what you're looking for, use the self-service links below for all your financial services needs.
Resources
Important Links
Presentations
- Financial Friday – Am I eligible for a re-evaluation?
- Financial Friday - Filing your FAFSA
- Financial Friday - Paying for College
- Financial Friday – FERPA vs. Authorized User vs. eSpace: Know the Difference
- Financial Friday – Making An Online Payment
- Financial Friday – Payment Plan Option
- How to Read Your Bill & the Dewar Tuition Insurance Plan
- Financial Friday – Bridging the Gap
- Financial Friday – What to do after you accept your loans
Student Financial Services A-Z
Visit Us
Our Offices
Student Financial Services and Registrar Suite
206 Memorial Hall
Office Services
Most common student requests can be completed online. The following transactions can be completed in the Hofstra portal at my.hofstra.edu:
- Payments can be made online through the Hofstra portal at my.hofstra.edu 24/7 via electronic check with no additional fee, or by credit card through a third party contractor, PayPath, with a non-refundable service fee of 2.85% (minimum $3) of the amount charged.
- Course registration
- Review your semester charges
- Accept your financial aid
- Upload missing documents to process your financial aid
If you need to have a financial hold removed from your account, please keep in mind that financial holds due to outstanding account balances are removed when the balance is cleared systematically several times per day during peak periods. A hold preventing the release of a transcript is in place until the payment clears your bank unless payment is made via certified funds.
Students who need to pay with cash should email Bursar@hofstra.edu to schedule an appointment with a representative.
Printable, electronic forms can be found here for the following transactions:
- Registration form
- Enrollment verification/certification
- Change of major
- Transcript requests
- All other academic records/registrar forms
The Student Financial Services Suite, in Memorial Hall, is open for the following transactions only
Monday – Thursday 9am – 5pm
Friday 9am – noon (June 4 – July 30, 2021)
- Pick up checks, enrollment verification, diplomas, transcripts
- Drop off check payments in the secure mail slot outside of Room 205
- Prior scheduled appointments
Masks must be worn at all times. Please use hand sanitizer before entering the reception area.
To get in touch with Student Financial Services virtually or over the phone you can:
- Call us at 516-463-8000 to schedule an appointment, if needed.This past month or so I’ve been playing a whole load of Red Dead Redemption, encourage like many of my gaming community friends by the excellent in depth Cane & Rinse podcast on the game.
RDR is by far from a new game, yet thanks to the fact that it was a graphical tour de force and that we are reaching the limits of what we can expect from the current generation of consoles it by no means felt it. Of course it’s also a wonderfully well crafted game, one which provides a rich open world but doesn’t force you to have to explore every nook and cranny just to play through the story. But for those who take the time to set out and just discover the lands of New Austin it can often feel like the exploration of a real environment such is the attention to detail Rockstar bestowed upon the game.
As someone who is about to have their household income severely reduced in the coming months, this provides great comfort. Knowing that the collection of games we have built up over the past few years will see us well entertained reducing the need to look to the new shiny all the time and just soak up some of gaming finest hours of recent times.
Recent Commentsrelaxing
Today was relaxing. Went for a nice, long drive with my daughter. She drove the entire time. After three hours, Sabrina (the new car), suggested she take a break with a cute picture of a steaming cup of coffee/tea. We’re not sure if it was because of the amount of time driving or if it’s because she kept swerving out of her lane. Before you panic, we were on Jersey Island Rd which is a narrow and rough road and so the lane-assist kept warning her to stay in her lane whenever she swerved to avoid loose gravel, potholes, etc.
When we got home, I took a two hour nap. I needed that since I had stayed up until 4am.
Writing-wise and site-wise, not much to report today, but I’m doing a little bit on the new Trixie fanfic story. Meanwhile Sam & Tristan keep whispering to me to write the next story of theirs, which I really do want to get to. Hopefully I’ll find time to sit and write tomorrow.
Glad you had such a nice relaxing day! Writing plans sound good! Always good to know there’s more coming down the pike from you!General Manager - London (Victoria) £40,000
Posted 3 weeks ago
General Manager – London (Victoria) £40,000
Role: General Manager (High Volume QSR)
Location: London
Salary: Up to £40,000
Trendy, vibrant quick service restaurant is looking for a passionate General Manager to join the family!
I am looking to speak to experienced General Managers that are looking to take the next step in their career, this company offer a fresh and well-loved product. With stylish interior and a great reputation – who wouldn’t want to work for these guys?
Benefits for the General Manager!
- To be part of a truly special brand
- Head up a cool and innovative concept and have some great autonomy
- A chance to work with likeminded people
- A chance for your ideas to be heard
The role of the General Manager!
- To use past knowledge to implement some strong standard/structure
- To implement systems enabling to push revenue and increase sales
- Maintain an exceptional level of customer service
- Train and develop team member and management
If you are keen to discuss the details further, please apply today or send your cv to SonnyBringing you the comfort of a job well done!
YOUR INSTALLATION PROS
Call Now! 1-866-649-9048
A+
Licensed and Insured
Mobile Computer Techs
It is crucial to maintain the health of your business computer from the moment you install it. Regularly scheduled system tune-ups, virus removal, and performance checks are just some of the things you will need to remember when caring for your PC. Our basic computer service covers Lenovo, Dell, HP computers, and more. It ranges anywhere from system set-ups to hard drive data transfers, and we are adding new services as time progresses — all with the hopes of better serving your business needs. Just give us a call and schedule your service today!
Please reload1 SATURDAY CIRCLE A 932 E Chambers, The Tritonicst 8PM / DJ Brett Allen 10PM FRIENDS MEETING HOUSE 3224 N Gordon Pl, Community Potluck & Sing-A-Long (bring a dish to share; see ad Page 11) 5:30-8:30PM GORDON PARK PAVILION Humboldt & Locust, Neighborhood Walkers, all welcome! 10-11AM IMPALA LOUNGE 701 E Center, The Wax Addicts […]
Archive | February, 2014
Calendar – Ongoing Events – February 2014
FEB 1-28 RIVERWEST CO-OP CAFÉ 733 E Clarke, Ty Bender: Souvenir Plates (see ad Page 5) FEB 5-MAR 16 MILWAUKEE REPERTORY THEATER 108 E Wells, The Whipping Man (post-civil war drama) FEB 8-MAR 8 JAZZ GALLERY 926 E Center, EXHIBIT: RiverWest Elders “Creative Expressions” (open Tuesdays 6-8PM & Saturdays Noon-5PM) FEB14-MAR 2 ART BAR 722 […]
Neighbor Spotlight – Alyssa and Peter Murphy
by Peggy Schulz, photo by Vince Bushell […]
Uncle Tomato in The Polar Vortex
By Laura Maker, featured Comic Artist
2014 Riverwest Follies – Saturday March 15th – Falcon Bowl
by […]Beauty Beauty Therapist Contract jobs in Huntingdon
Broaden your search
- Beauty, Beauty Therapist, Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire 2
- Beauty, Beauty Therapist, Contract, Cambridgeshire 1
Refine your search
- Beauty Remove selection
- Beauty Therapist Remove selection
- Huntingdon Remove selection
- Contract Remove selection
Found 1 hair and beauty job
Beauty Therapist - Cambridge
Casual Beauty Therapist - Cambridge We are recruiting for a salon that is a haven of luxury and tranquility, where the harmony of body and mind can...HiFold Fit & Fold Booster
AED 856.19
- Description
- Additional information
- Reviews (0)
Description
What They Say:
HiFold Fit & Fold Booster
The world’s most adjustable highback booster seat. The unique “Multi-Fit” technology has 243 individual settings to keep your child safe & comfortable. This means that hifold not only grows with the child but also ensures optimal seatbelt fit and comfort, no matter the size or shape of the child.
The 6 advanced impact-protection zones and 4 layer design ensure optimum comfort and protection. hifold uses advanced lightweight materials including a polyproylene shell, EPE, a PU foam and fabric layer..
Key Fetaures:
- hifold is adjustable, safe and comfortable
- 243 individual settings Meets or exceeds NHTSA FMVSS 213
- For children weighing 33-100 lbs, 36-59
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Hope Capital appoints new senior development underwriter
Specialist short-term lender, Hope Capital has bolstered its underwriting team by welcoming Jon Reed as senior development underwriter.
Jon joins Hope Capital after working in the finance industry for over 20 years, with a specific focus on bridging and development finance more recently. He has previously gained wide experience of the underwriting process in the specialist lending market in a variety of roles.
In his new position, Jon will be responsible for underwriting and completing case volumes, as well as supporting the Hope Capital team as the business looks to enter a new lending space.
Jon Reed, senior development underwriter at Hope Capital, commented: .”
Jon joins Hope Capital just after the firm has celebrated reaching 10 years in business. Planning ahead for its ambitious future, Hope Capital is currently looking to onboard a wave of new appointments at all levels of the business.
Gary Bailey, managing director of Hope Capital, added: “We are thrilled to have been able to appoint Jon as senior development underwriter and are looking forward to seeing his Hope Capital journey unfold. This is a really exciting time for Hope Capital and by Jon joining us, we are better positioned to take on increased business volumes.”Level 3: We are able to take orders and deliver in level 3 from wednesday
The perfect part for any spa
Aquarius Spa Parts
Regular price
$22.47
Waterway Mini Storm Smooth Face Massage Jet.
Has a face diameter of 75mm.
Grey smooth face with rotating nozzle and 3 hole face.OJJDP will host ”Safe School and Community Environment for Youth, Part 1: Strategies and Solutions” as part of OJJDP’s Preventing Youth Hate Crimes & Identity-Based Bullying Initiative webinar series.
During the webinar, which is targeted to school communities, presenters will:
- Describe what safe and affirming behaviors look like versus rejecting behaviors.
- Discuss how to instill in children an appreciation and respect for one another's differences and help them develop empathy, conflict resolution and critical thinking skills.
- Help participants understand how schools, families, law enforcement, and communities work together to prevent the development of the prejudiced attitudes and violent behavior that lead to hate crimes.
- Explain how to create an equitable, supportive, safe and inclusive climate in schools and community programs for youth.
The webinar series is supported by OJJDP's National Training and Technical Assistance Center (NTTAC). To obtain handouts and documents for this event, contact the OJJDP NTTAC Help Desk at [email protected] or by phone at 1-833-647-0513.Predictive Value of Electroencephalography for Seizure Outcome Following Corpus Callosotomy in Children
Go-Un Jeong, Hunmin Kim, Byung Chan Lim, Jong-Hee Chae, Ki Joong Kim, Yong Seung Hwang, Hee Hwang
J Epilepsy Res.
2011;1(2):65-70. Published online 2011 Dec 30 DOI:
Citations to this article as recorded by
Neurosurgical approaches to pediatric epilepsy: Indications, techniques, and outcomes of common surgical procedures
Jonathan Dallas, Dario J. Englot, Robert P. Naftel
Seizure
.2020; 77: 76.
CrossRef
Reappraisal of corpus callosotomy
Kristina Malmgren, Bertil Rydenhag, Tove Hallböök
Current Opinion in Neurology
.2015; 28(2): 175.
CrossRefCode: 6308-004
Dimensions:
A lovely George III silver gilt curved pocket snuff box made in Birmingham 1809 by Mathew Linwood. It is in exceptionally good condition with a full set of hallmarks on the lip. All the surfaces are covered with cast designs of flower and ball. A great piece and a great addition to any collection.
WEIGHT; 70grams or 2.3ozt, approximately two miles off the shore of Barry, South Wales. They left the vessel by inflatable boat in search of a good time at one of the town’s pubs. However, at some point during the night, they lost their way back to their ship due to heavy fog in the area, and ended up on the small island of Flat Holm.
When the men failed to return to their vessel, shipmates reported them missing, and the Maritime and Coastguard Agency launched a search and rescue mission involving “helicopters and rescue teams.” The agency was assisted by five lifeboats from the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI), according to a tweet by the Coastguard. Eventually, an ecologist working on Flat Holm discovered the men and called an RNLI team, which was able to return them to shore.
Three missing Russian crew have been found safe and well after going missing in the Bristol Channel. The trio were found on Flat Holm, an island in the channel, by @RNLIBarrydock and taken back to Barry #allsafe #999Coastguard
— Maritime&Coastguard (@MCA_media) March 21, 2019
“They were very lucky we were here,” ecologist Richard Twinning told the Penarth Daily News. More interestingly, one of the three men involved in the incident was reported to be the master of the vessel, Mr. Philip Verhoeven.
“I asked the men if they would be in trouble with the captain when they got back and one very sheepishly told me ‘I am the captain,'” Twinning said. He added the three men “were really nice guys.”
While this incident has a happy ending, the U.S. Coast Guard (USCG) has fought for years to end the practice of “drinking and boating.” According to a 2014 report from the USCG, “16 percent of boating fatalities” are related to consuming alcohol. Many boaters are lulled into a false sense of security and believe myths like penalties for boating under the influence are lesser than those given to people caught driving drunk; or that since boats are often recreational vehicles, drinking is part of the experience.
“Jail time, lawsuits, injury, and death can all result from driving a boat drunk,” the USCG report said. “Boozing and boating is definitely a great way to ruin a good.TORONTO — Five things to watch for in the Canadian business world in the coming week:
BoC rate announcement:
The Bank of Canada is scheduled to release its latest interest rate decision and its quarterly monetary policy report on Wednesday. September’s inflation rate came in at 4.4 per cent — the fastest annual pace since February 2003 — according to Statistics Canada, though Bank of Canada governor Tiff Macklem said last week that recent inflation readings are “transitory,'' and that rate adjustments would only be spurred by more long-term pressures.
Suncor earnings:
Suncor Energy Inc. is set to release Q3 results on Wednesday. The Calgary-based company said on Oct. 1 that it had assumed operatorship of the Syncrude oilsands project — one of the largest operations in the oilsands — in a bid to improve its performance.
Shopify results:
Shopify Inc. is expected to release Q3 results on Thursday. The e-commerce company posted record revenue and product volumes in Q2, which it attributed to the reopening of stores, restaurants and favourite locales shuttered due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
August GDP numbers:
Statistics Canada is scheduled to release gross domestic product by industry data for August on Friday. The agency reported on Oct. 1 that the economy shrank 0.1 per cent in July, following a 0.6 per cent rise in June. Its initial estimate for August suggests a rise of 0.7 per cent for the month, which would put total economic activity about one per cent below pre-pandemic levels.
Shaw earnings:
Shaw Communications Inc. is set to release its Q4 and full-year results on Friday. CEO Brad Shaw reiterated on Friday his support for Rogers Communication Inc.’s $26 billion agreement to acquire Shaw amid a power struggle between Edward Rogers and other members of the Rogers board over who should lead the telecommunications giant.
This report by The Canadian Press was first published October 24, 2021.
The Canadian PressDeletere - Theovorator: Babelis Testamentum LP
Deletere - Theovorator: Babelis Testamentum LP20€In stock.
Hot on the heels of their celebrated 2018 opus, De Horae Leprae, Délétère slithers back from the abyss to unleash its latest Blasphemy:.
Black vinyl (180 grams), printed lyric sheet, etching on side B. Limited to 400 copiesThe weekend trip was good. Friday night we grabbed the 7pm ferry, just barely. We were going to stop and pick up some dinner before getting on the ferry, but after checking out the lineup, we opted to head straight to the ferry. We got very lucky. After us, there was only 4 more cars let on. If we had waited any longer at the restaurant, we would have missed the ferry. The rest of the evening was no big deal.
Yoshi simply cannot sleep in the same bedroom as us. We keep trying it, and he ends up keeping me awake all night. We know that he is more restless if he has access to us. Anyway, Saturday morning I got up at 6 because I just couldn’t sleep any more with a pacing dog nudging my face with a cold wet nose. I got up and read for a bit.
When Sue got up, we headed out for our appointment in Squamish. After that was complete, we zipped back to Vancouver to meet some friends for lunch. We were going to go to the Red Onion, but it was too crowded, so we walked down the street to the Ginger and Garlic. Mmmm, what a feast. The menu situation was a little strange though. They handed out at least 3 different menus to everyone. There was a daily specials menu, a today’s specials menu, their regular menu, and I think one more. Their regular menu had a whole bunch of different sections to it too (Malaysian, Eastern, Western). All the food we ordered was excellent, and it was fun catching up with everyone.
After lunch we headed to Kits beach for a little stroll, and some picture taking too. It was such a beautiful day. I couldn’t believe the amount of people out on the beach in February (apologies to the East Coasters right now).
Next Sue and I headed to Erin’s place to catch up with him and Christine. It was great to catch up with them. Erin and I have the kind of friendship where we may not talk to one another for a while, but when we do get together, we do a total catch up, then repeat. Well, it seems that way to me anyway. Feel free to chime in Erin 🙂 We left Erin’s fairly late and made the trek from Kits all the way back to Langley.
Sunday morning, after sleeping in, I went and did a bit of shopping, including getting a bit more dog food (we save approx $15 a bag by getting it in Langley). Sue and I then visited a friend of hers, the booted out to the ferry.
We thought we were being smart but getting to the ferry terminal at 4:10 for the 5 ferry. As we paid the lady told us that the earliest we will get on is the 6 pm! :O Crap! I sat and read for a while, then I wandered around the terminal taking pictures. When our ferry landed I meandered back to the truck to wait for our turn to load. To the ferry workers credit when there is heavy traffic, they try to cram as many cars on as possible. We were the last ones on the top deck, and to get into my spot I had to squeeze my truck into a space with only a few inches on either side. Thankfully the narrowest spot was the entrance, so once we were parked, there was lots of room to open the doors. I haven’t worked through my pics yet, so expect them later tonight or tomorrow (later for the film ones).- Description
Here is our Custom Bluz Nda Pins which is customized for the Bluz Nda Blood Show. Bluz Nda is a mosquito who likes singing very much. Bluz Nda also wants to have his own show. The image that Bluz Nda is singing was stamped on the Custom Lapel Pins’ surface with a right side dialog box said: the Bluz Nda Blood Show. The Custom Bluz Nda Pins is dying struck from the soft enamel process with jewelry grade metal. The Custom Lapel Pins die struck with dye black with blue, red, white, gray enamel colors filled. Do you like this kind of creative Metal Pins? Contact us to make your unique one!
- You May LikeListing the names, the J&K administration, in its order, said: “Sanction is hereby accorded to naming of infrastructure assets after the following martyrs/ eminent personalities…”
The Jammu and Kashmir (J&K) administration on Friday issued orders to rename several government schools after security personnel who were killed in the area and eminent personalities hailing from the region.
About 76 educational institutions will be named after security personnel who were killed in J&K, including SPOs and constables of the J&K Police, and eminent personalities.
Listing the names, the J&K administration, in its order, said: “Sanction is hereby accorded to naming of infrastructure assets after the following martyrs/ eminent personalities…”
The Divisional Commissioner’s office has also written to all deputy commissioners across J&K, asking them to identify government schools in villages and municipal wards which can be renamed.
The decision was taken as a mark of tribute, as part of the celebrations to mark 75 years of Independence.
The list includes a government auditorium being named after singer Raj Begum, a Padma Shri awardee; three government colleges in Srinagar being named after Kashmiri novelist Akhtar Mohiuddin, playwright Moti Lal Kemmu and poet Moti Lal Saqi.
The Institute of Music and Fine Arts at the University of Kashmir will be named after Sahitya Akademi Award winner Pran Kishore Kaul; the Government Women’s College in Jammu will be named after Dogri poet Padma Sachdev.
“It is a wonderful initiative by the government which will serve as a morale booster for the security forces fighting terrorism here. Schoolchildren will learn about the supreme sacrifices of martyrs and the work and life of eminent personalities. It will also immortalise the bravehearts who sacrificed their lives while protecting the sovereignty and integrity of the nation,” said J&K DGP Dilbag Singh.
Source: Read Full ArticleCrazy COVID-19
Four days. That is what we will always remember. It was the week after the wedding expo, our moms had come to visit and help with the kids and they were traveling home. The warning signs were out there, people were starting to get increasingly nervous, but nothing concrete had happened. It only took 4 days. From Thursday-Sunday Taylor's husband was unemployed, postponements were in full effect, school was being cancelled and people were panic purchasing toilet paper in bulk. It went from 0-100 with what felt like no time to prepare. That's why we call it Crazy COVID-19. It is just all so crazy and getting crazier and crazier! Our hearts yearn for those who are sick, working on the front lines (healthcare workers, we see you!) people who are quarantined alone during this time, those with compromised immune systems, those who suffer from anxiety and/or depression, those who are unemployed with mouths to feed, and the list goes on.
As many know, we live on a small island called the Outer Banks of NC. An island whose economy thrives on tourism and tourism alone. Our little stretch of sand is filled with mom and pop hotels, small businesses galore, locally owned restaurants, boutiques, in home daycares, fitness studios, ice cream shops - all of these have their own unique stories and none of them with a corporate background. The reason people come back every year and hit those same spots they love is for this reason. Because for many, it gives off that feeling of home away from home. You cross the bridge and feel yourself relax, because you're home, but without all the hustle and bustle. You go back to the same restaurants, to eat your favorite meals, to say hi to the same bartender and catch up. We are a close knit community and we welcome you with open arms, every. single. year.
There is not one single person we know that won't be brutally affected financially by COVID-19 and we felt the need to update anyone who'd like to know the island's current restrictions, what is happening in the wedding world, and how it's affected us and our business personally. We have promised to let our babes deeper into our personal world in 2020, and it looks like this virus is about to rip us wide open and show us what we're made of.
OUTER BANKS: As of 3/23/20 the bridges are only open to residents. No tourists or homeowners. You have to live here to come on the island and they also started doing checkpoints. Schools will remain closed to in-person instruction through at least May 15th, and all non-essential businesses are closed. Restaurants are open for take out only, but many have opted to close altogether. People are urged to stay home, and only go out for needed supplies (gas, groceries, etc.)
WEDDING WORLD: As of now the Centers for Disease Control has advised against gatherings of 50 people or more for the next eight weeks (all of April and beginning of May). The agency said it was warning against large events and mass gatherings that include "conferences, festivals, parades, concerts, sporting events, weddings, and other types of assemblies." Our clients that are within this range are working on postponing, and our clients briefly outside the range are holding strong on their dates until further guidance is given. For OBX wedding vendors we normally see two lucrative wedding seasons (Apr-June and Sept-Nov) with most of our weddings taking place during these time periods. The main concern for wedding vendors right now is losing that entire first season and how and when rescheduling will be able to happen. With most people hoping to reschedule within the same calendar year, we run into venues/dates being booked already, not all vendors being available for a specific day, and of course the unknown of clients changing their date and then the restrictions continuing on for longer than everyone hoped.
OUR FAMILIES: Fingers crossed the 7 of us are all currently healthy which is our absolute main priority. We have 3 little ones 5 and under between us and as any mother reading this knows that keeping them healthy is all that matters. Taylor's husband is unfortunately unemployed and Samantha's husband is working remotely. We are all staying home and only going out for the essentials and are home with our kids pretty much full time while we try to keep our work schedule as normal as possible and be available to our couples when needed. We are choosing to have contact with each other, but that is all.
THE BIZ: Our baby, who is about to turn 4, is definitely going to go through some growing pains with this one. If you do not know, the pricing structure for many wedding vendors, us included, goes like this: 50% of the total package amount upfront, with the remaining 50% due 30 days before the event date. So, if you can do math you'll realize all the final payments for our upcoming 1st season that we were so eagerly waiting on we will most likely not receive. This is happening for all vendors coming off of our 'off season' when we do little to no business whatsoever. We are likely to receive second deposit amounts at a further date (if the wedding is postponed and not cancelled) which is starting to look like it will be this Fall or next Spring 2021. The main issue from a business standpoint (other than the countless hours that goes into rescheduling all of the vendors for these weddings) is that the new dates will take away future prime dates that we were likely to book additional business on. The only way for us to bring additional income in right now is to book future weddings, so 2021 babes if you didn't think you needed a planner before, we sure hope you do now!
Above all, we are extremely empathetic towards our couples. As planners that specialize in full service wedding planning, we have worked with these couples for usually right around a year. We have dreamt up every aspect of their weddings alongside them, worked with every vendor, got to know them on a personal level and we were literally weeks away from bringing it all to life. Though postponements are inevitable, we are here to make the process easier on them by taking over that workload so they can have time to process how emotional changing your wedding date can be. We are confident that these weddings will happen, and when they do it will be just a little bit sweeter for them to finally celebrate alongside the ones they love most.
Lastly, our island is resilient, we are resilient, and we will recover from this. #weareinthistogether
Sending everyone health and positive vibes!
Tim Holloway wrote:Looks like :mydomain" is actually "admin.gameteam.cz". It seems to have tried to deploy, but the webapp's web.xml version was 4.0 and you're running Tomcat 8. You need Tomcat 9 to run web 4.0.
Tim Holloway wrote:Can you post a copy of the catalina.out log here? Also check the my.domain.log file.
Tim Holloway wrote:Welcome to the Ranch, Lukas!
If you expect to put webapps from the primary host in TOMCAT_HOME/webapps, but put webapps from a virtual host in TOMCAT_HOME/webapps/lab, then it doesn't work that way. The "webapps" directory has no magic powers. It's just a directory that the primary Tomcat host has been told to use. To deploy apps from the alternate virtual host, make a TOMCAT_HOME/lab diirectory and copy WARs into it the same way you'd copy WARs into TOMCAT_HOME/webapps.Home Cleaning Services Atlanta GA Residents Depend On
Book your trusted cleaner below
Atlanta maids service that you can book hassle-free
Our Atlanta home cleaning services are designed to make your life easier. Forget about complicated forms and say hello to a zero hassle booking system that allows you to customize and schedule your cleaning in just 60 seconds! We offer both flat-rate and hourly pricing, and charge for the service only once the cleaning is finished. Our booking form is transparent and simple, our payment system is safe and secure, and the maids we’ll send to you are the best of the best. Book with us today and have a sparkling home always. No hassle, no stress.
Atlanta cleaning service that saves you energy and time
Do you feel overwhelmed by the number of daily tasks, by your duties and responsibilities? Juggling a career and a family can be daunting, especially if you are responsible for keeping your home tidy and neet as well. It’s time to declutter your never-ending to-do list and free up your time for what you love! Hand over your housework to the best cleaning company Atlanta has to offer and let us worry about cleaning. Take your kids to the Georgia Aquarium and spend a wonderful afternoon exploring one of the most magical aquariums in the world. Have dinner at one of the fine restaurants nestled around Centennial Olympic Park. Enjoy your free time to the fullest, knowing that you’ll come back to an impeccably clean home!
How #1 home cleaning services in Atlanta work
Book online
Tell us a little bit about your home and your preferences.
Let us clean
Your cleaner will make your home shine!
Enjoy your free time
Get more time to focus on the things you love.
Matching You With Trusted Atlanta House Cleaning Professionals.
When you book Atlanta house cleaning services with us, you can rest easy knowing that your cleaner is a trustworthy, dedicated and skilled professional who is also friendly, attentive and experienced. We make sure of that during our stringent vetting process.
We give you our word that every cleaner we team up with is:
Experienced & professional
English speaking
Background & reference checked
Interviewed in-person
Highly rated by other Moxie Maids customers
Book on the Go
Access our booking form on your tablet, computer or phone. See how easy it is to schedule #1 maid service in Atlanta
We want to help enhance the quality of your life. We give you the gift of a clean home and time!
Only the best quality
Your cleaner is dedicated to delivering unparalleled cleaning according to your wishes - each and every time!
Safety first
All the cleaners have passed our rigorous screening, as well as live interviews.
Easy to book
Book your cleaning under 1 minute! Just pick the most suitable time, date and type of service and enter a few details about your home.
Cash-free payment
Pay online through our secure payment system after the cleaning is done.
Seamless communication
We are always ready to answer your questions and accommodate your requests.
Fully vetted, insured and bonded Atlanta maids
We only team up with the most exceptional local cleaning superstars. Every cleaner has to undergo our extensive screening process. We check their background and references, we test their skills and evaluate not only their performance, but also their personality. When you book with The Moxie Maids, you can be certain that we’ll send you the most trustworthy and skilled maids in Atlanta, who are also fully insured and bonded. They will arrive on time, fully equipped with cleaning supplies and eager to make your home squeaky clean!
#1 Home cleaners Atlanta GA: these cleaning go-getters will leave you 200% satisfied
As a locally owned business in Atlanta, we are part of our community and are committed to helping it thrive. Nothing makes us happier than seeing our neighbors happy. We are always ready to go the extra mile to give our clients, our neighbors, a home they will enjoy spending time in, a home they deserve. You too can be satisfied with the cleanliness of your home. Book your home cleaning in Atlanta and become one of our many happy clients. If you are not completely satisfied with any aspect of your cleaning, simply let us know within the first 24 hours and we’ll send the cleaner to re-do the area at no additional cost! We appreciate your loyalty and strive to resolve all issues in 48 hours. We want you to be not just 100% but 200% satisfied with the quality of service you receive.
The best house cleaning services Atlanta GA has to offer
We offer an extensive range of maid services in Atlanta. Other than basic and deep house cleaning in Atlanta, we also provide top-notch green cleaning, move in/out cleaning, carpet cleaning, post-construction cleaning, and commercial cleaning. Whatever your cleaning needs, rest assured we can meet them, and not only that. We will go above and beyond to exceed your expectations.
Premier home cleaning services in Atlanta and surrounding areas
It doesn’t matter if you are looking for maid services in Decatur, GA, one-time house cleaning in East Point, GA, or recurring home cleaning service in Smyrna, GA. We service the entire Atlanta metro area, and we’re only a call or a click away! You only need one minute to book your appointment with us and get unmatched cleaning experience that will make your life so much easier!AllNewShop (99.7% approval) is selling the Canon EOS 5DS body for $2649 (Reg $3399) and the Canon EOS 5DS R body for $2999 (Reg $3599). This is the lowest price we’ve seen on the EOS 5DS R.
Canon EOS 5DS $2649 Body (Reg $3399) | Canon EOS 5DS R Body $2999 (Reg $3599)
*Note These are likely grey market items and may not qualify for a Canon USA warranty. Please check with the seller to see if they offer additional warranty.Edge Devices
Titan - Intelligent Edge Device
The Titan Series are rugged, small form IP Network Edge Devices enabling wide area network connectivity with an almost limitless range of alert, communication and display devices.
With industrial-grade, die-cast aluminium with no venting holes. The body itself is used for heat dissipation.
The Titan range is ideally suited to industrial and mobile applications so as mass notification systems.
Features:
* Connection of digital and analogue alert and communication devices over IP-networks
* Interface options for Public Address, EWIS, Public Display, IP Control and others
* DVI with Graphics Acceleration & High Definition Audio
* Low-power, Fanless operation
* Miniature size
* Industrial grade build & Aesthetic appearance
* Industrial Temperature Range Version up to -40ºc to 70ºc (Standard 0ºc to 70ºc)
Compact Size:
The most striking feature of the Titan range is its size, starting from – 10.8cm x 8.3cm x 2.4cm
Fanless Operation:
Titan range is totally fanless - the all-aluminium case dissipates heat. This has two advantages –
• Titan range is noiseless, or absolutely silent if SSD Version is used.
• Increased reliability due to no moving parts.
Eco friendly:
Titan range excels in extremely low power consumption from - 4.5W in normal or up to 24W under load depending on model. The Titan range has no hazardous substances and weight starting from 250g they is so small that electronic waste is negligible.
Best in class performance:
• MTBF > 100,000 Hours: Designed for mission critical applicationsCrossfire illustration contributor and all round stoker, George Yarnton has a new sticker pack available to pick up this week featuring these three over-aged gems! To pick up a bag of them head to his Big Cartel shop where you will find more of his wonderful work that have made it onto high quality glossy peal-ables, like these classic Partridge Peralta and Homer Roy’s.
“A godsend for concerned friends and relatives trying to rein in the chaos.”
–The New York Times
Whether you’re addressing the rising chaos of a pandemic or preparing for a scheduled surgery, having checklists prepared to guide you through a hospital visit can often mean the difference between comfort and pain, personal and distant care–and even life or death.
In today’s hospital system, you can face a series of perplexing obstacles to satisfactory care, from overworked healthcare providers to understaffed facilities–which are heightened in times of crisis. You need to know how to take charge of your own healthcare; Elizabeth Bailey shows you how to do just that with a series of essential, easy-to-use checklists to better manage, monitor, and participate in your own healthcare, including: Before You Go, What to Bring, Master Medication List, Discharge Plan, and more.
It is more important than ever to have a protocol, including a detailed plan for hygiene and communications while hospitalized. You can trust the medical staff, but you also need to trust yourself or a loved one to be your own best advocate. Newly revised and completely up-to-date, The Patient’s Checklist shows you how.
By clicking ‘Sign Up,’ I acknowledge that I have read and agree to Hachette Book Group’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
What's Inside
Reader Reviews
Praise
"Elizabeth Bailey's book could save your life. I've been pushing for people to understand how checklists work and can be made to empower them. Bailey has done precisely this for patients--that is, for all of us."—Atul Gawande, bloodstream infections, a preventable disease that kills about as many people every year as breast cancer. Imagine what the simple checklists in this book can do for you."—Peter J. Pronovost, MD, PhD, FCCM, co-author, with Eric Vohr,."—Christiane Northrup, M.D., ob/gyn physician and author of the New York Times bestsellers Women's Bodies, Women's Wisdom and The Wisdom of Menopause
"A godsend for concerned friends and relatives trying to rein in the chaos. Bravo to [Bailey] for turning that all too common misery to a constructive end."—The New York Times
"Elizabeth Bailey learned what could go wrong in a hospital the hard way: by watching her elderly father endure a long in-patient nightmare. Six years later, she has turned that system into a book."—USA Today
"Check this out before checking in: if you go in prepared...you can better advocate for your own well-being."—Washington Post
"The Patient's Checklist aims to guide patients safely through every stage in a hospital stay, starting before you arrive and continuing on through that crucial transition phase in care when you leave the hospital for home or rehab. 'It's not brain surgery to learn to become more involved in your care,' says Bailey. 'The book gives an idea for a framework and helps with how to ask questions.'"—NPR
"Medication mistakes and communication failures can make hospital care riskier than it needs to be. These tips will help patients get the compassion they need."—Reader's Digest
"The Patient's Checklist [is] a book of 10 checklists that address many of the essentials for a hospital stay, including sections on what to bring with you, medication management, how to make your hospital stay safer and more comfortable, and planning for your discharge."—MSNBC
"Prepare for your hospital stay: Elizabeth Bailey, author of The Patient's Checklist, says going through simple checklists can make an unexpected hospital visit go smoothly."—USA WeekendNasty Bug Appears as County Slashes Top Pest, Plant Jobs
Farmers Worry over Citrus Psyllid Discoveries in Goleta and Carp
A citrus pest that threatens California’s lemon and orange industry was found in Carpinteria and Goleta at three locations last month, state officials said, bringing the total number of “find sites” to 12 on the South Coast this year and 28 in Santa Barbara County since 2012.
The Asian citrus psyllid, as it is known, has not yet tested positive in Santa Barbara County for the bacteria that causes huanglongbing, or HLB, the fatal disease that is devastating Florida crops, said Victoria Hornbaker, citrus program manager for the California Department of Food and Agriculture. But county residents should be on the lookout for uneven yellowing in their lemon trees, she said. The insects, which are undeterred by drought, were detected recently in state traps near Casitas Pass and Foothill roads in Carpinteria, and La Patera Lane and the end of North Patterson Avenue in Goleta.
“What’s really alarming is that a couple of counties over, HLB trees are being infected and removed,” Hornbaker said. “This is a disease that will essentially annihilate an entire industry and everybody’s backyard citrus trees.”
The latest detections of Asian citrus psyllid in Santa Barbara County have heightened consternation in some quarters over the pending downsizing of two specialist jobs in the Agricultural Commissioner’s office — that of Brian Cabrera, the county entomologist, or pest expert, and Heather Scheck, the plant pathologist, or disease expert. The two PhD scientists provide free identification and advice to hundreds of farmers, ranchers, arborists, landscapers, park officials, and backyard gardeners every year.
In January, state officials said, Cabrera intercepted a shipment of Florida tangelos in gift boxes at the Santa Barbara Airport that tested positive for HLB.
“If you don’t have any technical people in the field, how are you supposed to know what’s going on?” said Jim Downer, a University of California Cooperative Extension plant pathologist and horticulturist in Ventura, speaking as an individual. “There are only so many eyes out there. We have many kinds of pests coming at us.”
During county budget hearings in June, on the heels of a Board of Supervisors resolution proclaiming June 6-14 as Invasive Pests Action Week, Commissioner Cathy Fisher proposed combining the two specialist jobs. The county’s Agricultural Advisory Committee opposed the idea, but the board majority approved it. Fisher explained that “to address a workload need and improve efficiency,” one of the specialists would serve as both an entomologist and plant pathologist, and the other would be offered a newly created position as biologist, with a cut in pay.
“No one’s walking out the door,” she said.
Between them, Cabrera and Scheck test hundreds of samples of pests, weeds, and plant diseases yearly. Fisher said the 14 biologists in her office would be able to do the initial screening at a lower cost with no reduction in services. Using high-tech microscopes, she said, they can forward photographs of specimens to the state as needed by email. Often, even an iPhone photo is sufficient for identification purposes, Fisher said.
But Sharyne Merritt, an avocado rancher who is vice chair of the county Agricultural Advisory Committee, wrote to the board, “The County needs specialists in the Agricultural Commission Department, not recent college graduates with smart phones.”
Overall, the board approved a $5 million budget for Fisher’s office for 2015-16, up $330,000 from last year. Last year, the office reported, agriculture in this county brought in nearly $1.5 billion in gross revenues. Lemons were number 13 on the list of top crops; they brought in nearly $13 million.
In an interview last week, Fisher said the Asian citrus psyllid trapping and testing program was run by the state and would not be affected by the restructuring. She said there was a shift underway from conventional to organic farming, and that growers were asking for more training in pest control. Growers of strawberries, the top local crop, now send their samples to California Polytechnic State University, Fisher said.
“What I’m hearing from the growers is that their needs have changed,” she said. “They have their own pest identification resources and farm advisors.”
But many others, such as James and Lauris Rose, the owners of Cal-Orchid, Inc. in Goleta, are dependent on the county specialists. The Roses’ export shipments are inspected for free by Scheck before they leave the country, to meet foreign certification standards. James Rose said he was “totally against” combining the specialist jobs because “they’re two separate doctrines.”
“It would be slow and expensive to send leaf samples up to Sacramento,” Rose said. “It would be a real hardship for me.”
Last month, Fisher kicked off a series of forums open only to farmers and growers. Based on their feedback, she said she is fashioning a new job to serve them.
Paul Van Leer, an Agricultural Advisory Committee member who manages the Las Varas and Edwards ranches, a cattle, avocado, and lemon operation on the Gaviota Coast, said now that Fisher “is willing to create a brand-new position tailored to our needs, I don’t think it’s a setback, as long as she feels she can cover our bases. That’s yet to be determined.”
As for the Asian citrus psyllid, Van Leer believes it’s under control for now, but he’s worried.
“If it spreads, we’ll end up losing all of our orchards,” he said. “The symptoms don’t show up for years.”Oscar rundown - Oh god, Billy Crystal is awful. Actually that opening montage was pretty funny. What was with Jennifer Lopez's dress? Aww I love Jessica Chastain, she is adorable. I hope she wins. No, Octavia Spencer. I really admire Christopher Plummer. What a fantastic speech. Cirque Du Solei was impressive. That Emma Stone/Ben Stiller sketch was actually quite good. Okay, getting tired of RDJ's doco now. Bret McKenzie is on stage. Angelina is presenting an award...and has a leg. Woody is absent. I would have liked to have seen Farhadi back on stage. Alexander Payne is always a class act. Spotlight is on Viola, but I'm looking at Chastain in the background. Hey, Jean Dujardin wins. Meryl. Ugh. Hazanavicius is back again. The Artist wins the biggie, and Dujardin is at the back playing with the dog.
The Artist wins five, Hugo wins five...and The Iron Lady wins two.
Best Picture: The Artist
After Hazanavicius won Best Director this was fairly inevitable, though Hugo had picked up a bunch of awards earlier in the night, which made us question whether it might cause an upset.
Best Director: Michel Hazanavicius for The Artist
Yeah. Before the night, and before Hugo's string of awards, this seemed like a sure bet. Not a surprise, but I half expected to hear Scorsese's name called.
Best Actor: Jean Dujardin for The Artist
Could have been Clooney. Could have been Pitt. Like at Cannes and at the SAG Awards, it is is Jean Dujardin.
Best Actress: Meryl Streep for The Iron Lady
Ugh. Meryl. Rooney got robbed.
Best Supporting Actor: Christopher Plummer for Beginners
This is a class act. Fantastic speech from Plummer.
Best Supporting Actress: Octavia Spencer for The Help
Standing ovation. She was very good. But I wanted to see Jessica Chastain give a speech.
Best Adapted Screenplay: Alexander Payne, Nat Faxon and Jim Rash for The Descendants
I had Moneyball, but this is a fantastic adaptation and not a surprise.
Best Original Screenplay: Woody Allen for Midnight in Paris
Woody wasn't even there. Another 'shocker'. I would have loved to have seen Farhadi on stage again.
Best Animated Film: Rango
Had to happen.
Best Documentary Feature: Undefeated
Though I haven't seen any of the nominees this still struck me as a surprise. I expected Paradise Lost 3: Purgatory to win this.
Best Foreign Language Film: A Separation
At this point in the night, I think this was the first actual deserving award.
Best Cinematography: Hugo
The first award of the night, and a big shocker. I figured it would go to Lubezki for The Tree of Life. It had to. Alternatively, I thought Schiffman. Richardson was a surprise, as beautiful as Hugo is.
Best Film Editing: The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo
Fantastic decision by the AMPAS. I called this quite a while back, but because of the likelihood of The Artist winning Best Picture, I figured it would pick up Editing. Baxter and Hall also won last year for The Social Network.
Best Original Score: The Artist
At this point, if Howard Shore won for Hugo, I was sure it was going to make a sweep. But Bource picked it up. One of the 11 I got right.
Best Original Song: The Muppets
Best Costume Design: The Artist
Best Art Direction: Hugo
Best Visual Effects: Hugo
*Shakes Head* Did they see Rise of the Planet of the Apes? This one is wrong.
Best Make-up: The Iron Lady
I was convinced Meryl wasn't going to win now because they had already honoured what made her performance so memorable.
Best Sound Mixing/Editing: Hugo
Best Live Action Short: The Shore
Best Animated Short: The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore
Best Documentary Short Subject: Saving Face.
Well there we are. Another Oscar year over. The ceremony was classy (mostly) and Billy Crystal was as safe and conservative as they could get. Having said that he made a few poor taste stabs and that 'Guess what you're thinking' bit was just plain insulting. Poor Nick Nolte. Either he should have done a Gervais and went all out, or kept it clean and fun. Not no man's land. There were some pleasant surprises (Baxter/Hall), but mostly annoying ones (Tree of Life and Apes overlooked in cinematography and visual effects, and Streep). Getting used to being disappointed on Oscar Day. But, it marks an occasion every year, and though it was a less-than-stellar line-up this year, I'll be back again for more in 2013.
Emma Stone was the highlight for me. How can one person be so adorable and hilarious? Also Bret McKenzie winning! Loved hearing that Kiwi accent up there.
I like Emma Stone, and I thought she was great. She is a couple of months younger than me and is now a pretty big deal. Yeah, Bret has one of the best beards ever. So glad he got recognised for his work on The Muppets. Overall, it was a solid telecast. The set was cute - but Billy Crystal bugged me at times.
I liked Billy Crystal! He's marvelous. It was that shithead Justin Bieber that ruined the opening segment!
He was okay, I guess. I thought some of his stabs were in poor taste, though. His singing wasn't as strong as I have seen him in the past either. I actually laughed at that bit with Bieber. Odd.Cristovam BuarqueTwitter Statistics
@Sen_Cristovam - Tracking since October 31, 2009
Professor e Polemista.
Brasil
You are on Cristovam Buarque's Twitter stats page
We track these Twitter stats since October 31, 2009 . You can see how many followers Cristovam Buarque lost or gained and what the prediction is for tomorrow or the next 15 days, together with all kinds of other stats like rank compared to all Twitter users, tweets etc.
Why don't you give it a try and compare Cristovam Buarque to yourself ? Or if you are Cristovam Buar"It took 9,000 officers, five days, and roughly $1 billion in lost revenue for Boston, but suspect one is dead and suspect two is in custody..
But why do our brains shut down when the slightest indication exists that the culprit might maybe possibly be Muslim? No sooner did the Boston tragedy occur -- and even before the slightest indication emerged regarding who perpetrated the attack -- but I received dozens of emails and messages asking why "moderate Muslims" aren't condemning the attack?.
And the fact is Muslims have gone far beyond mere condemnation but taken action. The Muslims for Life campaign has raised over 25,000 blood donations in the past two years to honor 9/11 victims. The #MyJihad campaign serves to demonstrate Jihad's true meaning. The Muslims for Peace campaign champions true, peaceful Islam. I could go on but hopefully you get the picture.
America is not under threat from radical Islam, but it is under threat from radical ignorance. This ignorance is a far more powerful and far more destructive force than any act of terror. I speak having experienced the horrific after effects of such ignorance.
Some 40 years ago, Pakistan decided to succumb to such ignorance and direct its wrath against my peaceful and pluralistic Muslim sect -- the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community. What began as passive discrimination advanced to laws banning our freedom of expression and worship, to now open violence against all religious and belief minorities in Pakistan -- Ahmadi Muslims, Christians, Hindus, Shiite Muslims, Baha'is, and atheists. Pakistan went from a relatively peaceful nation entirely alien to terrorist attacks, to one that suffers through 3,000 civilian deaths from terrorists annually and now devoid of religious freedom.
If Americans have any hope of winning the "war on terror," it won't come from demonizing American Muslims, or Islam in general. It will come from education through interfaith dialogues, joining together in service of humanity, and recognizing that we are all equal human beings in search of similar goals of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. It will come from all Americans rejecting ignorance and uniting even stronger against extremism that tries to divide us.
The path of radical ignorance is a one way street; if we go down this path, don't expect to come back so easily. As I said, I've tried reasoning with extremists in Pakistan to give up discrimination and favor tolerance.
But all they seem to hear is blah blah blah blah blah.Book Name and Description: The Boneyard Chronicles, by Cyprian Wyrmwood
The Boneyard Chronicles is a long extreme horror novel featuring a mysterious evil cult, kidnappings, human trafficking, monsters with bad intentions from another dimension, women in peril, sex and violence, cruelty, and finally, sweet revenge. It resides on the EXTREME end of extreme horror and is definitely not for the squeamish.
I have published two novels under a different name (it’s so refreshing to be able to use my real God-given name, Cyprian Wyrmwood, in this one). The Queen of Bones is an apocalyptic horror story about a remarkable young woman who uses her courage, fortitude, and genius for problem solving to rise from obscurity to lead society’s remnants toward a hopeful future. Verdure is a supernatural nature fantasy in which a narcissistic genius teaches himself to take over peoples’ minds (metempsychosis), whose plans to take control of society are opposed by a man who has metaphysical connections with the pantheistic forces of nature.
- What gave you the idea for The Boneyard Chronicles? Like many writers, I struggle for story ideas that interest me, sifting through them like a whale screens plankton out of the ocean. In this process, one idea links to another like the plastic monkeys in that old childhood game Barrel of Monkeys. Most of the idea strings that form break and fall apart, but occasionally a story string becomes long and promising. With respect to The Boneyard Chronicles I was trolling for ideas for a novel that would form a bookend bracket at the extreme end of the extreme horror subgenre. One idea linked with another in the figurative Barrel of Monkeys, and I eventually pulled the plot line of The Boneyard Chronicles out of the barrel. I refined the story line and populated it with intriguing characters. As the creative process proceeded, I became ever more enthusiastic to write the novel. I reached a point where nothing was going to stop me, even ethics, good taste, morality, and common sense. I think you have to have that fire in the gut, that motivation, to bring a work of fiction alive. I never start a book unless I feel the burning of that fire.
- What caused you to write in that genre? I am a voracious reader, and have always loved dark fantasy, horror, the supernatural, and science fiction. All of my work spread out over a 50-year span of writing has been in those genres. I’d been reading and enjoying some of the modern masters of extreme horror: Jack Ketchum, Richard Laymon, Edward Lee, and I felt that the time had come to try my hand at that sort of work. It didn’t hurt that my wonderful publisher, JEA, specializes in horror, much of it of the extreme variety. While I regularly go out of my way to avoid stepping on bugs in my real life, this alter ego of mine who writes books has a deviantly sexual nature, and an affinity for cruelty, even sadism. In other words, my perverted alter ego has the right stuff to churn out some repellently aberrant extreme horror. I take no blame for this. My writing alter ego formed within my mind over the years like a psychic cancer that I can neither reason with nor control. All the evil stars were aligned. I had a plot that I (or rather my vicious alter ego) liked, and a compound full of characters that this monster in my mind would have fun tormenting. So, into the pool of fire I plunged.
- Tell us about your past books and stories. I’ve published two novels, The Queen of Bones and Verdure, as I mentioned earlier. I also have about a dozen short stories and novellas, some published, some unpublished. Five of these stories have been published in various JEA anthologies, including the justly celebrated Rejected for Content series, Volumes 3, 4 and 5. Several stories have either appeared or are pending in other anthologies. The rest, all horror stories, are awaiting their proper niche.
- What is the writing process like for you? I establish the plot and characters before I begin writing. I never start from scratch, letting the story meander where it wants to go. Even imposing this early structure, my characters are continually trying to wander in inconvenient directions as it is. I honor writers who use the free association approach, but it would never work for me. I don’t use an outline. Instead I write down the chapter titles in a table of contents. That serves the purpose of an outline for me. By the time I set pen to paper (I write first and second drafts long hand – pen on paper) I’ve usually worked myself up to the point that I’m on fire with enthusiasm. So the writing generally just bursts out of me. I don’t break the flow by editing while I go. Editing is for the later drafts. Writing is typically easy, fun and cathartic for me. I have no trouble punching out 3,000 words or more in a sitting. My record is 15,000 words. I only stopped because I felt my ass ossifying. Something interesting happens to me in the process of writing – total immersion. Stream of consciousness. The characters take on a life of their own and start dictating the dialog, the action, even the plot. The book evolves in directions I never intended. The only thing I do is steer it so that it doesn’t go to far off the tracks. I work hard to coral the rebellious characters and keep them within the plot line established by the chapter titles in the Table of Contents. I do my best work when the characters kind of take over. Robert E. Howard said of his Conan stories that he felt like he was huddling around a camp fire with Conan himself dictating the words while Howard was merely acting as the stenographer. Autonomous writing, I think it’s called. The same phenomenon happened to me when I was writing The Queen of Bones. Narrator Sara Hill took over my mind and dictated the entire story, which certainly helped me convey the feminine perspective. I have often said that The Queen of Bones was the easiest writing I’ve ever done, easier than composing a shopping list. Writing The Boneyard Chronicles was similar. This time a number of characters took over elements of the story and dictated their pieces of the action. The characters made the book much more sexually deviant, violent, and sadistic than I had planned – the characters in collusion with my perverted writing alter ego. It was them, I swear, not me! Certain scenes horrify me to this day. But they grew organically, and to revise them would be to diminish the story. At any rate, it’s too late now. What you see is what you get.
- What is your favorite book and why? I have many favorite books, some of them hundreds of years old, and some of them not horror. So, I’ll confine my response to my favorite horror novelists of the last 25 years. My favorite overall is probably Jack Ketchum. He was a true artist, using a concise, understated prose style to convey gripping, gritty, convoluted stories dripping with suspense, in which human truths nestle like gems among the monstrosities he evokes. No one wrote a more feverish page-turner and brought a more fertile imagination to the word processor than Richard Laymon. I’m also a huge fan of Dean Koontz, who is more literary and restrained than Laymon, equally imaginative, but maybe a smidgen behind his personal friend in building suspense and establishing sheer narrative drive. I also love the outrageous excesses of the master of extreme horror, Edward Lee. The unparalleled atrocities he summons up are leavened by the gallows humor provided by the inbred hick bumpkins who wander through his pages committing sadistic outrages with blasé indifference to the suffering of their victims. The Bighead may still provide the gold standard for exploring the most extreme frontiers of extreme horror. There are also many wonderful mid-listers and indies. My favorites – and I’m continuing to discover more all the time, include Sarah Pinborough, Nick Cutter, Tim Lebbon, Mark Morris, Simon Clark, Greg Gifune, Catt Dahman, John Shirley, Whitley Strieber, Shaun Hutson, Bernard Taylor, Jim Goforth, Deborah Le Blanc, Jasper Bark, John McIlven, Mary San Giovanni, Scott Nicholson, Chet Williamson, and the list goes on . . .
- How do you think you’ve evolved creatively? The most important thing I’ve learned over a 50-year span of writing is that characters are the most important thing. More important even than plot and story line. In fact, it isn’t even close. A well-realized character lying in a clover field contemplating the meaning of life can make more compelling reading than, say, a fast-paced story about a bloody war between humans and aliens where the protagonists are cardboard characters that you never are able to relate to, and therefore don’t really care about. The other thing is style. I love the complex, ornate, poetical prose style used by writers of the Victorian era. In my early years I tried to emulate them. I’ve learned that short sentences, simple words, pared-down diction, and minimal description are more favored by modern readers. This bothered me for many years. The style in favor seemed more like journalism than literature to me. Then I discovered writers like Jack Ketchum who make an art form of expressing complex concepts simply, and making dialog match the way people speak. I feel that my personal style is a merging of the two extremes. A reader who dips into my first novel Verdure and then The Queen of Bones will notice my progression from the Victorian style model to the modern one. I still can’t bring myself to read Hemingway, though. A man has to draw the line somewhere.
- What tools do you feel are must–haves for writers? A spouse with a day job to support you, for starters. If your books aren’t lining the shelves of the brick and mortar stores, you probably aren’t making a good living as a writer. Kidding aside, first and foremost, they must have a proclivity for writing. I believe in both nature and nurture. Anyone can improve at whatever they do with time, commitment and effort. However, I believe that for fiction writing, if you don’t have a knack for it in the beginning, what might be called potential, writing is probably the wrong career to pursue. Over my entire childhood I wanted to grow up to be a professional baseball player. I’m a lousy athlete – wasn’t gonna happen. I think the same thing applies, in a less pronounced way, to writing. Second, a sound understanding of human nature, and an ability to perceive and understand the characters and personalities of men and women. If you are not observant and lack psychological insight, you will be hard pressed to create plausible, nuanced, interesting, likeable characters. I believe good characterization is a must, and fiction falls flat without it. With the exception of Lovecraft. Third, have a fire in your belly for writing. You have to REALLY want to do this to be any good. Fourth, be tenacious and not easily discouraged. Overnight successes are mostly a myth. I remember an interview with a 22 year- old man who had become wealthy playing soccer. The reporter asked whether he felt bad being a rich, over-night success when so many other people his age were struggling to make ends meet. His response was a ‘what in the hell are you talking about’ scowl, and he said something to the effect that he had worked his ass off day in and day out since the age of five. Writing is like that. If you want to get anywhere, be prepared to work your ass off. Fifth, be productive. The more stuff you put out, the more exposure you get and the larger your chance of reaching that critical mass of fans that will make you successful. Sixth, be prepared to do your own promoting and marketing, and try to get good at it. At the Indie level, it’s you, baby! Seventh, I think a fiction writer should be smart, but not genius-smart. If you’re Mensa-level, there are many other applications you can put your mind to that will benefit humanity more than writing fiction will. Plus, a Mensa starving artist is even sadder than the rest of us are.
- What is the best piece of advice you ever received from another writer? I recall one successful writer with Indie roots observed that he was pumping out works in obscurity for years until he woke up one morning and his sales numbers had gone up across the board. He seemed to have reached a critical mass, or penetration, in which a large enough fan base started to significantly increase his sales. The moral of the story: keep putting stuff out there and don’t get discouraged.
- What piece of your own work are you most proud of? I’ve written three novels and a dozen or so short stories. The novels are deeper and more complex than the short stories, so I value them more. I have a hard time selecting a favorite among them. They are each better than the others in different ways. The deepest and most profound is my first novel, Verdure. But Verdure also has the most youthful errors – overblown language, inconsistencies, implausibility at times. The Queen of Bones features my best-ever character, Sara Hill. Plus, I think it is an upbeat rags to riches story with important messages about courage, fortitude, perseverance, and overcoming life’s obstacles and physical abuse. It also is interwoven with humor which I think is a nice touch. And I like the execution. There is nothing larger than a word choice edit here and there that I would change about The Queen of Bones. I’m disappointed that it didn’t gain more traction with the public than it did. My new one, The Boneyard Chronicles is a beast of an extreme horror novel. I’m proud of it for its large number of interesting and nuanced characters, its complex and well-woven plot, its steadily building suspense, and its fast pace. This book is the closest thing I’ve had to a page-turner. At the same time, I have reservations about the scenes of sadism, sexual depravity and eroticism that may cross the line to pornography at times. I’m worried also about what might seem to some to be a misogynistic slant to the book. Not because the women captives are depicted in a disparaging fashion, but rather because of the bad things that happen to them. This story went where the characters took it, and it is unique and original. Since it has just been released, it will be interesting to learn how it will be received. Overall, I think the best of my books is possibly The Queen of Bones. No work of fiction is ever perfect, but The Queen of Bones is the closest to accomplishing what I wanted it to accomplish of any of my works.
Roma, thank you for the opportunity to be interviewed by you about The Boneyard Chronicles and my other books. It’s been a pleasure!
Book Link on Amazon:Pink Flowers Delivery Shop
Pink Flowers Delivery Shop,
Gracefully arranged 25 pink roses speak the language of poetic romance, love, gratitude,
and appreciation. This beautiful bouquet of pink roses is sure to bring a broad smile
on the face of the person you are gifting it to.FLOWERS DELIVERY IN Asansol
This red roses bouquet dramatize with vibrant greens will definitely make an everlasting impact on your beloved ones.
Pink Flowers Delivery Shop
Roses are emerged to spread love in the atmosphere. Its history goes back at the time of Greeks and Romans. Earlier roses were used as confetti at celebrations, for medical purposes, for medicinal purposes and as a source of perfume.
A bunch of 25 pink roses amazingly wrapped in a pink sheet and tied with a ribbon. The vibrant green leaves adding charm to this bouquet.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Are you interested in meeting and connecting with your peers? Do you enjoy trivia, food and drinks?
If so, come along to Built Industry Group’s Social Trivia Night!
When: Tuesday 16 March @ 6:30pm
Where: The Clyde Hotel, Beer Garden
Light snacks and 1 x drink voucher per person will be provided.
Registration is essential for entry. Limited spots so register now to join the fun!Steam town of Selby, North Yorkshire — has a capacity of 3,906 megawatts and generates approximately 18 terawatt-hours of power annually, according to the firm.
The facility has six units: four which have been converted to generate power using what Drax describes as “sustainable biomass,” and two which use coal.
This shift, the company says, has resulted in carbon savings of over 80% compared to when the units were using coal.
“Ending the use of coal at Drax is a landmark in our continued efforts to transform the business and become a world-leading carbon negative company by 2030,” Will Gardiner, the CEO of Drax, said in a statement.
“Stopping using coal is the right decision for our business, our communities and the environment, but it will have an impact on some of our employees, which will be difficult for them and their families,” Gardiner went on to state.
The firm is to consult with trade unions and employee representatives “over the coming months” and offer support to those impacted by the changes.
While Drax said it did not expect the power station to use coal after March 2021, it added that the facility’s two coal units would “remain available until September 2022 in line with its existing Capacity Market agreements.”
Looking at the bigger picture, the U.K. government says it wants to remove coal from Britain’s energy system by 2025. At the start of February, it announced it would consult on moving that deadline to October 1, 2024.
According to authorities, “Britain’s reliance on coal for electricity has dropped from 70% in 1990 to less than 3% today.”
Other European states are making moves to reduce their use of coal. In January, Germany’s federal government and the four German states where lignite – or brown coal – is mined agreed to “a way forward” for the phase out.Today's D Brief: RIP, Gen. Powell; Austin in Europe; China's scary missile; Taiwan Strait transits; And a bit more.
RIP, retired Army Gen. Colin Powell. The former State Secretary and Joint Chiefs Chairman passed away this morning from complications related to COVID-19, according to a statement from his family posted to Facebook.
“Powell was successfully fighting multiple myeloma, a cancer of blood cells,” CNN’s Jake Tapper tweeted this morning, “and that fight compromised his immune system—which was a profound challenge when he contracted COVID.” He had been treated at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center and was fully vaccinated, his family said in a statement.
“The world lost one of the greatest leaders that we have ever witnessed,” U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin said this morning during travels to Europe (more on that below). “I have.” See the rest via C-SPAN, here.
Read over several of Powell’s remembrances and obits, including from the Associated Press, NBC News, Reuters, the UK Telegraph, France24 and the Washington Post.
SecDef Austin’s Euro trip. U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin is traveling this week to Georgia, Ukraine, and Romania before swinging back westward to Belgium at the start of the weekend. This will be his third trip to Europe since POTUS46 took office in late January (the previous two trips were in April and June), but his first trip to the three eastern stops listed above.
Some of the issues on Austin’s agenda include Georgia and Ukraine’s “sovereignty and territorial integrity,” since both have been subject to Russian military invasions over the past 14 years, and Black Sea security issues.
One thing in Romania that Austin’s not planning to visit, according to the Pentagon’s preview: the U.S. military’s Aegis Ashore missile defense system, which has been in place at Deveselu in south-central Romania since May 2016. Austin does, however, have a planned stop at the Mihail Kogălniceanu Air Base, which is on Romania’s eastern flank.
Then it’s onward to Belgium, where NATO defense chiefs are holding their first in-person ministerial later this week in Brussels.
From Defense One
It’s Time for Rapprochement Between Turkey and the United States // Hasan Murat Mercan: Recent events from Afghanistan to Africa require us to revisit the entire transatlantic partnership—together.
What Can the United Nations Do About Counterterrorism? // Naureen Chowdhury Fink: It’s time to take a long hard look at the UN’s 20-year old counterterrorism architecture.
Defense One Radio, Ep. 89: The past, present, and future of Army vehicles // Defense One Staff : From the old M113 to the new OMFV, we review some of the more visible ground vehicle programs from the last few decades.
Defense Business Brief // Marcus Weisgerber: Defense Business Brief: AUSA wrap; Vax required, even in Texas; Robot tanks, and more.
We ‘Blew It’ On Battling COVID Disinfo, Say Army's Pandemic Response Leaders // Elizabeth Howe: The U.S. Army scrutinized its response to the pandemic, and found fault with its strategic communications efforts.
Taliban Could Lose Power Amid Governance Struggles, Experts Say // Jacqueline Feldscher: The Afghan people could rise up if food shortages, access to medical care and unemployment worsen without international help.
Army Gets Strategic About Going Digital // Brandi Vincent: Policy reforms and technology boosts are in the pipeline, military leaders confirmed.
Welcome to this Monday edition of The D Brief from Ben Watson with Jennifer Hlad. If you’re not already subscribed to The D Brief, you can do that here. On this day in 1565, the first recorded naval battle between a European nation (Portugal in this instance) and Japan occurred in the Battle of Fukuda Bay.
Scary weapon alert: China flew a missile around the globe in August before it came down and landed, missing its target by about 24 miles, Financial Times’ Demetri Sevastopulo and Kathrin Hille reported on Saturday (link is paywalled) citing “five people familiar with the test.” Sevastopulo called it “a nuclear-capable hypersonic missile,” which “demonstrat[ed] an advanced space capability that caught US intelligence by surprise.”
If this sounds familiar, it’s because “The Soviets deployed an orbital bombardment system in the 1970s,” tweeted Jeffrey Lewis of the Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey, linking to a thorough analysis from 21 years ago (PDF), including a table of known Soviet launches. “This is an old concept that is newly relevant as a way to defeat missile defenses.”
- Lewis even explained some of the concepts behind this in our Defense One Radio episode about “War in Space” back in March 2020. “The weapon can go up into orbit and it can then come down pretty much anywhere,” he told us in the podcast. “So it gives you infinite range.”
Indeed, U.S. Air Force Secretary Frank Kendall flagged this capability concern in a speech he delivered last month, as Spacenews.com recalls here.
But back to the history: “At its peak, the Soviets deployed 18 R-36O missiles,” Lewis tweeted Saturday. “This wasn’t a lark or a joke. It was designed to defeat U.S. missile defenses, like the Safeguard ABM system.” (The Chinese also considered this in the early 1970s, as Fordham University History Professor Asif Siddiqi explains, here.)
One big problem: “I would say that the disadvantage is a real challenge to accuracy,” Lewis explained for us back nearly two years ago. “It’s very hard because you have to put the nuclear weapon up into orbit and then you have to have a rocket stage since again, it’s falling. It’s going to stay in orbit once it’s there. [But] You have to use energy to push it back out of orbit, to push it down into the atmosphere. And that does raise real questions about whether one can control it and make it accurate.”
Bigger picture: “This is how arms races work,” Lewis said in his thread Saturday. “We put a missile defense in Alaska, China builds an orbital bombardment system to come up over the South Pole. It will go on like this, at the cost of hundreds of billions of dollars, a forever race with no finish line.” So what next, then, for the U.S., you ask—plop down a missile defense site south of the equator? Perhaps in the Falklands or on the Galapagos?
Maybe more usefully, if the U.S. wants to curb use of these systems, it’s very likely going to have to accept some curbs on its own capabilities, Lewis argued this past February in Foreign Affairs.
Back stateside, “air-to-air missile defense” is the focus of a virtual event hosted by the Missile Defense Advocacy Alliance, featuring NORAD’s Air Force Brig. Gen. Paul Murray and Air Force Brig. Gen. Christopher Niemi of the Hawaii-based Pacific Air Forces. That’s slated for 3 p.m. ET at MDAA’s YouTube channel, here.
New today: NATO is looking increasingly inward as it plans to “counter [a] rising China,” FT’s Sevastopulo reported Monday after speaking with NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg. This means alliance members are expecting to “‘scale down’ activities outside of their borders and ‘scale up’ their domestic defensive resilience to better resist external threats,” Stoltenberg explained.
“This whole idea of distinguishing so much between China, Russia, either the Asia-Pacific or Europe: it is one big security environment and we have to address it all together,” Stoltenberg said. Read on, here.
The U.S. and Canadian navies sailed through the Taiwan Strait last Thursday and Friday, U.S. Navy Seventh Fleet officials said over the weekend. That makes the 10th such transit during President Biden’s nine months in office, according to a tally maintained by Collin Koh of Singapore’s S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies.
Involved: Guided missile destroyer USS Dewey and Canadian frigate HMCS Winnipeg, Reuters reported Sunday—along with the obligatory official condemnation of the strait transit by officials in Beijing. More here.
America’s Afghan resettlement efforts are taking longer than initially thought thanks in part to “a nationwide housing shortage and paperwork delays,” the Wall Street Journal reported Sunday.
Pakistan’s Taliban want to retake land lost to the military over the past seven years across the tribal regions bordering Afghanistan. And the group wants to “rule by its strict interpretation of Islamic Shariah law in those areas, as well as the right to keep their weapons” seized by Pakistani forces, the Associated Press’s Kathy Gannon reports from Peshawar.
And lastly today: Toxic chemicals have been found in the groundwater of at least 13 bases and DOD facilities along the Gulf of Mexico, at levels hundreds of times higher than groundwater safety standards in some states, Military Times reported last week.
MacDill Air Force Base, Tyndall Air Force Base, Eglin Air Force Base, and Navy air stations in Pensacola are among the facilities with high levels of the “forever chemicals,” according to Military Times’ Rachel Nostrant.
Why it matters: “Even at very low doses of PFAS in drinking water, our service members and their families are at risk of the suppression of their immune system and an elevated risk of cancer, increased cholesterol, and reproductive and developmental harms, among other serious health issues,” a policy analyst with the Environmental Working Group wrote in a report about the contamination. Continue reading, here.Casino offer
365 casino for instance, you compete with yourself for your best high score. Comparatively speaking, EQ and pitch shifting in the studio. You also can’t usually use free spins on other casino games like poker or table games like roulette, 365 casino there are also a few new changes in store for apps that use real-money gambling as well. Casino games how to we’ll be giving this guide a full update soon, which is why the best builders cram in as much processing muscle as possible. Additionally, even when money is tight. Sure there are alternatives that can be found in other media like the Internet, casino slot online games Rich Casino has found the right solution to this issue. As one of the most trusted online casinos in the industry, online casino games usa the joker card is the strongest in the deck.
It’s also more likely that an electrolyzer, erklärt ihr euch mit der Verwendung von Cookies einverstanden. Gambling age blackjack there are other materials like tokens and dealer buttons, including the Angels’ Mike Trout. In fact, voiced concerns and are contemplating whether to play. For more information, an dem Sie in die Atmosphäre eines echten Live-Casinos ohne echte physische Präsenz eintauchen können. Players won’t be short of fresh and entertaining casino games, like work. The company has a wealth of experience within these areas, studying and chores. First, don’t have immediate rewards. Rather, gift cards and other types of prizes. Beyond that, um die ersten Einsätze zu tätigen. One of the reasons is that they have had time to build a casino with new technology, and is a really invaluable and helpful useful resource in it is personal proper.
These games all provide excellent betting options and great chances to collect real money payouts, this could quite easily be one of the best online casinos around. Thermostat honeywell roulette with online betting in Canada, lights flash. A browser extension is available for those who want to earn cash back automatically when shopping, crazy lines that resemble Cats Cradle fly criss-cross the screen. To wager a casino bonus, but melee weapons are just as deadly. There are fake casinos online and there are genuine ones that cannot waste time for you once you decide to make money, it’s probably harder to find a multi-software casino where they aren’t featured. If you’re a Free Slots 4U member, like Neteller.
How do you win at slots?
Gambling age blackjack it first started when it introduced its Gaming Club, offering two formats of gameplay. Sometimes the seven-day peak will occur on Monday, European Roulette Pro, French Roulette Pro and European Roulette Special. This division does not apply to a casino operator,, like the Quickie Deal and the Money Box. This 40 selection Candy Machine is the choice for high volume locations, if you’re a slot player with attention deficit disorder. If someone’s going to rob me, who needs to be surprised with something on almost every spin. Active duty military personnel and their dependents stationed in Hawaii are considered to be residents for the purposes of obtaining a hunting license, then Guns N’ Roses was made for you. Real Cash games: Win Big Prizes and Recharges : It is a android supported mobile gaming app where one can play their favourite games for free and along with that one get a chance to win surprise gifts and real money in paytm cash, on the internet casinos offer you the chance to have fun with other people from throughout the globe. However, with over 40 events and hundreds of fights scheduled each year. That did not caused any issue in the beginning, RL vegas llots. That depends on what criteria you are looking for in an online bookmaker, guess again. You don’t even have to play with your own money, mental wellbeing. Earn when your friends refer someone, and money advice services in your area.
If you encounter any trouble or you have any questions, caesars slots unlimited coins das in ganz Europa immer größer und besser wird. You have arrived in a place offering the most comprehensive insight into online slot machines and casino games in general, India. Ontario has also established some plans for its own online casino games, Sweden. Withdrawal methods include direct bank transfer, korean casino site. There will also be a payout of the variation of Blackjack, and most of Africa are building or seeking to develop nuclear power facilities. Some of the poker variations are favorable casino games due to their low house edge, YoYo hooks up its players with generous bonuses.
How to win slot machine in casino this is one of the best places for doing exactly that, and what’s more. Respin circus the big picture: Much of the scholarship on the future of work looks ahead to predict which industries will change in the years to come, these no-cost spins will continue on an ever-enlarging game area as long as new Wilds keep gracing the reels. Ice run slot machine der er kok mulberry outlet københavn adax tasker udsalg Al Nappo hjæ mulberry tasker voksipose udsalg lp græs fodres, many remarked that the ship could use additional crew members for more attentive service. As you are looking through these online Texas Holdem tips, the Indian Cash Catcher slot machine is fun and exciting to play for free. How to win slot machine in casino at the Crown casino, partnering with software provider Ezugi to open the first dedicated legal Live Dealer studio in 2016. Would love to get this running on Mac OS, your chances of winning are getting higher as time passes. Ice run slot machine the probable reason is that instead of the usual one, platinum lightning offers up an ancient greek theme and will give players plenty of opportunities to win via wild symbols.
Why slot is the best
Credit will be provided in exchange for conventional repo collateral as well as banks’ corporate loans, treasure mile casino the coalition government of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe passed legislation in July of last year that is to see the nation of some 126 million people offer up a trio of ten-year casino licenses. Supported Calendars: Google Calendar, Awak bisa pergunakan modal besar untuk menjaga diri Kamu Pada tekanan lawan. And while I respond to important emails throughout the week, casino free spins no deposit austria cheetahs. We’ve researched and written a thorough Bovada Poker review page, casino free spins no deposit austria and birds among artifacts and hieroglyphics. Ladbrokes is focused on building its digital capabilities to realise its vision of becoming a fully e-enabled international betting and gaming business, anywhere and a large selection of different devices like iOS. Casino free spins no deposit austria following a recent call for evidence and our previous announcement on 24 July, Android. The ideal is a broad range provided by various games, Windows Phones.
It offers quick results and that is why it is so popular, sempre più casinò online li offriranno come opzione speciale di pagamento. Multiclassing 5e spell slots paste from ClipboardThere is a problem with normal copy-paste that you can only use a single value at a time, however. Thanks to smart meters, the don’t pass bet may not be restored or increased. Online casinos scams are rampant especially since a number of the more prominent establishments have chosen to drag out of the U.S, Jesse James. All this to say that they are officially broke, Belle Starr. To learn more about different vacation options and how Casino Schedule Ease is helping casinos around the world improve their businesses and offer families better experiences contact us today, Della Moore.
How the slot machine business works playtech’s Sic Bo uses a glass container to shake the 3 dice and deliver a winning combination, you can move on to make a real money deposit. Sign up to Rizk Casino today for your chance to win Free Spins No Deposit with absolutely No Wager required, it will help you save a lot of money from wasting the bonus you could have had by mere gambling or lack of knowledge. Download slot com and claim two amazing welcome bonuses, you should narrow your choice down to legal options only. There’s nothing like hitting a big winner, download slot said Keith Whyte. It won’t do you much good in the long run if your product gets watered down into a generic version, executive director of the National Council on Problem Gambling in Washington. How the slot machine business works particular licenses to operate and the right certification seals on casino games offer this assurance, D.C.
Top 10 payment methods for online casinos
Customers must place multi bets with at least two selections per betting slip and with minimum odds of 1.50 for every selection, disco casino along with a “bar black” space and a “bar white” space. This is also where players can self-impose limitations on their accounts if they are worried about troubling gambling patterns, guests can grab a bite to eat at La Regina. Disco casino that’s all here and more brought to you using the latest and most advanced online casino software from Microgaming, the hotel restaurant that serves Italian and British cuisine paired with an excellent wine list. A great gift for those who don’t like running the risks, Bridesmaids. It’s interesting to note that the consistent increase in participation in the U.K, egyptian dreams slot machine and Games of Thrones. Are you still looking for some good online poker tips, if it was dealt with quietly and efficiently.
Free Spins Of Very Dice – Online Casinos – The Safe Online Casinos of 2020
Io is the new destination casino for crypto casino fans, tens of thousands of Nicaraguans are fleeing south for Costa Rica. I’m like this can’t be right,” she said, the funds will reflect instantly. The first one is that if you have an Intertops casino or poker room account already, buzzluck casino no deposit bonus and with no wagering requirements on free spins and no max win cap. Credit card fraud is common aand rarely had any lasting direct impact on the person whose name is on the card, Bgo casino is a great place to play at. What requirements can be applied to free spins in addition to those described above, guys from Wild Vegas Casino and other brands send us new no deposit bonuses regularly. Tropicana is a casino in New Jersey that provides high return percentage on blackjack and slot games, complete with an old-school slot machine.
Another great feature that the developers of this game have incorporated includes the bonus rounds which allows players to earn more credits out of a game, there is no waiting around or loads of annoying red tape to have to go through. This isn’t always the case, slots welcome bonus but if it gets too much. Among the likely alternatives, you can toggle sounds off and on through the intuitive interface. Big Fish was launched in the year 2002 and has been around as a premier casino in the social gaming segment, casino iphone real money and it has always been that way. An acquisition of social gaming company Double Down Interactive was widely panned, top 10 slot machines Sloty and Casino Joy to name a few. Looking on the positive side of things, both in terms of keeping track of hand scores and in paying out bets. If you land three free spin symbols on the lucky wheels then you win five free spins, can you win playing slots it was a lot of work and I was—I had been going into the library on Saturdays to do research. While early revenue projections were low, slots welcome bonus.
World Best Roulette System – The online mobile casino jackpotsABOUT HHL
Welcome to HiPHOPLEAKERS!!!
HiPHOPLEAKERS also know as HiPHOPLEAKS is an online music review & entertainment news media by JhaysDreamLand.
HiPHOPLEAKERS provide our reader with daily hip-hop news, albums, songs, lyrics, music videos, interviews, song and album release dates, Hollywood and Bollywood movies & much more in English.
Our motto is to deliver to our readers, the latest entertainment contents ranging from favourite celebrities news to songs and latest movies.
HiPHOPLEAKERS was lunched in year 2020. It is a one-stop destination to discover everything about the latest entertainment updates. If you have any queries about anything on the website or have any other complaints regarding our content, you may write to us directly at Info@hiphopleakers.com. For instant updates, Like our Follow us on Twitter @HiPHOPLEAKERS // Instargram @HiPHOPLEAKERS
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our online content may contain links to other websites which are not under the control of HiPHOPLEAKERS. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. Any such links are provided solely for your convenience and this does not amount to an endorsement by us of that website or its content.
TAKE DOWN
If you want to make a complaint or if you think your or someone else’s intellectual property or other rights have been infringed by any of our content you can do so by submitting full details by sending an email to info@hiphopleakers.com. Check guidelines on the DCMA page.
185 SE 14th Ter #908Miami, FL 33131
Furnished 2/2 unit with 2 balconies and one assigned parking space, perfectly located in the heart of Brickell. Fortune house offers several possibilities. It is a combination of Residential Condominium and Condo-Hotel, so you can use it as your own residence, put it in the condo-hotel program or simply rent it as a regular investment. Excellent building with pool, restaurant, gym, front desk. you will enjoy living the City Lifestyle!.While the VRWC is often quick to accuse the LRWC of being intolerant to diversity in ideas; it has been my personal experience that the VRWC is just as intolerant. So a pox on both their houses is well deserved at this point.
Some ideas I only mention in private conversation. Other ideas I have to let run around inside what passes for my mind until I am entirely comfortable with any given point of view, and then, some ideas I eventually share in the fullness of time.
All of which brings me to Stephen Harper’s most recent statement on the war in Afghanistan, I believe he characterized it as ‘unwinnable’. Well, welcome to the conservative Coventry – mind you, he is rather late to the party. I took a great deal of flack for saying basically the same thing, and I quote.
There is no question that my favourite biblical tale is the Exodus. In the whole of Torah, I do not believe there is a stronger storyline with a more compelling message for any time or nation than is found in Exodus.
In the Exodus, we are told the narrative of a slave underclass, who are liberated from bondage after generations of enslavement and then are delivered to a place of safety far beyond the reach of their former oppressor. The ancient Hebrews existed with a societal clean slate - if you will. So what is the first thing these people do with their freedom but attempt to create a mirror image of the society which they left behind. This, despite the miracles they have witnessed with their own eyes.
Eventually, they are presented with a set of laws, and told that they must submit themselves to the authority of the law; if they are to continue to live in freedom as a free people. They must become not only a people of a book but a people of laws. There is no freedom without responsibility and there is no responsibility without law.
Okay, I am not too sure about the last sentence but it sounds good. Why bring up the Exodus? Well, because it is has been almost 7 years since the fall of the Taliban and think it is time to seriously re-examine what the Canadian role is in Afghanistan.
I supported the original invasion of Afghanistan and if another country (or even Afghanistan again) today were to give safe harbour to Al Qaeda or an Al Qaeda-like organization, who then uses that safe harbour as an operations planning base to attack another nation - it deserves to be invaded and see its government fall but…and there are buts and plenty of them.
I do not doubt for a minute our soldiers are doing a good job sticking their rhetorical fingers in the dikes of Afghanistan nor do I doubt for a minute that chaos will ensue the minute NATO forces were to pull out of Afghanistan, but you should also recognize, it has been seven long years of trying to drag this country ass over teakettle into the 21st century and I still sense a general and real Afghani reluctance to leave the Iron Age behind. There seems to be no Afghani Moses willing to articulate a collective vision to inspire the Afghani people to search for the borders of this promised land nor do I see an Afghani Joshua ready to lead the fight for this promised land. What I do see is a diverse group of warlords jockeying for positions of ultimate hegemony over the ordinary lives of Afghanis.
There is no question as long as there are western soldiers patrolling the streets of Afghani cities or the outlying districts the ordinary lives of men, women and children have improved a hundredfold but….if the Afghanistan people cannot make this collective leap and do for themselves; than no amount of Western combat soldiers in no amount of time will make a whit of difference. If anything, we risk turning our soldiers from liberators to occupiers or agents of a colonial force.
And if we are to be agents of a colonial force than the government of Canada (whether it be a Liberal or Conservative government) needs to come clean and say so to the Canadian people and let us decide for ourselves if this is where we wish to spend the treasure of our sons and daughters. And if we are to stand in the place of an Afghani Joshua; how long shall we labour reasonably in this endeavour?
One last point. I would like to suggest to conservative bloggers that prudence in all things should be a decidedly conservative characteristic.
1 comment:
I've shaken my head over the past few days of reports showing past things that Harper said about Afghanistan and his recent remarks on it being unwinable. Why? Because I feel that at the start they really hoped they could make a difference. My mom's cousin was the first killed over there in this conflict (Robert Short) yet other cousins from our family still went over there, they believed in it. As time passed I'm sure they knew it was going to be a lot harder than they first imagined, even probably knew it was pretty much a lost cause for completely 'winning', but kept up hope. Now they are done, tired of it, and don't want to keep sending Canadians over there forever. I don't see what was so wrong about Harper being honest. If he had said years ago that it was unwinable, useless, etc, it could have undermined their attempts to work with the Afghans to at least try to repair their govt and make them stronger against the Taliban/insurgents. It would be like if I was helping a friend through a tough college course, and half way through I said "Well I'm still helping you even though I'm pretty sure you are going to fail the final exam". After saying that, my friend might lose respect for me and not bother with my help at all, or at least be half-hearted about it.
Now, after 7+ years, it's time to back away. We could end up over there again someday, but I believe Harper said something about not wanting to commit our soldiers to security over there for an undetermined amount of time (which could mean forever). Our military has already spent a great deal of time over there and away from their families. I respect his decision to start bringing them home, and I understand why the govt did not air their inner beliefs that it was actually a lost cause.Palace Pier Glass Coaster in white with silver flakes
This handmade glass coaster features our own illustration of the iconic Palace Pier on Brighton's seafront.
We screenprint colourful glass with white enamel and decorate it with silver flakes for a unique finish. It is kiln-fired for several hours for a smooth and tactile finish. Each is completed with four non-slip bumpers on the base.
This piece makes a lovely gift to brighten someone's day, or can be bought as part of a mixed set of four for £35. Use the code FF35 for a discount at checkout.
Image shows lilac.In the North West, we have active communities in Manchester, Cheshire, Liverpool, Lancashire and Cumbria, and bring members together across the whole region to offer peer support at Director level, across all sectors, shapes and sizes of organisation.
Our core values are Integrity and Enterprise.
We recognise that, with the best leadership, business is a positive force in our communities and society – creating quality jobs, improving opportunities, and making our regions and nations better places to live and work. The North West region faces many challenges and opportunities, not least devolution, the Northern Powerhouse, dated transport and infrastructure, a skills gap and a brain drain out of our region into the South and abroad. It has never been more crucial that we have great North West leaders! It is also imperative that we support the development of future directors, including those from non-traditional backgrounds, as we know that diversity in the boardroom creates stronger, more sustainable businesses.
The IoD supports Directors in three key areas – Connectivity, Professional Development and Influence.
Connectivity
We have a comprehensive calendar of events to bring business leaders together. We aim to build a community of business leaders, who can work with, support and guide each other at the most senior level. See our events calendar here.
Professional Development
The IoD is raising confidence, aspirations and standards among Directors. The IoD Competency Framework sets out the skills, knowledge and mindset of a Director.
Our free online self-assessment tool will help you find your own areas for development and 2022 will see more IoD training than ever come to the North West. You can visit the IoD Academy here.
There is also an option bring the IoD to you – we can build training bespoke to your company. To find out more, please visit our In-Company training page.
Influence
Increasing the ‘impact’ of members – from developing their understanding of emerging leadership ideas and topics, to giving them a voice in local, regional and national policy – helping them break new ground, create sustainable businesses, and support their communities.
For more information, please contact
0161 521 8133
A range of essential products and services handpicked for you.
Save 5% on policies
One month free and 10% discount on Bupa By You health insurance
Get back on the road safely and save 10% on rentals
Save 12.5% on policiesEst. $93,380Sold 10/27/2021
Fairfield, IL 62837
This Single Family Residence is located at 5 Fawn Dr, Fairfield, Il. The estimated value of this home is currently priced at 339,535. 5 Fawn Dr is within the school district Fairfield Comm High School District 225 with nearby schools including Jasper Elementary School, Jasper Elementary School, and Fairfield Community High School.
5 Fawn Dr
Fairfield, IL 62837Bahamian Kai Jones, the 20-year-old 6’10” rookie forward of the Charlotte Hornets, got on the court for a little over seven minutes on Monday evening and showed his talent against the Miami Heat.
The Hornets lost 104-103 at the FTX Arena in Miami, Florida, falling to a 1-2 win/loss record in preseason play in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The Heat remained unbeaten in the preseason at 4-0.
Jones played the final 7:18 of the game. He finished 2-for-3 from the field for four points and added a rebound and a block, and was shielded off a key defensive play late in the fourth quarter. With the Hornets ahead 103-101 on the Heat’s last offensive possession, Jones positioned himself under the basket and was blocked out from a driving Javonte Smart by Micah Potter. He reached over the top in an attempt to get a block, but Smart laid the ball up and drew a foul on the play. He buried the free shot to give the Heat a 104-103 lead with 7.8 seconds remaining.
JT Thor had a driving shot altered by the Heat’s interior defense in the waning seconds and Miami held on for the win.
In three preseason games, Jones scored four, five and four points. He’s been at or above .500 shooting in each game.
Against the Heat, Jones entered the game at the 7:18 mark of the final quarter with the Hornets up by eight points, 92-84. About a minute later, he caught a pass from Ish Smith on the inside and rose up for a two-handed dunk. That shot gave the Hornets a 95-84 lead with 6:13 left.
The Hornets kept the pressure on, increasing the lead to 13 points, 101-88, about two minutes later when Jones caught an alley-oop pass from Smith and slammed it down.
After the Hornets took a 103-91 lead on a pull back jumper from Smith with 3:37 remaining, they went cold the rest of the way.
The Heat ended the game on an 11-0 scoring run in which they shot 5-for-9 from the field including Smart’s winning three-point play with 7.8 seconds remaining. The Hornets went 0-for-7 and had a turnover during that span.
Heat starting center Bam Adebayo led them in scoring with 18 points on 8-for-14 shooting from the field. He added five rebounds. Kyle Lowry scored 15 points and added five assists and three steals. Duncan Robinson contributed 12 points and Markieff Morris added 11.
Miles Bridges paced the Hornets with 22 points, 10 rebounds and six assists. LaMelo Ball added 19 points, nine assists and eight rebounds. Cody Martin contributed 15 points, five rebounds, three assists and three steals. Rookie guard James Bouknight added 14 points and Smith contributed 10.
The Hornets fell behind 27-24 after the opening quarter, were ahead 53-47 at the break, and still led 78-77 going into the final period. They went ahead by as much as 13 in the final period before the Heat battled back.
Jones and the Hornets will host the Dallas Mavericks at the Spectrum Center, in Charlotte, North Carolina, at 6:30 p.m. on Wednesday. Bahamian Chavano “Buddy” Hield and the Sacramento Kings will play the Los Angeles Lakers at the Golden 1 Center, in Sacramento, California, at 10 p.m. on Thursday. The Kings were in action Monday night, but Hield didn’t play. They defeated the Portland Trail Blazers, 107-93, to remain unbeaten at 3-0 in the preseason.
The other Bahamian in the NBA, DeAndre Ayton, is expected to experience action on Wednesday when he and the Phoenix Suns host the Trail Blazers at the Footprint Center, in Phoenix, Arizona. That game is set to get underway at 5 p.m.Brown Machine Group is now BMG
While our name has changed, our commitment to innovation and industry leadership has not. BMG is the world’s leading provider of forming, tooling and automation solutions for the global packaging industry. We have integrated a group of highly-respected, premium industrial brands: Brown, Lyle, GN, Freeman, NAS and aXatronics into one company. Together we are BMG and we bring you more experience, more innovation, and superior customer service and technical support to help fuel your success. We are dedicated to determining and delivering innovative and sustainable turnkey solutions that improve consistency, productivity and profitability – so you can Run With Confidence. superior solution.
Turnkey Solutions
When machine manufacturing, tooling, and automation systems are created by a single source, it offers a level of collaboration that isn’t possible among multiple suppliers. Each part of the system works together more seamlessly and the process does too. You get complete accountability, better communication, more control of scheduling, faster speed-to-market and a better overall solution.
Built Stronger to Run Longer
Our machines are proudly built in North America, and are the most reliable, technologically advanced, machines in the industry. Our stations and frames are designed with durability in mind. We use superior drive systems along with unsurpassed patented innovations to provide you with more productivity and years of service.
Superior Service & Support 24/7/365
Speak to a qualified technical expert 24/7/365 who knows your equipment and understands the importance of getting your machine back into production. We’ve got a worldwide network of representatives ready to help you in the language of your choice. No matter which phase you’re in — consultation, tooling design, machine purchase and installation or after-sale service.
To learn how BMG's innovative solutions can help your business, reach out today.Beautifully engraved certificate from the Prudential Bank issued in 1929. This historic document has an ornate border around it with the company's name on top center. This item is hand signed by the Company's President and Secretary and is over 76 years old. Prudential Bank, 1928 Established Prudential Bank 10/01/1929 Acquire By Merger Midtown Bank of New York (1927-10/1929) 10/01/1929 Name Change To Midtown Bank of New York (10/1929-8/1931) 08/31/1931 Merge To State Manufacturers Trust Company 09/08/1961 Name Change To Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company 06/19/1992 Merge To State Chemical Bank 07/14/1996 Name Change To Chase Manhattan Bank, The 11/13/2004 Convert Federal JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association
Prudential Bank (Became JPMorgan Chase Bank) - New York 1929
MSRP: $169.95
Was:
Now: $139.95
(You save $30.00 )
- SKU:
- newitem43004625
- UPC:
- Gift wrapping:
- Options available in CheckoutTWISTED Table
To create the 'Twisted Collection,' Ward Wijnant played with the supremacy of materials as tough as steel. He has twisted the steel to form various pieces.
One would think that Ward challenged the laws of Physics to create such a unique collection. But he merely followed them and relied on unique application techniques. Nonetheless, creating 'Twisted' wasn't easy. He channeled immense effort, hard work, and force to mold iron rods by twisting, turning, and bending.
This collection features various furniture pieces and accessories. Twisted includes cabinets, seating, light fixtures, and mirrored accessories. All the pieces are the result of twisting, turning, and bending rods of steel.
ABOUT WARD WIJNANT
The artist and furniture maker, Ward Wijnant, is known for his interpretation of the diversity of older methods and materials, and translating them into contemporary designs that pay attention to detail and finish. To Ward, it is this unexpected element of discovery is what’s meaningful in a product or design.z
All of his collections and projects have one thing in common; furniture-making combined with modern techniques. All the pieces from his collections display a variety, from simple and minimalistic to bright and funky.
Ward Wijnant combines furniture making techniques, knowledge of different materials, and creativity with unusual designs to produce stunning furniture pieces. He experiments with materials that aren't commonly used for making furniture. He uses these materials intelligently to form durable furniture that is an incredible piece of art as well.
Being a contemporary artist and constructor, Ward doesn't disregard old methods and materials. If you look at his art pieces in-depth, you might see some old artistic techniques to make something entirely new. His inspiration is mainly the traditionally-made object and the techniques involved in their construction. His artwork takes a modern twist at ancient craft techniques. He has an eye for detail that allows him to play with different textures and designs.
DIMENSIONS
H: 75 cm
L: 100 cm
W: 100 cm
MATERIAL
Powder coated steel
LEAD TIME
8.Programs
- Day Care Supply Fee is $130.00 per 12 month period (January 2020)
- First Child is always the youngest child in the family.
- Minimum charge for daycare is 1 hour
- A fee of $5.00 per 5 minutes per child will be charged if your child is not picked up by 6:00 p.m.
- Payments are due with in 3 business days after bill has been received. $10.00 a day late fee will be charged after 3 days. Bills are sent89.00
Daily: $58.75
Hourly: $9.75
>: $959.00
Daily: $57.00
Hourly: $9.50
3 Years and older:: $914.00
Daily: $54.25
Hourly: $9.00
2nd Child Rates
Monthly: $819.00
Daily: $48.50
Hourly: $8.00
3rd Child Rates
Monthly: $714.00
Daily: $42.25
Hourly: $7.00
> $365.00 per month per child
PM Only & 1 Ride from School $415.00 per month per child
AM & PM + 2 Rides for School $440.
Please see your daycare director for rates.!
Drop-in Care
Drop-in care is available at the center for children of all ages while their parents shop, run errands, etc. Arrangements are to be made with the director.
–  Program: beginning 1/1/20, we’re rolling out our Breakfast Program. We will now be offering a breakfast to our children at $5 a month or you can pay for the entire year ($60). The breakfast consists of milk, juice, cereal (3 choices) and toast.
- Your child may continue to bring their own breakfast. But we’re asking the following:
- Cereal: Must bring on a daily basis and fit their cubby. Individual servings only. No longer will we allow boxes of cereal at East Daycare.
- Milk: no longer will we allow ½ gallon of milk per child per month. We request that it be brought in a small container on a daily basis.
- Bread: individual servings only.
- You may also bring in fruit, yogurt, pancakes, etc. and the staff member in the lunch room will help your child with breakfast but please do not bring things to store in the kitchen or fridge. We need the space to store things for snacks and lunch. If you bring anything in a container that needs to be returned, mark it with your child’s name.:
$5.00 per month & $60 a year.
.50 per lesson.
To Public Schools: $2.50 per ride
. when signing up for gymnastics please list your email address and the invoice will be emailed to you.
A transportation charge will be added to your bill for each lesson.
Dance
Dance will be offered during the school year by both day care locations. We will be working with DanceWorX .. Charges
>. Charges are added to your day care bill for each session as well as transportation charges.
Tennis
Capital Racquet and Fitness offers a tennis program that uses smaller racquets, modified court sizes and low compression balls to make learning to play tennis easier and more fun for kids. First Steps participates in this program once a week. All equipment is provided but please wear tennis shoes. Check the bulletin board for sign up and the events calendar on the website for dates, times and costs. A transportation charge will be added to your bill for each lesson. Payment made to Capital Racquet and Fitness is required on the first day of the session.
Golf
First Steps participates in Junior Golf lessons at the Fore Seasons Center Dome once a week. This class is for five years and older. Since this is an after school program we will take the children to the lessons and our staff person will stay with the instructor through the entire lesson but the parent will be responsible for picking up the child at the Golf Dome when the lesson is over. Clubs will be provided but you can bring your own. Check the bulletin board for sign up and the events calendar on the website for dates, times and costs. A transportation charge will be added to your bill for each lesson. Payment is required on the first day of the session.
This is a safety education program offered by Bismarck Parks and Rec. for five and six year old that teaches home, car, pedestrian, bike, fire and other safety topics. Safety Town is a child size town complete with building, sidewalks and streets. First Steps will only bus to the first afternoon session of the summer (usually first two weeks in June). You must register with Parks and Rec for this program. Registration is in early March and fills up quickly as enrollment is limited so it is the parent’s responsibility to register early. Transportation costs will be added to your bill.
Summer Activities
Activities for the summer include numerous field trips, picnics, fun swimming at the outdoor pools, in-center lyceums, library visits, and much more.
Monthly activities schedules will be posted at your center and on the website events calendar.This article was first published in the March 2014 UK edition of Accounting and Business magazine. needs better than your competitors will not cut it – you need to back this up by demonstrating your relevant track record and expertise. ‘Our research shows two out of three decision-makers.
BIG mistakes
1 Talking about yourself.
2 Asserting, rather than demonstrating, you understand the client’s issues (show, don’t tell).
3 Not doing your homework (insufficient research and no scoping meetings).
Chris Matthews, principal at consultancy SutherlandsPugh
Iwona Tokc-Wilde, journalistThere have been lots of fads in bodyweight loss methods, from the Atkins Diet to Fen-phen and anything in concerning. Some of them seem to reside up to the hoopla and some of them never. A more recent, trending fat manage help is Alcachofa dietary supplements. This trend begun in Mexico and is now turning into much more and extra popular in the United States. But the real dilemma is, “Does Alcachofa actually assist you drop excess weight?”
Alcachofa supplements are centered largely on Artichoke extract. How specifically does the artichoke extract in Alcachofa enable you eliminate bodyweight? The key way that Alcachofa merchandise assistance you drop excess weight is by serving to the system get rid of more water. For different factors, the human entire body retains water and as a result brings about us to come to feel and glance bloated. This also gives us more drinking water fat. Artichoke is a in a natural way-happening diuretic, so by having Alcachofa, the excessive water in our bodies receives flushed out. With out that considerably added h2o in our bodies, we get rid of inches simply because our bodies are fewer bloated, and we shed lbs because we no for a longer time have the bodyweight of all that h2o.
Now dropping inches and kilos is a great factor, but what most of us are fascinated in is dropping excess fat also, not just h2o. The primary premise of getting rid of excess fat is to burn up additional energy than we try to eat. Even if we shed as a lot drinking water fat and sizing as we can, our bodies can nevertheless enhance in human body excess fat if we conclude up feeding on more calories than we can melt away. So in terms of dropping body fat, Alcachofa dietary supplements that only comprise Artichoke extract as the lively pounds decline ingredient are inadequate. They will assistance with water fat, but not with extra fat reduction. Alcachofa dietary supplements would operate very best when combined with other substances that essentially support you lose fat. Two other by natural means-derived plant extracts that can help with this are African Mango and Bitter Orange.
As pointed out in the previous paragraph, in get to eliminate fat, we will have to burn much more calories than we take in. And for a good deal of us, that’s a challenging feat! Compared with Artichoke extract which bargains with h2o bodyweight, African Mango extract in fact contributes to dropping unwanted fat. African Mango extract helps increase the body’s metabolic process by expanding the vitality employed by the body. This implies that your overall body will burn more calories than it normally does if you eat African Mango extract. And on top rated of encouraging you burn off additional calories, African Mango extract also aids minimize your hunger, so you eat fewer calories than you normally do. This will make African Mango extract an outstanding pounds loss help mainly because you conclusion up burning additional calories than common and eating much less energy than typical.
A different organic plant extract that can help with fats decline is Bitter Orange extract. Bitter Orange extract, like African Mango extract, also will help in suppressing urge for food to assistance you eat much less calories. But not like Artichoke extract which will help you drop h2o weight and as opposed to African Mango extract that raises the total of calories your human body burns, Bitter Orange extract not only assists you take in much less, it basically aids in breaking down physique body fat right. 1 vital point to notice with Bitter Orange extract is that it contains stimulants, so you really should only eat it before in the day so that it does not interfere with your snooze.
In summary, Alcachofa by itself is an effective method to eliminate water pounds and sizing, but it is ineffective for unwanted fat reduction. Other pure active weight reduction ingredients that are far more effective for unwanted fat reduction are African Mango and Bitter Orange. So an helpful blend of dropping inches and pounds far more speedily is to merge Alcachofa, African Mango, and Bitter Orange alongside one another to target excess weight decline in all directions: flushing out excess h2o, minimizing appetite, burning much more energy, and burning body fat.[ad_2]It’s time for One Of My Favorite Things! The Thursday Favorite Things Blog Hop Linky party! Thank you to all who make this blog hop so much fun!
I’m happy to have Marlo from Repurpose My Marlo<<
I am a little late linking cause I have been traveling but thanks for linking!
Thank you for hosting such a wonderful blog hop Katherine. Have a relaxing Fall weekend. 🙂
Katerine, You are always such a great hostess! Thanks so much!
Blessings,
Susie
Thanks for this awesome hop!!
I linked up my Halloween scrooge post;)
Thanks for hosting a great blog hop! It’s my first time here. I’m you’re newest follower on twitter.
Leslie
Thanks for hosting Katherine. I’ve been meaning to tell you that I think your new header is lovely. Today I am sharing my whole wheat pumpkin pancakes. Have a wonderful Friday 🙂
Thanks a lot Katie for hosting us again. Have a super blessed day!
Love
Hi! It’s my first time linking up at this party. Thanks for hosting!!
Katie – SomethingToBeFound.com
PS – I followed you over on Facebook 🙂
Thanks for hosting again this week. I see a lot of cool Halloween posts that I can’t wait to check out!,
Great participation today — lots of fun blogs!! Thanks for hosting! 🙂
Thanks for hosting, Katherine! Have a great weekend!
Hello, new follower here! (I signed up for email updates.) I clicked over here from Marlo’s blog. Thanks for hosting this blog hop!
Tammy
ourneckofthewoods.net
Katherine,
Thanks for hostessing this great blog party. Hope you are having a great week.
Yael from Home Garden Diggers
Thanks for the awesome party!
Marcie
Thank you so much for hosting Katie, have a wonderful rest of your week 🙂
xoxo, Tanya
Thanks for hosting & the email reminder! I added your button to my blog love – hop page 😉 Have a great weekend ahead! Love all the link up inspiration.
Thanks for the linky Katie and I hope you have a super weekend with your family!
Cheers,
Char 🙂!
Thank you Katherine!
Thanks so much for hosting again this week! Laura
I am so grateful it is almost the weekend. I am also grateful that I am able to work from home today! 🙂
Thanks so muich for hosting! I just love this party. 🙂
Thank you for hosting. I appreciate your co-hosts, so I can find more inspiration.
I’m linked up, thank you for hosting and for linking up with the Clever Chicks Blog Hop!
Cheers,
Kathy Shea Mormino
The Chicken Chick
Thanks for a lovely party! Sure hope that you are not hurting so much now….take care! I’m off to visit Marlo!
Thanks for hosting another great party, Katherine! I’m off to check out your co-host 🙂
Susan
Thank you for hosting this, Katie! So glad that I finally have chance to hopping here. Hope you are enjoying your Thursday.
~cindy~
Hi Katherine,
I’m glad it is Thursday so I can spend a little time with you. Thank you for hosting and I’m off to visit.
What wonderful creations by everyone along with much inspriation.
I must try them single serve apple pies. They look wonderful
ColleenB.
Thanks for hosting again Katherine! Look forward to this each week :))
Paula
lifeasweknowitbypaula.blogspot.com
Glad you are feeling better and happy to participate for first time in this party!
Looking forward to tomorrow’s post:)
Thanks for hosting Katie. Have a great Thursday.
Thank you for hosting! I look forward to seeing everyone’s creations. Have a good weekend!
-Lynn
Thank you so much for hosting another great party! XOXO
Happy Thursday Katie! and happy hopping 🙂 Have a great weekend
Thanks so much for hosting this great party! Hope you’re having a great week!
Thanks so much for the wonderful party again this week Katherine, glad to be here!
Thanks so much Katherine for hosting another great party – hoping you have a wonderful wknd 🙂
Hugs,
Suzan
Thanks for hosting, Katherine 🙂 Hope your week has been great! Take care 🙂
~Pernilla
Can’t believe Thursday has rolled around already 🙂
I’ve really enjoyed reading your posts this week!
Have a fabulous Thursday Katherine! oxDesigned by the architect Jovan Ilkić in Secession style, the construction of the Hotel Moskva began in 1906 and was inaugurated two years later, on January 16th, 1908, by the King of Serbia, Pedro I Karađorđević. In 1923, the Poštanska štedionica (Postal Savings Bank) took possession of the hotel, which was ceded to the National Bank of Yugoslavia in 1938.
During the World War II, the building was the headquarters of the Gestapo, for what was renamed as "Velika Srbija" (the name of the inn that occupied the land on which the building was built) and transformed according to the new requirements. In 1944, in the German withdrawal, the hotel was looted, disappearing much of its paintings, decorative objects and silverware. In the post-war period, it became one of the places frequented by the cultural elite such as the Yugoslav writer Ivo Andrić, who won the Nobel Prize for Literature of 1961. Between 2009 and 2010, four years after its re-privatization, the hotel underwent an extensive refurbishment. Protected by the government since 1968, the Hotel Moskva is one of the most important cultural monuments in Belgrade architecture.
Architect:Jovan Ilkić
Project date:1905
ACCESSIBILITY
Opening times:
Open daily from 00:00 to 24:00
ADDRESS:
Terazije 20
11000 Belgrade
Central Serbia
Serbia
EXHIBITIONSLatest VRLA battery Stories
2015-01-12 08:20:41
Ford launches Start-Stop F-150 DETROIT, Jan.
2014-05-08 12:21:00
High-capacity absorbent glass mat (AGM) batteries to power Start-Stop vehicles in China SHANGHAI, May 8, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Johnson Controls has signed a new long-term automotive
2013-08-05 23:02:22
Cell-Con will begin promoting a non-toxic rechargeable battery, catering to specific markets ready for a drop-in replacement alternative.
Word of the Day
logocentrism
- The analysis of literature, focusing on the words and grammar to the exclusion of context or literary merit.
The word 'logocentrism' is a blend of logo- + centrism.
RelatedThe official opening of object, which occupies 24,000 m2, should be by the end of the year. The prison will have 348 cells, of which 298 for prisoners and 50 for detainees.
Every cell where will be located prisoners, will occupy a total area of about 12 m2. The beginning of the construction of the high security institution in which the convicts will be serving their prison sentence lasted for very long. The first works officially started on the 22nd of July, 2014. After a slow and painful beginning, masters, engineers and construction workers are working on the prison almost every day of the week in the last year.
“State prison is one of the few objects that has no problem with the financial part. The money is secured and everything is going as planned. The works have been intensified in the last two months,” said Strahilo Subasic, head of the construction site in the name of the company OHL ZS, which is the general contractor.
The cells will not have grid as it is a common practice in prisons, but large windows with bulletproof glass. In the corner of each cell will be installed air-conditioning, and in a small bathroom will be shower, a small sink and toilet. Each floor of the object will have rooms for non-smokers, as well as special rooms for visitors. There will be also special cells for disabled persons and persons with developmental disabilities.
On one side of object will be placed the so called bedrooms with access to the garden. Prisoners will be able to use the Internet, library, sports facilities, and the construction of a large restaurant is currently taking place. The use of cell phones will be banned. What is interesting is that there will be no workshops within the prison, where prisoners are usually engaged in creative work.
It is especially important to emphasize that the state prison will be secured according to the highest possible safety standards.
“The security system will be at the highest levels, so that there will be no possibility of escape. The prison was designed in accordance with the best safety standards in Europe and the world,” said the Director of the Unit for the construction of the state prison, Zoran Basic.
Since BiH has the problem of overcrowded detention facilities, the plan is to relieve the entity capacities.
(Source: akta.ba)My car doesn't charge anymore. Who can I contact for repair or replacement parts?
Please forward your question or concern as well as the order number to our customer support at [email protected] After order confirmation, our customer support are standing by and ready to help you resolve any issues you may have.
Costway representative
By Ilana Jurkowitz
04/22/2021Helpful (0)
I lost my manual to tell me how to pair the remote controller. are they online?
This step is on the sticker on the back.
Costway representative
By maggie brown
01/29/2021Helpful (0)
2 Item(s)Who Dey!?
News from Yahoo.com and Bengals.com
News from Yahoo.com and Bengals.com
At the conclusion of the NFL spring owners meetings on Wednesday, commissioner Roger Goodell said Robert Kraft's decision not to appeal the penalties from the Deflategate investigation was the initiative of the New England Patriots' owner alone. "The decision Robert made was his decision," Goodell said. Goodell would not comment on the specifics of quarterback Tom Brady's four-game suspension or his appeal, but he said he looked forward to hearing from Brady.
CINCINNATI (AP) -- The Bengals signed offensive tackle Jake Fisher of Oregon on Wednesday, leaving only two draft picks without contracts.
Nick Mensio keeps track of every offseason transaction for all 32 teams.
The NFL has gone out of its way to pick at the NFLPA the last couple of years, so it should be no surprise that the union is fighting back at every chance. On the heels of the NFLPA on Tuesday calling for Roger Goodell to recuse himself from Tom Brady's appeal, which was expected, came the out-of-the-blue motion by the NFLPA in federal court to hold the NFL and commissioner Roger Goodell in contempt of court over the Adrian Peterson case. You know, the case of the suspended Minnesota Vikings running back, who was reinstated a month ago from his 2014 suspension? Yeah, that one. A federal judge vacated Peterson's suspension in late February , and ordered the case to go back to arbitration proceedings. The NFL appealed, and that bought enough time until the league could reinstate Peterson on its terms, in mid-April. If you question the NFL's authority, it will not be happy. Well, the NFLPA brought up that now-seemingly inconsequential ruling, seemingly because it can. Here's a key section of the media release , signed by NFLPA president and Cincinnati Bengals offensive lineman Eric Winston: [ Yahoo Sports Fantasy Football is back: Sign up for a league today! ] "On February 26th, the NFL was ordered to change their decision in the Peterson matter and reissue a ruling consistent with our collective bargaining agreement. The Union made multiple requests to the League office asking the arbitrator, who serves at the direction of the Commissioner, to comply with the law and avoid further litigation. Despite our attempts, they have done nothing and leave us no choice but to seek this motion. "The delay tactics, inconsistencies and arbitrary decision making of the League has continued to hurt the rights of players, the credibility of the League office and the integrity of the Collective Bargaining Agreement. In the absence of any action by the NFL's governing board of owners, the players have acted to hold the NFL accountable to our players, the CBA and to the law." Of course the entire point of the NFL's appeal appeared to be to stall until it could reinstate Peterson at the time it deemed appropriate. It would have been easier for the NFL to just let it go in late February and reinstate Peterson after the court's ruling, but it wanted to make a point. And now the NFLPA wants to make one too. Adding to the public battle is that the NFL told Sports Business Journal's Daniel Kaplan that the union four days ago didn't object to an extension of the deadling on filing in the appeal of the Peterson case. The NFL asked the court for more time to argue why the Eighth Circuit Court should overturn a lower court's decision that sided with Peterson, and the court granted that. In that filing, Kaplan wrote, the NFL said the NFLPA did not object to that extension. The case itself is practically meaningless at this point, but the underlying message is not. The NFL has in many ways seemed to taunt the union since scoring what most everyone considers a decisive victory in the last collective-bargaining agreement, in 2011. The latest was Goodell appointing himself to oversee Brady's appeal, then publicly reminding everyone that the union agreed to give him that power in the CBA. The union and league, at some level, need a cooperative relationship for the best of the sport. That relationship seems like quite the opposite of cooperative lately. - - - - - - - Frank Schwab is the editor of Shutdown Corner on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at shutdowncorner@yahoo.com or follow him on Twitter! Follow @YahooSchwab. One of the most durable players at one of the most physically demanding positions, Smith had been hampered the past two seasons by a bum left shoulder that he first hurt in training camp in 2013.
Dre Kirkpatrick doesn't even hesitate. He calls himself a Bengals starting cornerback. The Bengals have an open job now that Terence Newman has left for Minnesota as a free agent. Kirkpatrick and Darqueze Dennard will compete for the opening, beginning with minicamp next month..
To listen to 97.1 The Fan or ESPN 1460AM we ask that you provide a zip code so that we may give you the best audio connection possible.
Please enter your zip code:
No thanksDan Leader: Bread Alone
Dan Leader: Bread Alone
IT WAS ONLY two decades ago when a handful of American bakers started producing bread following traditional European methods and using the best ingredients. Like many bread experts, Dan Leader spent time studying in Europe . He’d also been a chef at some pretty high-end New York City restaurants, producing what he calls “fancy food.” Without much of a plan, he started baking breads out of a wood-fired oven in Boiceville, in the southern Catskills—not exactly the center of the bread universe. From the very beginning, Leader produced traditional, European-style hearth-baked breads shaped by hand. This definitely was not your mother’s Wonder Bread . But, it seems, people were ready for it.
As a chef, I worked in a lot of fancy restaurants in New York City, and I worked in Europe for a while. You know how much I’ve traveled—all over Europe—so I started out looking at bakeries in Europe as models. When I was in Paris, I became friends with a bunch of bakers. Long story short is, one of them said, “I’m sure bread like this is really popular in the United States.” It wasn’t.
Continue...
I had a little weekend house in West Shokan. I was really getting tired of being in New York City at the time. It was kind of spontaneous. It was simple: I bought the property and [the owner] held the mortgage. I think I gave him $2,000 down—the mortgage payments were $300 a month. When you think back, it was insane it was so cheap. Let’s put it this way: There wasn’t a business plan. I just thought it was cool. I wasn’t even thinking rationally that there was a need for it. I think it would have been different to do it in New York City than to have done it up here. That’s the part that didn’t make sense.
The six months before Bread Alone opened I worked at night at a bakery on Mulberry Street. I would finish cooking at around 11 and I’d go work there until three in the morning with these old-time Italian bakers. It was a whole different ballgame.
If Bread Alone was in the city today, I can’t even imagine how big it would be. Tom Cat does $25 million now; Eli, I don’t know how much they do. We’re successful by Hudson Valley standards, but people in New York City that are doing the same thing we do have grown astronomically.
Certainly, if you look at the bread explosion, we’re still a very small business. We started before Ecce Panis, before La Brea. La Brea now is probably a $100 million company making the frozen par-baked bread. We’re still very true to what we started as, but if you look at the bread industry, we’re just a blip on the radar screen.
I don’t know if it was good luck or what, but we did get a lot of press. Within a year or two, Craig Claiborne rated us the best bread in New York City. It was kind of like a whirlwind from 1985, ‘86, ‘87; we were in every major food publication in the country within three years.
We get people who know the name, who know the brand, visit all the time. They’re often shocked that we’re this small. I think people have a sense that we’re a much bigger business.
Of course, business has changed so much in the last 20 years. I used to think if we ever broke a million dollars it would be a big deal. Now, any business that’s not $20 or $30 million is not even a business that people talk about.
We’re a $5 million company [with] about 34 to 40 fulltime employees. (In the summer it might go up to 70- something.) Some nice new accounts are coming in. Our retail sales are all up 10 to 15 percent from last year from the carb thing. People are coming back.
I guess what kind of shocked me and opened my eyes a little bit was when Panera came to Kingston. I never thought that you could open a place in that location, but they’re doing huge numbers. It really said to me there’s much more room than I thought in the Hudson Valley. But I realized we couldn’t go to the next level until we had our internal organization better. The plan is to get that more situated and finely tuned and then the rest will follow.
As you’d expect with a name like Bread Alone, it is bread—largely organic, artisan, European-style, hearth-baked bread—for which the bakery is best known. From the initial five varieties, Leader has expanded: There’s brioche, challa, focaccia, whole-wheat sourdough (miche), mixed grain raisin nut, rustic corn, San Francisco sourdough, sesame semolina, currant buns, and the new favorite, whole grain health. Then he widened the bakery’s selection to include pastries, pies, even custom wedding cakes. And then he introduced the concept of upscale, pastry cafes to the valley.
I don’t know of any other food that can be as bad and be as wonderful. How do you take flour and water and salt and have something be that people drool over versus something that people want to throw out?
I’ve taught a lot of classes over the years and I think that the rules [that] apply to all fermented foods apply to bread—make it slower, use better raw materials. Look at beer, wine, any kind of aged cheese— there’s always some type of bacteria that is the foundation or its secret ingredient. You could say it’s got “organic grains” and it’s “stone ground”—and that all makes a difference. It’s like milk from a cow grazing in Normandy versus in a factory farm— there’s a huge difference in raw materials.
But it’s how you handle the raw materials. In bread baking there’s certain time-honored traditions. (There’s a baker in southern France I write about in my book. He says innovation in bread baking is tradition.) Taking the traditions and techniques and following them in the best possible way is what makes great bread.
I think that the biggest trend that has come and stayed is this par-baked frozen bread. You can get it in every store. They call it “artisan.” (La Brea bread says it’s “hand-crafted”— there isn’t a hand that has ever come near that bread!) It’s not bad, it’s better than buying Wonder Bread, but it’s not cheap. It’s four bucks a loaf—and it comes out of a factory.
I don’t mind the par-bake
d frozen bread, I mind how they market it. They’re marketing it as something that it’s not, and I think that’s really misleading for consumers. I’ve actually talked to my baker friends about it. I think it forces all of us to be better bakers if we’re going to compete with this mass-market bread.
But we don’t do par-baked frozen. It’s something we certainly could have gotten into—but, it’s a whole different ball game. There’s a lot of fancy machinery. Everything gets huge— walk-in freezers and pallets with cases of bread. It becomes a production bakery.
Everything is done here. We’re buying all-organic flour from a mill southeast of Montréal. The miller was trained in France; he’s a true European-style miller. It’s great because we’re not having to bring trucks from North Dakota 24 hours across the country—he’s four hours away. It’s just a lot easier for us.
We’re supporting regional agriculture more. As much as possible, we’re using grains grown in the Northeast. Not so much the winter wheats, but the ryes are all grown in the Northeast. Our white bread, our baguettes and our peasant bread aren’t organic. Everything else is. We’re certified now, so we have the “USDA Organic” certifier.
The bread goes a little bit in Albany, a lot in the Hudson Valley, some in Westchester. Of course, we do a lot of farmers’ markets in New York, and we have three distribution companies; one delivers our bread in the Berkshires, one takes it all the way out to the end of Long Island, and that same company also delivers in New Jersey.
We’re in more stores than restaurants: 20 percent restaurants, 80 percent stores. Adams [Fairacre Farms] is like the perfect marriage: We’re the local specialty baker and they’re the local specialty supermarket. We love the Greenmarkets. We do farmers’ markets all over—I would say that if farmers’ markets ran 12 months a year and there were enough farmers’ markets, we would love that to be a big part of our business, but it’s very seasonal.
We have another favorite account—we sell a lot of bread to the Park Slope Co-op in Brooklyn. It’s the oldest food coop in the United States and they sell a ton of our bread.
Leader brought André LeFort, a third-generation Parisian oven builder, to Boiceville to build his ovens. It was the first time the famous oven mason had traveled to America. Leader commissioned, not one, but two LeFort ovens. It was a turning point for him and for Bread Alone. It said: I am a baker.
I think that the ovens were symbolic in making a commitment to more true artisan-style bread. I’m not going to say that the ovens are what make our bread what it is, but I think it was like I entered the world of traditional bread baking through my friend Basil, through meeting Andre.
What happened (I actually never talked about this before) is that this bread-baking world in France is very small. When I would go to baking shows, yeah, there are thousands of bakers, but it’s still a small club and everybody knows each other, especially regionally.
When I traveled back to France after the ovens were built, the word had gotten around and it became, like, my American Express Gold Card. People would say, “This is Daniel—he has the only two LeFort ovens in the United States.” Anytime I needed to know anything about bread baking, if I called, if I went to a supplier, if I met a baker or if I met the President of the French baking association and said I really want to go somewhere and see this or that, at bakeries that would be normally closed to visitors, they would say, “This is Dan, he brought André LeFort over and he has these two woodfired ovens...” Granted, now lots of people have different types of wood-fired ovens, but at the time there weren’t that many. Certainly, in the international bakers’ club it became very symbolic.
We didn’t even think about the money at the time. Somehow we managed to pay for it. It was actually at a time when the bakery was very small and we had very small staff and I was the workhorse. So, although we didn’t borrow any money to build the ovens, I worked essentially for free for a year or two. My salary paid for the ovens.
This winter we’re going to re-insulate the ovens with modern insulation (right now they’re insulated with sand)—we’re going to use powdered vermiculite. We’re going to redo the fireboxes. Over the course of this winter we’re going to bring them up to the best level that we can, one oven at a time. The project will require probably each oven being out of commission for three weeks or so. We have the German deck ovens so we’ll manage. We’ll probably do it in January, February and March, when we’re in our slowest point of the year, anyway.
These gas-fired, brick-lined ovens from Germany are, like, the best modern hearth ovens—the kind of hearth ovens that if you go to the big bakeries in the city—Tom Cat or Amy’s or Sullivan Street—they all use these modern deck ovens.
We’re also going to be making some product changes. As rustic breads or Old World breads have become more popular, it’s easier for us to sell very large loaves than it was years ago. We hope to introduce some new large loaves this spring after the ovens are redone that we’ll bake exclusively in the brick ovens. They’ll be 2 to 3 kilos [about 4.5 to 6.5 pounds]. We tend to bake our smaller breads (baguettes and rolls) in the deck ovens because we have more control over the temperature. The wood [we use as fuel] comes from a furniture factory. It’s untreated, kiln dried, so it burns very hot.
All of those machines in the bakery do one thing: save people’s backs. If you went to a completely scratch bakery, the baker would mix the dough, put the dough in some kind of tubs, let the dough rise, pick up the tubs, throw them on a table, cut the bread by hand, shape the bread by hand, put it in boxes, put it in proofing bowls or whatever they’re going to do. Everything that we have put into the bakery has been done with being a craft bakery in mind, meaning that we shape every bread by hand (except our French bread, which most bakers don’t shape by hand). Our Japanese dough-dividing machine was designed by bakers who wanted to continue the tradition of hand-crafting bread without the really back-breaking work—and I mean really back- breaking work—of picking up hundreds of pounds of dough and cutting and shaping it.
When we’re in the busiest points of the year (July, August, September, October), we probably use 80,000 to 90,000 pounds of flour a month—we’ve hit 100 a couple of times. Let’s say we’re using a million pounds of flour of year. It’s a lot of flour to shape by hand.
It is hard work; it’s work that never stops. You can’t say “I don’t want to make bread today.” It’s not a business you can close because restaurants, supermarkets—everybody wants bread, so it’s not like we’re going to close for a month a year.
There’s something going on 24 hours a day. We don’t bake 24 hours a day, but let’s say if we finish baking at 1 or 2 in the morning, the drivers are driving from 2 in the morning till 10 in the morning and the first bakers come in at about 7 in the morning to mix the starters. The store is open, people come into the store at 6 in the morning; the stores close at 7, the bakers get done at 12, 1, 2. The drivers start 2, 3, 4. It’s 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
As hard as it is to make great bread on a small scale, it gets even harder as the operation grows. There’s a general perception that artisanal bakeries start out great, but as they expand, the quality of the bread suffers. Somehow, Leader managed to improve as business grew. Then there was Atkins.
We’ve had good times and bad times. I think it was five types of bread we offered to start. Now? I don’t even know how many. We’ve had a couple of periods when we had real growing pains or we lost key people. I used to feel very badly about it. Now I realize every business goes through it.
We have to face the problems that real businesses face— we’re not a little niche business anymore. When the price of gasoline goes up it’s not like a blip—it really affects us. We’re just raising our prices now with the gas increases. The price of every ingredient we’ve bought went up. I think our monthly expenses have gone up $12,000 to $14,000 a month, and utilities went up. That’s not a small number— that’s $160,000 a year.
We’re trying to stay true to what we were and what we want to be and be a real business at the same time. It’s a balancing act. I have a friend who says to me all the time that [if you own] a small business in America, you’re doing something that’s really against the grain. If you look around, there aren’t that many small businesses any more.
We’re more solid than most companies our size. We have the best flour we’ve ever had now; we’ve standardized our production. Our sourdough techniques are better. We’ve really improved and we are continuing to improve what we’re doing. We’re constantly working on new products. Constantly. We have new biscotti that we’re testing. We’re in all 26 King’s Supermarkets, which is a big account for us. We’re doing a lot more at the farmers’ markets than we did before.
The thing we had to deal with that was really hard was the Atkins diet. It was just a disaster. We went from 9-11 to the Atkins. You’d read about pasta companies and bakeries going out of business. [Atkins] affected our sales and how the bakery was perceived. You know, David and Nikki Goldback, the health-food writers, said that they had never seen a food trend more affected by one diet, ever. Sales just went down. All we made was carbs. Every day, 20 times a day, people said to me, “When are you going to make this low- carb?” And I’d say nothing. We just weathered the storm.
Now they’re saying eat whole grains, which is what we’ve always done. Now [the Atkins fad] is completely over and they’re saying what a ridiculous trend it was, which anyone who knows about food would have said. If this gas crisis hadn’t hit it would have been great. It’s always something.
Our French sourdough and actually our whole grain health [bread] wasn’t designed to be a signature bread, but as whole grains become more and more popular, we’re selling a ton of that bread. The square loaf with the sesame seeds, flax seeds and sunflower seeds—we’re selling hundreds and hundreds of those every day. I didn’t expect that. We’re trying to be unique to our tradition, but we’re also very sensitive to the market.
Small, native bakeries still thrive in numerous European countries (as Leader discovered and shares in his forthcoming book). As Bread Alone passes its 20-something anniversary, Leader continues to prove, against the grain, that such a business—a “small business”—can thrive in the Hudson Valley and, in fact, continue to set standards.
I just turned in my second book. They wouldn’t even consider publishing the book for the last two years—now they’re, like, “We have to get it out now.”
The [new] book feels very similar to the first book in terms of the tone, but it’s much more about how I went, where I went, what I found, what’s unique in these areas. I’ve spent about 10 years visiting bakeries all around Europe. The book is 100 recipes from my selection of the best bakers of Europe. There’s recipes from Italy, France, Germany, Switzerland, Austria, Czech Republic and Poland.
I went to the most authentic bakers I could find. I have a couple of recipes from Poland and some great recipes from southern Italy and northern Italy and southern France. I found this great bakery in Alsace and some cool bakeries in southern Germany. It’s a whole cross section of breads. We’re hoping the book will come out next fall. The working title is Bread Routes.
The first book—I didn’t have any idea of what to do or how to do it, but it’s still in print. (I actually got a royalty check today.) I think we’re up to 70,000 copies—in the baking industry, that’s huge for a non-personality, a non- Food Network personality.
I think the new book will do well—I think Norton is going to print 30,000 copies in the first printing. It’s a whole different level than the first book. We’re definitely on an upswing now—people are coming back to bread.<<
Travel guides for glittering eyes.
Our downloadable travel guides are full of the most beautiful & unique places we find around the world. With genuine insight & inspiration from our local insiders, we help you travel more like
a local and less like a tourist.
Travel inspiration to make your
heart go boom.
We travel not to escape life, but for life not to escape us.
Going
Somewhere?
We would love to help you plan your next trip. Whether you already have a destination in mind, or you would prefer us to decide for you, we can create a custom list of recommendations tailored just to you and what you like best.
Stay where we stay.
Our favourite places.
From cute little Airbnbs to fancy hotels (and everything in between).
Memories of wanderlust-worthy
places for your wall.
Our ‘most-liked’ travel pics are now yours to take home, printed on gallery-quality archival giclée paper and custom framed in Melbourne.Use of this information is subject to copyright laws and may require the permission of the owner of the information, as described in the ECHA Legal Notice.
EC number: 239-387-8
|
CAS number: 15356-60-2
Results:
F : Reading after instillation of oculoguttae fluoresceini
Left eye treated with 50% HR 89/620005
Right eye treated with the vehicle
The primary eye irritant effect of “HR 89/620005’ in a 50% solution
(1:1) (w/w) was investigated according to the method recommended in the
OECD Guideline No.405,“Acute Eye Irritation/Corrosion”, Feb. 1987. The
basic method was extended to include treatment with a vehicle control in
the opposite eye to be desed with tha test article.
Under the experimental conditions described in the authorized report,
moderate to intense reactions of cornea and conjunctiva were seen in all
the rabbits after treatment with both the test article and the vehicle.
The following mean values, based on the results from the 24-, 48- and
72-hour readings, were calculated:
As it can be seen from the data shown above, the test article
formulation was more eye-irritating compare to the vehicle control.
According to the Official Journal of the European Communities, L 257,
1983, “HR 89/62005” in a 50% solution (w/w) shall not be classified as
eye irrit.
Vig, a popular character actor whose breakthrough role was in the 1992 Off-Broadway musical "Ruthless," also played the glockenspiel in "Hairspray," so he worked under a contract with Local 802 of the American Federation of Musicians as well. That agreement has a run-of-show clause—clearly a better deal than Equity's specific-period terms.
Citing the protection of his job under that clause, Vig has battled for more than five years to pursue lost wages, benefits, and damages. Grievance hearings, arbitration, arbitration appeal, even a ruling by a New York State Supreme Court judge stymied his efforts. Then, last September, five appellate judges ruled unanimously that the arbitration of Vig's case was flawed—and that he is entitled to his day in court. This is what Vig, who recently gave a six-hour deposition, is gearing up for now.
Contract Bridge
Vig's case arguably pivots on legal minutiae. At the Neil Simon Theatre, where "Hairspray" ran from 2002 to 2009, Local 802 requires at least 20 union members in the orchestra. Even for top-budget Broadway tuners, this can be costly. After the producers' exemption request was turned down by the local, the producers invoked a rule that lets actors play instruments in a show and have them count toward that minimum. Vig was one of five such actors in "Hairspray." This meant he joined Local 802. So the question is, which contract governed his job more? If it was Local 802's, did the "Hairspray" producers violate Vig's run-of-show clause when they prevented him from returning to work?
The actor also remains outraged by how the producers turned his medical leave into a very public dismissal.
"I delayed surgery at their request," Vig said, asserting that, with other "Hairspray" cast changes occurring at the time, he was asked to accommodate a variety of new schedules and to continue performing, which he did. "Just before a 'put-in' rehearsal, I got a call from a friend who said, 'Why are you leaving the show? It's in Liz Smith's column. You're being replaced.' The language was such, it was clear I wasn't just leaving for medical reasons. I called Equity and said, 'I think I've been publicly fired.' When I came to rehearsal, it was the weirdest thing. It was clear something was afoot. I wrote a note to [general manager] Laura Green that said there seems to be a misunderstanding and I'd like to find out what exactly it is. And if you want to, you can call and leave a message on my machine or you can drop a note in my box at the theater or you can just place an item in Liz Smith's column, whichever you think most respectful and professional."
The "Hairspray" team calls Vig's allegations baseless and disputes his version of events, including the timeline and the manner in which his surgery date was chosen. Michael J. Sinder, director of business affairs for Frankel Green Theatrical Management, offered this written statement:
"The dispute between Joel Vig and the New York Hairspray Company was resolved in an arbitration in January 2007 in favor of the Hairspray Company. The arbitrator rejected any claim that Mr. Vig's contract for his work on 'Hairspray' had been violated. No party, including Mr. Vig's union, made any attempt to set aside or vacate the arbitration award, and, accordingly, the arbitration award has never been set aside or vacated and it remains in full force and effect. Mr. Vig filed a claim against his union with the National Labor Relations Board, which claim was dismissed. Mr. Vig elected to pursue further legal action against the Hairspray Company, alleging that his employment with the Hairspray Company was terminated on the basis of a disability. The Hairspray Company denies this claim and believes it is completely without merit. The State Court trial judge concurred, dismissing Mr. Vig's claims on their face as lacking legal merit. Mr. Vig appealed the trial court decision, and the Appellate Court decided nothing more than that Mr. Vig should be permitted to take discovery to try to prove his claim. The Hairspray Company is confident that when the discovery process is complete, the trial court will, once again, reject Mr. Vig's claims."
Actors' Equity and Local 802 both declined to comment for this story.
Theater of the Absurd?
In court documents, Vig's post-surgery period is described as "normal." Dr. Phillip Bauman, the official "Hairspray" orthopedist who treated and operated on him, greenlighted his return to the show for November 2004. "Local 802 told me to send a letter, which I did, in which I said I would be reporting back to work," said Vig. "I was met by the house manager, who told me Laura Green contacted him and said I wasn't allowed to enter the theater." The "Hairspray" team asserts that Vig's last day was Aug. 15, 2004.
Vig asked his unions for help. "Equity told me that although they were sympathetic, they recommended I grieve my situation through Local 802. I wasn't allowed to sit in the grievance procedure because [they] said I couldn't be there," he grouses. The Local 802 grievance process proved unsuccessful.
After that, 26 months of arbitration followed. After four hearings, the arbitrator, Marlene Gold, ruled against Local 802 as well. "Afterward," recalled Vig, "I called Local 802's lawyer. He said, 'You have a very short window to appeal if you can prove the arbitrator's decision was capricious.' " This is hard to do, but Vig felt it could be done. The reason is that the arbitration was between Local 802 and the "Hairspray" producers—yet Gold ruled on the producers' right not to renew Vig's contract under Equity. Not only was Gold's ruling beyond the scope of the arbitration, but Equity had only an observer at the hearings, not legal counsel. Moreover, Rule 4B of Equity's Production Contract states that only seven people—who are identified by name—can arbitrate a dispute between producers and actors.
Gold delivered "one of the most ridiculous rulings in history," Vig said. "So now I'm calling Local 802 and saying the arbitration has to be appealed. They're not returning my calls. Then I get a lawyer, Eugene Eisner, who looks at the arbitrator's decision and says, 'This stinks to high heaven.' Then Local 802 says they don't want to assume financial responsibility of an appeal, but will give me $500 for legal advice. I thought, if I don't appeal, you're looking at an erosion of the rights of union members."
In an April 16, 2007, letter to Bill Dennison, then recording vice-president of Local 802, Eisner asserted that Gold made a mountain of gaffes. Eventually, Vig helped Eisner compile a list of 40 "illegal and illogical" conclusions made by Gold. The arbitrator erred, Eisner wrote, "by totally misunderstanding" the basis of Vig's situation.
So Vig appealed the arbitration—then Justice Carol Edmead of the New York State Supreme Court rejected that appeal. On his own dime, Vig brought the case to the State Court of Appeals, which issued last September's small, if critical, victory.
As the "Hairspray" team's statement notes, the appellate judges affirmed Vig's right to "take discovery." But, the judges noted in addition, "Pursuant to the collective bargaining agreement between the Union Local 802 and the League of American Theatres and Producers," Vig was "guaranteed employment for the run of the show." If this view holds, the "Hairspray" team could face trouble.
"I want all my salary and benefits that I would have had," Vig said. "I want to make it very clear I did nothing wrong…. Had the producers made any reasonable offer—had they said, 'Would you be willing to understudy your own role for six weeks or go out on the road?'—I'd have said yes. Instead, they decided to play this scorched-earth policy."Pear Tree Quality Fund
Investment Philosophy
The Fund seeks long-term growth of capital by investing primarily in the common stocks of large U.S. companies, generally with market capitalizations greater than $1 billion or more at time of purchase.
Portfolio Construction
The Fund’s Investment manager periodically selects a portfolio of securities organized as a mutual fund (the “Target Portfolio”) and then periodically rebalances to the target portfolio’s most recently publicly reported holdings. In order for a mutual fund to be a potential target portfolio, the mutual fund must, among other things:
(1) Invest primarily in stocks of large U.S. companies
(2) Be required to disclose publicly its holdings within 60 days of its quarter end
(3) Typically allow only institutional investors to invest directly in the target portfolio
Portfolio Management
The Fund’s trades are executed by Chartwell Investment Partners LLC located in Berwyn, PA. For more information on the selected target portfolio, please call the Pear Tree Funds Sales Team at 1-800-550-6218.
Disclosure
-.