He joins Sharon Horgan in a film adaptation of the hit British musical.
Sharon Horgan and Rob Delaney bow out after four riotously funny seasons.
From Fleabag to Transparent, the year’s best television has been dominated by incredible women.
Sharon Horgan’s brave, brilliant new show offers an authentic warts and all look at a failed marriage.The course will last about 10 – 12 hours per week (120 hours per term) on average for students.
Table of contents
How Hard Is Intro To Microeconomics?
How difficult is it to start t difficult to get started in microeconomics? In general, introductory courses are very easy to use as long as you are familiar with the basics of calculus, algebra, and some optimizations.
How Many Hours Do Economics Students Study?
It costs an average of 14 dollars per student to major in economics. A student spends four hours studying every week.
Is Macro Or Micro Economics Easier?
Microeconomics are more difficult than macroeconomics at the entry level because they require at least a minimal understanding of calculus-level mathematical concepts. In contrast, entry-level macroeconomics are understood primarily by logic and algebra.
Is It Better To Take Macro Or Micro Intro To Microeconomics Hard?
In general, introductory microeconomics is considered to be an easy class at the college level, so is microeconomics hard? Introductory microeconomics is generally considered to be a relatively easy class at the college level. In order to complete exams and homework, you will need to study outside of class.
What Is Introduction To Microeconomics?
In microeconomics, individuals, households, and firms are considered to be decision makers within the economy. The study of microeconomics differs from macroeconomics, which considers the economy as a whole.
Is Microeconomic Theory Hard?
This course is considered one of the most challenging and time-consuming major courses by many students. In order to succeed in the course, you must avoid falling behind and solve problems at the same time. You will be practicing your problem-solving skills with the homework in this course.
What Are The 3 Main Concepts Of Microeconomics?
How Many Hours A Day Do Economists Work?
You typically work from 9am to 5pm, Monday through Friday, although your hours may be longer and less predictable due to your workload. You may be able to work part-time, work flexible hours, or share your job if you’re in the Civil Service.
Is Economics Hard To Study?
The subject of economics is a social science, so it can be as challenging and demanding as any other more challenging academic subject, such as math, chemistry, etc. To succeed in economics, you need to be dedicated, study hard, and have good study habits.
Is There A Lot Of Math In Economics?
Economics uses math and statistics, but at the undergraduate level, they are not as overwhelming as they might seem. In economics majors, one course is usually taken in statistics and one course in math (usually an introductory calculus course).
Which Is Better Finance Or Economics?
Money flows through the market, including both business and personal finances, as well as institutional and governmental finances. Students can take a double major in financial economics or a combined major in both to benefit from the dual major.
Is It Better To Learn Micro Or Macro Economics?
The study of macroeconomics is the only way to understand microeconomics. Research has shown that students who study macro first perform better academically in both macro and micro than those who study micro first. Micro Economics Difficult?
Microeconomics is more difficult than macroeconomics at first because it requires a minimum mathematical knowledge of the arithmetic concepts. Logic and algebra are the only tools that can be used to understand macroeconomics at the level of the individual.economics Or Macroeconomics More Useful?
There is no difference between macroeconomics and microeconomics, neither is there a greater or lesser importance.
Watch how many hours a week will i spend on an intro microeconomics class VideoAbuse, Identity & Purpose, Rooted, Self, Trauma & Tragedy A Safe Place By Rosie Wittleder BY ROSIE WITTLEDER, GRACE ATTENDER & BLOGGER I grew up in a cult until age 10. That was 25 years ago. (Now you know how old I am :) You might think, “You’re good now though, right? Since that happened so long ago, when you were just a kid?” That’s what I believed too, until around age 25. At that time, I realized the trauma of my early years was something I couldn’t outrun. It had impacted my brain and life with lasting effects. The choice was either for me to face the trauma and begin to heal, or to try to cope in ways that were destructive to myself and others. By the grace of God, I chose the former. And now, after about 10 years of intensively dealing with my “stuff,” I’ve been invited to share my journey more openly with others. It’s scary and something I’ve tried to run away from. So this idea of writing on a church blog? Laughable. In ways, it still feels like a big joke. Me? Write on a church blog? Of all places? Those closest to me know how comical this is given my struggles and the pain I carry as it relates to the church. Yet, here I am. One area in which growing up in a cult has impacted me greatly is my lack of being able to trust people. Especially people at church/devout Christians. Church has been a place of much abuse, manipulation, fear, and mistrust in my earliest years. But here’s the problem--I like Jesus. I think he is real. And that he can change lives, as he has my own. I can’t deny that truth no matter how hard I try. And believe me, I have tried. But when you don’t trust large masses of people who also say they like Jesus, it presents a problem. Going to church is hard. It’s getting easier, but it’s still hard. Grace Church has become a safe place for me, which is why I go. I like Dave. I think he is sane. I like the music. I think it’s a sound place where the leaders aren’t out to manipulate. And they talk about real struggles. But trying to meet quality people that I can be real with? That feels like a one-in-a-million chance. Over the years, I’ve met what feels like fake person upon fake person who profess to be Christians. It’s enough to make my skin crawl and not return. So, for a lot of years, I would show up to church because of the things I mentioned above. But then I would make a beeline for the door when it was over. Recently, my husband and I decided that we wanted to try joining a Rooted group. Shortly after, we were invited by this couple who we knew we liked, although we didn’t know them very well. They were one of the few people we were open to joining a small group with. So I knew this was something we had to pursue when they were the exact people who invited us. Even if I felt a little leery heading into it. We joined the group and started going through Rooted together. We met every week for two hours, for the past ten weeks. People who I’m close to, who don’t go to Grace and knew we had joined a small group, have come up to me and asked, “So how do you like it?” To my surprise, I’ve gotten to respond with, “You won’t believe it, but I love these people!” When I think about why it is I have come to like them, one resounding answer comes to mind. These people actually tell the truth! They tell the truth about their lives. Their marriages. Their kids. Their relationships. Their real thoughts and feelings about things. There are no fakes or facades. I have found this extremely difficult to come by in my adolescent and adult years. While those around me would paint a picture of near perfection in their homes, I’m sitting there thinking, “I actually don’t have a nearly perfect life. I have nightmares. I have anxiety. At times, I struggle with depression. So yeah, can you help me with that?” And typically the reality of my life is too much for them. They don’t engage with my brokenness, and instead slap on a Christianese cliché or a Bible verse that’s supposed to make my problems go away and make me feel better. Except it doesn’t. And I’m lonelier than I was before, and usually I wish I hadn’t shared. But these people in my Rooted group--they literally tell the truth. One guy said he wasn’t sure if he really believed the material. YES! I love it! I thought to myself, “I want to be this dude’s friend. He’s the real deal.” We’ve talked about struggles. Marriage, family, finances, areas of ongoing difficulty. We’ve also done a lot of laughing. It’s been a huge breath of fresh air for someone who has been trying to surface and catch some oxygen in a church setting for a long time. And now that Rooted is over, we’re going to still keep coming to the group. If that’s not a miracle, I don’t know what is. Moving Forward So, what if you are someone who goes to church, loves it, has little church trauma, and wants to help those around you who may be burned and jaded? What can you do? What should you avoid doing that would bring more harm? Be a Steady Friend I know, this doesn’t sound flashy. It’s not a hard and fast quick-fix answer. But I do believe it’s one of the most loving things we can offer our hurting friends. Work on yourself and how you can be a safer person. Those who want to fix, give advice, give pat answers? Not safe. I run for the hills from these people. Let your friend share. Don’t interrupt. Try to just hold their story and their feelings. This is hard. It’s hard to see a friend struggle, when there is nothing you can do to fix it. But keep this in mind--you are helping to bring healing to this person’s life. It is safe interaction upon safe interaction, over and over and over, that brings those of us who are hurt out of our shells. If you try to bypass this and offer your two-cents before you have developed a deep and meaningful connection, you will likely do more harm. I know that’s the furthest thing from your intention, to bring more pain to someone who is already in pain. But honestly, that is typically the result. There have been more times than I can count when someone who truly cares about me couldn’t face their own uncomfortable feelings as I shared my story. They tried to “help” by giving me Scripture verses or other “Christian practices,” and they unintentionally injured me further. I think this is something that the typical Christian or church-goer has a hard time understanding, most likely because it has not been their personal experience. Yes, I realize you think you have the answer. Jesus. The Bible. Prayer. Going to church. Being with other Christians. But when you try to lead someone who has been abused in a context where these “Christian” things were used, you traumatize them further. What I’m about to say may might sound crazy, but I think it’s true. Telling a person who has been spiritually abused to go back to church, to start reading their Bible, and to pray to a God who they think severely injured them, is like telling a person who has been physically or sexually abused to go back and try to spend some time with their abuser. Hence why this area of spiritual abuse is so difficult and complicated. What the person may need the most is the very thing that traumatizes them. This is why we must take another route. Here is what helped me. In January of 2007, my husband Mark and I tried out this “young marrieds” class at a mega church in Orlando. The fact that I showed up to this class was a big deal. I remember thinking, “Yay! I did it! It actually went okay. And now that the group time is over, let’s get the heck out of here!” To my surprise, this guy charged across the room to Mark and I. “Hey!” he said. “We are going to be friends.” I thought I was temporarily on another planet. This guy didn’t even know us, yet he declared our future friendship. I was so caught off guard--but also so admired his absurd and brave behavior--that I couldn’t help but engage with him. Over the next two years, Mark and I hung out with this couple consistently. They became our closest friends in Orlando. They invested in us, listened to my “issues,” and were not afraid of them. We did fun things together. They were simply our friends. No strings attached. And my hang-ups didn’t keep them from pursuing me. There was no word from them about church, really. No pressure from them that I needed to do this or do that. No checking in to see if I was praying or reading my Bible. They were just people who loved. I didn’t have to do or be someone else for them to love me. I had never experienced anything like that from people who I’d met at church. Two years in, our friends brought up the dreaded topic: church. Our friend’s dad was becoming the pastor of this local church. I was shocked. I had no clue they were a “pastor’s family.” But because I already loved them, I refused to cut and run. Our friends asked us to consider going to the local church. I refused immediately. They let me have that answer. Shortly after, they came to me again and asked me if I would just try going for 6 weeks before making a decision. It sounded like a reasonable request, especially given the love they had shown us so freely. I went. And I actually found community and unconditional love from many church people. Yes, I was triggered from time to time--every Sunday to be exact. But their love for me gave me the strength to stay, to feel my fears, and to try to move through them. The main point here is this: people are more likely to listen to you, open up to you, and try to engage, if you have first laid the foundation of true friendship. If you try to bypass that step, your efforts are null in void and will likely bring more pain. So, even though the road is long and arduous with a friend who has experienced spiritual abuse, the most impactful thing you can do is to be their friend first. For a long time. Then maybe you can tip-toe into the subject of God and church. Just maybe. So what if you are someone with similar hang ups to what I’ve had? What things could you do? Consider Seeing A Therapist In our culture, we want things solved with a snap of our fingers. But this is not possible with issues like these. It is a process. It takes time, effort, bravery, and support to move through this. There is no shame in getting help. There are professionals out there who specialize in this area. If you want a different result in how you feel, you must take a different course of action. I’ve been in therapy for a long time. It has made a huge impact on my life, although not always as fast as I’d prefer. But it has changed me in significant ways. (See our Resource Center for therapy recommendations.) Reaching Out Is there someone in your life who you are drawn to? Someone who inspires you, who you want to be like? I know it may feel hard and scary, but consider reaching out to them and asking for help. Consider befriending someone who can walk alongside you, who is safe, and who is further down the road than you. Over ten years ago, I reached out to a woman who I respected and admired. I liked what I saw in her life and wanted to know how to get that. So I reached out to her, asking her some questions that I was struggling with--things mentioned in the Bible that were like nails on a chalkboard for me. This was the start of a lasting relationship. She is someone who I have called in my darkest days, who has walked with me through my pain, and who I’ve developed a deep attachment to. And in order to heal we must develop safe attachments to others. What if you are someone who is now able to go to church, but is a “bolter”? Consider Taking the Next Step This could mean a few different things. For me, I knew I wanted to try a group. But I didn’t want to join just any group. So I tried to keep my eyes open for people I would see or run into at church who I got a good vibe from. Then there was this couple that came to my attention. For months, I would casually say hello. When I finally felt comfortable enough, I decided to engage with her after church one Sunday. It was in that conversation that she invited me to be part of their group. And then we went through Rooted together and had the redemptive experience that I referred to earlier in the post. Maybe for you, it’s simply finding someone who looks friendly and saying hello to them. Or if you are more service-oriented, you could try volunteering and seeing who you meet. And here’s the deal–if you try and it doesn’t work out, that is okay. You haven’t done anything wrong. But I would encourage you to try to develop some staying power. Keep trying, as much as you are able to, without injuring yourself. This is a process. It takes time. Be easy on yourself. I’m still in this process and may be for the rest of my life. If you go to Grace and think you might be ready for a next step, consider joining a Rooted group. You may like it, you may not. But I think it’s a worthy endeavor to attempt. You may surprise yourself with what you experience. If you are not a church attender but want to check out Grace, you might just give it a shot. Learn more here. You always have choices. And if you don’t like it, that’s okay. Sometimes it’s just taking that first step that can help get us unstuck. Back Share Related Content Care Center, Community, Partners & Outreach Care Center: Community Fair Identity & Purpose, Relationships, Self The Danger of False Humility By Cathy Schaefer Community, Self We Church Ladies Aren’t What You Might Think Community, Grief, Kids/Students, Trauma & Tragedy Loved Through Highs & Lows Identity & Purpose Ignite Your Superpower! Abuse, Health & Healing, Relationships How God Provided My Healing After Being Date Raped Injustice, Self Meeting God in Current Events By Emily O'Connor Identity & Purpose, Self Find Your Calling & Do Something Important Community, Rooted Better Together Enneagram, Identity & Purpose, Self Exploring the Enneagram By Hannah Stapleton29 March 2016, India :
Indian government is considering permitting 100% FDI in the market place format of e-commerce retailing with a view to attract more foreign investments.
The norms on foreign direct investment (FDI) in the sectors of e-commerce, and IT and ITeS are expected to be part of detailed guidelines, which would be rolled out soon by the government, sources said.
The officials are intended upon the definition of “e-commerce”. It may surround transactions between buyer and seller through electronic devices like mobile, desktop, internet, and televisions. Nowadays, most entrepreneurs running online retail companies like Amazon and Ebay are operating online marketplaces in India. In addition, Flipkart and Snapdeal have been hoping for an all-encompassing FDI policy that will clear doubts and confusions once and for all.
Last week, a group of senior officials from DIPP, corporate affairs and economic affairs, among others, discussed these matters in detail. In response, the DIPP has suggested that 100 percent FDI should be allowed in “market place model e-commerce” activities..
Image: theindianawaaz.comCGECI EXTENDS ITS SERVICES
Providing relevant training, workshops and courses is one of the possibilities with which employers' organisations can prove their added value to member companies. CGECI in Côte d'Ivoire has chosen to expand its training offer as part of its services. A complete portfolio has been put together. The course 'Business Intelligence and Strategy' took place from November 2-4. The DECP meets the project manager Mr. ZANA KONE.
CGECI offers training to its members. These are specific short courses that focus on topics relevant to entrepreneurs. Such as “Business Plan Development”, “Performance Management” and “Funding and Negotiation Research”. In 2020, CGECI and DECP experimented with organising webinars together. It was a test in collaboration with Prof. Dr Simon Beausaert from the University of Maastricht (The Netherlands). Based on these experiences, several webinars were organised by CGECI in 2020.
ZANA KONE: “These webinars allow us to reach members who are located far from our establishment in the economic centre of Abidjan in Ivory Coast. But we are happy that we can now also offer in-house courses again. From this experience we now have the webinar as a means of mobilising prospects for our face-to-face training sessions. What this type of approach does for us is to attract a large number of companies to participate and then convert those prospects into customers for our training sessions. Thanks to the webinar approach, we started 2021 with training seminars "
Following our seminars, still in collaboration with DECP, we have just organised a seminar on business intelligence and strategic outlook. The objective of this seminar is to allow participants to capitalise on opportunities and anticipate risks and strategic decision-making by collecting updated and reliable information on all that is necessary for the effectiveness of its tasks on behalf of its administration. We had about ten participants who greatly appreciated the content of the seminar ”.
Mr. ZANA KONE, project manager
A well-balanced range of courses is a valuable part of the service provided by employers' organisations to their members. But it's also a good way to draw the attention of potential members to the added value that a membership has to offer.
ZANA KONE: “Our training offers are greatly appreciated by our members. They recognise that we understand their business and their needs. This message also reaches potential members who may be motivated to join us. While this is an additional reason for existing members to be confirmed in their choice ”.
The management and the entire DECP team wish Mr. ZANA KONE and CGECI every success in the development of its range of services.
7 Results for "40-watt"
Blackstar refines the HT Club 40 MkII Black & Blue Edition combo, inside and out
Summer NAMM 2019: EHX Dirt Road Special, a transistor combo with in-house reverbs
Is the Vanflet Station 1 really “the future of guitar amps”?
10 May 2019 inBold claims from French company Vanflet about their new Station 1, a valve-based 40-Watt amp-in-a-pedal product. Could this be "the future of guitar amps" as Vanflet claims?Announcing: The iPhone Photography Conference
Very excited about this! It’s two-full days, two-full training tracks, all online with an all-star crew of instructors and it’s going to be (wait for it….wait for it) epic!
It’s coming June 29-30, 2021 and you can get your tickets right here (and save a bundle!).
If you know somebody who’s serious about their iPhone photography, I hope you’ll pass on this news about the conference. :)
Selling Your Lightroom Photo Books Online
Today, over on LightroomKillerTips.com I have an article I think is going to surprise a bunch of photographers — it’s how to sell your photo books online without putting any cash out up front. Pretty cool stuff (Here’s the link).
Hope you all have a fantastic weekend! :)
-Scott
1 Comment
[…] Source link […]Piano Instructors Policies, Guidelines, & Details
Kitsap Piano Lessons policies & guidelines are listed below. If you have any questions about any of the information, please let me know by e-mail.
Payment Schedule for Private Piano Instruction
Lessons are charged by four weeks of lessons. Payments should be made the first week of each four lessons. No-shows and cancellations will still be charged unless I receive at least 24 hours notice. I do not do make-up lessons for no-shows. Cancelled lessons may be made up if there are times available. Lessons that can not be made-up will not be eligible for a refund. Exceptions may be made for emergencies or planned vacations.
Music Lesson Cancellations
Please call and let me know if you must cancel a lesson for ANY reason. If I have to cancel a lesson for sickness or emergency, we will try to do a make-up lesson. If that is not possible, I will refund you for that lesson. If you need to miss a lesson and do not call me within 24 hours of the lesson there will be no make-up lesson and no refund given. If you cancel within 24 hours of the lesson, we will find a time to do a make-up lesson. If we can not find a time to make up the lesson in the same week, we can either do a double lesson the following week OR make-up the lesson another time. If you do not show up for lessons, there will not be a refund. Please remember that too many lesson cancellations may result in poor progress. Improvement greatly depends on consistent piano instruction and practice.
Practice Expectations
Students are required to practice at home between lessons. Daily practice is vital to musical progress. The recommended amount of practice time will be discussed with the student depending on their age and skill level. For tips on how to encourage practice, check out the Practice Guide. For tips on effective ways to practice, visit the How To Practice page.
Piano Lesson Books
If we have decided to go with the Alfred's Series of piano lesson books, I have the books available for purchase here at my private piano instruction studio. Please include the extra amount for the first lesson book with the first payment, unless we made other arrangements.
Parental Involvement at Lessons
Parents may stay to observe piano lessons or leave if they prefer. Siblings are welcome as long as they aren't disruptive to the piano lesson. Parents can also take siblings outside in the backyard to play if they wish. Siblings and friends must be accompanied by an adult during piano lessons.
Music Lesson Time-Slot
I reserve a specific time-slot for each student. If I am running late with prior students, I will always extend the following lessons to their full length. If a student comes in late, I will extend the lesson up to 5 minutes after if there are no lessons afterwards. If there are lessons after, and the late student is more than 5 minutes late, I may not be able to extend the lesson. If you arrive more than 5 minutes early and I am teaching a lesson, please try to wait outside or let your children play in my backyard until lesson time. Some students are easily distracted or are very shy about playing in front of other people. I want to make sure each student gets their full piano lesson without interruption.
Questions or Problems Concerning Piano Instruction
Please let me know if you or your child have any problems or questions about your childs private lessons. You can call anytime and I will be happy to help you. As a parent and a piano instructor, I realize it can be frustrating for parents who have never played an instrument to answer their childs music questions at home. If any problems should arise, I am willing to modify lesson plans and practice schedules, etc. based on each families needs. By sharing your concerns, I will be better equipped to make piano lessons a positive experience for both you and your child.
- Policy Quick Links -
Payment Schedule
Lesson Cancellations
Practice
Piano Lesson Books
Parental Involvement
Music Lesson Time-Slot
Questions or Problems.Petrow - Pierre Frey
3 695 kr
This wallpaper exactly reproduces a model designed by Lurçat and commercialized in 1925. Combining musical notes, birds and trees, the overall design exudes sweet poetry.
TYPE - Printed wallpapers
SUPPORT - Non-woven
WIDTH - 52 cm
REPEAT - H : 52 cm / V : 53 cm Straight repeat
Available per roll of 10,05 mNew Delhi : India’s extraordinary short video platform and a destination for many talented creators, Hipi raises the curtain on its new revamped look.
Hipi has gone an extra mile this time by providing the world’s first in-video ‘Shop’ button that lets the users discover and shop products from short videos they love. In establishing a new benchmark, Hipi allows users to find style inspiration and save the looks they adore while consuming the video.
With groundbreaking features, Hipi allows users to make videos in few seconds through its revolutionary short video creator section and brings the power of professional editing to users at large via filters, effects, and music. Hipi bundles a power package for creators to unleash their creativity and showcase their sumptuous work to the world.
Addressing the curtain-raiser, GBS Bindra Chief Business Officer of Hipi said: “In-Video discovery is an enormous addition to the most loved app for short videos and entertainment in India. Hipi uses the power of machine learning and computer vision to bring product discovery to the video. Hipi fuels product discovery and leads the seismic shift in consumer behaviour as we know.
Unlike other platforms where creators must manually add the products to photos and videos, Hipi is able to do this at scale using technology, saving precious time for creators. The time saved by the creators can be spent honing their craft rather than do manual grunt work of adding products.”
Hipi is the unique short video App that has created a distinguished benefit for its creators and users in the sea of identical short videos Apps. Hipi enables creators to showcase their unique talents and gain stardom in its true sense, through various opportunities that Hipi brings being from the house of Zee Entertainment.For anyone developing a GNSS-enabled device, the ability to test it with reliability and repeatability will shorten development times, and reduce costs.
No matter what market a new GPS/GNSS product is aimed at, or the features that it contains, testing will be a necessity. Signal acquisition, retention, and performance in varying environments, are all key factors in determining how successful a new device might be.
It isn't enough to simply go outside, obtain satellite lock, and sign off as a completed test procedure. This is not how the unit will actually be used: in many cases, it will be subjected to multipath reflection, obscuration, or interference, so understanding how a device will perform in these situations is vital. However, introducing these variables into a 'real world' testing schedule may be wholly impractical and will have a large impact on the amount of time it takes to bring the product to market.
A GPS simulator gives the developer a number of advantages. The most obvious is that of convenience – being able to replay raw RF satellite signals directly into GPS equipment in the confines of the lab or office, without having to venture outdoors, clearly makes testing easier.Dragon Con canceling 2020 convention due to COVID-19 pandemic
Cosplayers dressed in their favorite characters attend the 2017 DragonCon Parade. (Marcus Ingram/Getty Images)
ATLANTA - Dragon Con is canceling its in-person 2020 convention in downtown Atlanta due to COVID-19.
In a release, the convention's organizers say that for the first time in 34 years, the internationally-known convention will not be held on Labor Day weekend in Atlanta.
The convention, which was scheduled to run from Sept. 3 to Sept. 7, had planned to attract around 90,000 people to the city's downtown.
Know how the COVID-19 outbreak is impacting Georgia
.”
In its place, Dragon Con will host a free live-streamed convention featuring classic panels and original programming. More details about the new plan are expected to come in the future.
The convention still plans to return in 2021 and is scheduled from Thursday, Sept. 2 to Monday, Sept. 6.
Anyone who has already purchased a membership for this year's convention can either exchange it for a 2021 membership or get a refund through Dragon Con's website.
Advertisement
Download the FOX 5 Atlanta app for breaking news and weather alerts.Rug Friday Sale | 3 Day Only | Extra 15% Off
Entrance Rugs
$790.00
NAME: Modern Rug Blue
SKU: 2107SH035
Innovative in design & construction this flat weave kelim base has been the foundation to compliment the handmade raised geometric shapes. The finished product is a laid back casual rug to suit the modern family.
100% Natural
Made by Hand
Cruelty free
Ethically Sourced
Free shipping across NZWritten on: 22/09/2013 by Maire97 (1 review written)
Purchased a photo book from it - 150 pages. It took me hours to upload all of the photos, which I didn't mind doing; however EVERYTIME there would be something wrong with the uploading, the photos are too big, the photo box website would freeze and loose all of my photos or the photobook would delete all of my photos, after hours and days of trying, I lost all patience and contacted the company. After days of trying to contact the company, and days of being put on happy, they were not helpful AT ALL! They said it wasn't their problem, and when I asked for my money back ($50) they refused, and said that there are no refunds, even though it was their website was a problem. Not happy with their product at all! Never buy from this company. We contacted them 7 times to help us with this problem, did not care, and were not helpful at all " 
Kerryleep's Response to Maire97's Review
Written on: 11/10/2013
Hi Marie we are terribly sorry to hear that you have had such an unfortunate experience, we have sent you an email regarding this matter and we would very much appreciate the opportunity to make this right. Please do get back to us so that we can help. You can contact us directly.
Kind Regards
The Photobox TeamWild Waves Sauvignon Blanc 2017
$18.00
$29.99
Awards :Bronze medal NZ International Wine Show – Bronze Medal New Zealand Wine of the Year.
Wild Waves Sauvignon Blanc is a classic blend of grapes harvested from vineyards located in the Wairau valley and the Awatere valley. The bright juice is fermented at cold temperature in stainless steel tank to retain varietal expression, resulting in a complex wine showing powerful aromas. Tasting notes: Nice and clear wine with green hue, intense aromas of grapefruit and gooseberry developing on the nose. Mouthfeel is fresh and linear, driven by a nice acidity and powerful aromas of citrus and orange peel. Lingering finish on grapefruit.10 things I love about my husband (I had to limit myself to 10 or you would all quit reading my blog!)
1. I still get butterflies in my stomach when I see him across the room. Sorry Ladies, but I have the best looking husband around. Your guys might be nice, but they just can’t hold a candle to My Man.
2. He buys me flowers for no reason, just because I love flowers. And he knows which kinds I like the best and why. One time he mentioned that he liked a particular flowering bush that we walked past. I told him, “That’s a gardenia. I wear gardenia perfume.” He replied, “Oh THAT’S why I like that bush so much!” Gardenia is one of my favorite flowers.
3. He works. He’s responsible with money. He pays the bills on time, I never have to worry about that. He puts away money in savings for us and our kids. He doesn’t believe in having debt. I can trust him with this part of our lives and I never have to worry about it. He’s also a really good Father. He’s involved in the kids’ lives and helps out around the house more than most husbands I know. He works for the good of the family.
4. He’s generous. When we looked for a house to rent we agreed that it needed to be big enough to host large groups of people. We have people over for dinner all the time. When we chose a vehicle we agreed that it needed to be for more than just our family. We wanted to be able to give people rides and haul stuff for ministry. My husband’s thoughts are always for the wellbeing of others. He is generous with his time, money, resources, and talents.
5. He’s athletic. I know I give him a lot of teasing about watching a sport for every season, but I actually like that in a guy. Being athletic, to me, is synonymous with MANLY. I may not enjoy sports personally, but I enjoy watching my husband enjoy sports. (And sometimes when he’s not home, I turn the game on just to make it sound like he’s in the living room watching TV.)
6. I miss him when he’s not around. If we go for too many days with out spending time together I get really cranky. When I’m with him, everything feels better. Even if we have to be apart, we talk on the phone every day. We just like being together!
7. He makes me a better person. Left to my own devices, I’d be a pretty difficult person. He keeps me from saying things I’ll regret later, he helps me see the other side of the situation, he takes me down a few notches when I need it. He lets me talk through my thoughts even when he thinks my ideas are crazy. He encourages me to develop my dreams and talents. One time when I was upset about something he actually told me, “You should go paint, you’ll feel better then.” He’s my soul mate
8. He knows what I look like first thing in the morning and he still loves me. He has seen me pregnant 3 times and knows the havoc that wreaked on my figure and he still loves me. He has seen me with really bad haircuts and he still loves me. He has seen me in the hospital all drugged up and sick and he still loves me.
9. When I was facing cancer treatment he cleared a month and a half off his calendar just to be with me the whole time. He had to call and reschedule meetings and preaching engagements with pastors and churches. He had to UNDO literally months of work to be with me when I was sick. He took care of the kids while I slept for days and days. He was there when I would wake up. We walked through the Valley of the Shadow of Death together, and I love him for that.
10. Finally, he makes me laugh. I laugh nearly every day at something he says or does to entertain me. He does funny little dance moves with the kids. Together they play with their stuffed animals and make them dance and sing. He loves lip syncing to 80’s music which cracks me up. He messes up EVERY movie line and punch line and story he tries to quote… and it’s always funnier when he does it. He makes me happy.
I love you Josh! I’m a happy wife.
That was a very touching post. I love how your not afraid to express you love like this and i hope things are better after your treatment. The world would be a better place if people could express their feelings openly .
Happy valentines to you and your lovely hubby.
HEY April,
You made me cry… It Is awsome!!! you made me to remind a song by Amy Grant “That is what love is for” it helps us to go through really difficult moments and become the simple moments of life just great.
Regards
Abigail
thanks everyone!2. Did a little digging...seems that last year, in Texas, 11,000 people died from the flu. This year, in a "pandemic", not quite 4,000 have died from the "super deadly novel coronavirus". Um....yeah. These numbers are from the Texas State Health Department - make your own conclusions. (Because honestly, you can extrapolate. Texas can't be an outlier - not when we're "2nd in the Nation for new cases!" - so you can bet most other states/countries numbers are pretty close to the same.)
3. Sewing! Been hitting it out of the park, lately. I finally got brave and started embroidering some new shirts - I have 2 (pics forthcoming!) that turned out WONDERFULLY well and fit my style. I've always leaned BoHo, but squelched it because it's not easy to find at a price point I can afford. Now? Sky's the limit!
3a. My new favorite top pattern is the Twig + Tale Women's Breeze shirt. Kinda peasant-y, kinda flowy, and a perfect canvas for embroidery. My first one is linen with bluebonnets; the 2nd is a cotton/ramie chambray with hummingbirds and flowers. I'm going thru my files to find more......this is fun!
3b. Although my machine isn't quite with me. The automatic needle-threader decided to die violently on the 2nd motif on the front of shirt #2. Not a huge issue - I can manually thread the needle - just an annoyance. 25 thread changes weren't fun......but do-able. Himself looked at it, but it's FUBAR; I'm not sure if I want to go to the hassle of trying to get it repaired now, or if I just live with it (probably live with it. Again, it's not a big deal.)
4. There is currently a possum in my chicken feed can. I noped right out of there - the kids will handle it. The chickens got goat feed this morning......that's farm life for ya! :lol:
5. There is no 5.
6. Been reading.........did you know that masks are big in the occult? And that symbolically they silence people? And make them into "others" (think cyber-bullying, and how people act differently behind a screen than they do in real life.) Putting that together with the Reality of Duality........folks, I think the Mark of the Beast might not be what the church has taught - it might be symbolic and NOT physical. This guy takes a few hundred words to say it, but it's worth reading.......if you have ears to hear. Yes, it's wordy....but I think there's a lot of Truth to it - and it's sobering. And worth considering. (And Anonymous, I don't care that you don't agree with me. Just.....don't read me. No one is forcing you to, right?? (OR...are they?????:wink:) Just move along......but you might want to check out the link. You might learn something.)
Gotta skitter - got to buy grain, evict a possum, and get a new shirt cut out. And find some linen for shorts/pants......I've just about replaced all my cheap, store-bought blouses (NOT my t-shirts, though. Those I'm keeping. :lol:) with nice, natural-fiber ones. (Ramie.....is a bit problematic. YES, it's "natural", but...only through man-made means. :sigh:) I need pants......so that's next up. I think Cashmerette's Calder pants fit the bill...we'll see.a startup idea shared by
dryhay on
05/09/2012
I am constantly improving, experimenting and creating something. Once I manage to create a bot which helps me with different tasks (like learning foreign languages): Maybe it doesn't look stunning (because actually to work it needs only two fields though: input and output - anything else is not essential), but it is working already very good and it's still getting better with the time. I made it in PHP, because I thought to commercialize it, but now it's going rather from commercial to more complex experimental state (because there is still far more to get out from it). I will work also to transfer it from PHP to Python programming language to merge my other ideas with it. Can someone help me to find the way to get some financing that I could work 24/7 on this (and other) ideas, plz? Unfortunately I can't use kickstarter, because I am not living in the/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/70006149/1231015828.0.jpg)
As Ju.
The thing is, trying to predict Juventus — especially this season — is so incredibly tough. It’s like trying to figure out just when Allegri might have all of his players back to full health again. Just when you think it might happen, something comes up that prevents it from taking place.
Basically, Juve has one hell of a way to see if it can keep the pre-international break vibes going. And if they do, considering just how important the next three weeks are, then it’s going to get them that much closer to the rest of the pack following such a tough start to the new season and Allegri’s second stint as manager.
By the way, as much as we might be worrying about the calendar over the next few weeks and just how congested the schedule is over the next couple of weeks, Max Allegri would like to address that certain elephant in the room. (Hint: He’s not worried about it.)
Allegri: "It is useless to argue about the calendar: all matches must be faced with serenity. When there are problems, solutions must be found."#JuveRoma— JuventusFC (@juventusfcen) October 16, 2021
(Having some serenity right now does seem like a good idea. Thanks for that suggestion, Max. You’ve always got some good ideas on how to approach things.)
TEAM NEWS
- Paulo Dybala is, unfortunately, still out injured.
- Alvaro Morata trained with the group on Saturday as he works his way back from his own injury issues. He could very well be included in the match day squad, according to Goal Italia’s Romeo Agresti.
- According to Allegri, Morata is ahead of Dybala in terms of the rehabilitation process, with the latter still at least a week away from returning to the field.
- Adrien Rabiot is out after testing positive for COVID-19 during the international break.
- Danilo and Alex Sandro reportedly made their way back to Europe Friday night following their international commitments with Brazil. At least one of them is expected to start.
- Allegri said that he will decide Sunday morning what his starting lineup will be considering that so many of his players have come back from international duty at different times and in different kinds of shape health-wise.
- Allegri said that Matthijs de Ligt “should play” against Roma. When it came to any hints about who might start alongside the Dutchman, Allegri threw out a very Allegri answer: “the others are fine, too.” (Thanks, Max!)
JUVENTUS PLAYER TO WATCH
We went into the international break talking about a Fede in this space of the match preview. And dagnabbit, we’re going to do the same thing once again coming out of the international break.
Although, it might not be the Fede that you’re expecting.
We’re going to be talking about the other Fede. You know, the one who isn’t worth upwards of €100 million these days.
:no_upscale()/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/22933106/1235695156.jpg)
Oh, Berna. That’s a sassy kind of reaction to your inclusion here. We shall power through regardless of what you think about it.
Throughout the week, Bernardeschi has been the one who the Italian press thinks will fill in on the left wing now than Rabiot is out for at least the next week due to his positive COVID-19 diagnosis. But, because of Juventus’ still-present lack of depth at striker, you never know for sure if Max Allegri is going to just go with somebody like Moise Kean up front or throw us another curveball like he did before the international break.
Ah, the ways of Allegri.
Now, with the limited options both in attack and out on the wings, the likelihood of Bernardeschi seems rather high from the outside looking in. Of course Allegri will play it coy when it comes to discussing his starting lineup plans because that’s just the way he’s always been. Allegri made sure to say plenty of nice things about Bernardeschi during his pre-match conference, which tells you that he’s still very much part of Max’s plans.
We just don’t know where.
Either way, with Juventus’ attack still very much in the makeshift mode, Juve’s going to need something out of Bernardeschi. And that might be more the case if somebody like Mattia De Sciglio starts on the left side of Juve’s defense because Alex Sandro isn’t deemed fit enough to play following his long journey back from Brazil.
Or maybe we’ll get Striker Berna — which, surely, would make this place’s collective head explode once again.
Either way, Bernardeschi’s probably going to play. And no matter where he does play, Juve’s going to need something out of him simply because there aren’t many other options to turn to at the moment.
MATCH INFO
When: Sunday, Oct. 17, 2021
Where: Allianz Stadium, Turin, Italy.
Official kickoff time: 8:45 p.m. local time in Italy and across Europe; 7:45 p.m. in the United Kingdom; 2:45 p.m. Eastern Time; 11:45 a.m. Pacific Time.
HOW TO WATCH
Television: TLN .Search results for: K. Panthalaraja Kumaran
12
11 223
10 Optimization of NaOH Thermo-Chemical Pretreatment to Enhance Solubilisation of Organic Food Waste by Response Surface Methodology
Authors: Hafizan Junoh, Kumaran Palanisamy, Yip Chan Heng, Pua Fei Ling
Abstract:This study investigates the influence of low temperature thermo-chemical pretreatment of organic food waste on the performance of COD solubilisation. Both temperature and alkaline agent were reported to have an effect on solubilizing any possible biomass including organic food waste. The three independent variables considered in this pretreatment were temperature (50-90oC), pretreatment time (30-120 minutes) and alkaline concentration, sodium hydroxide, NaOH (0.7-15 g/L). The optimal condition obtained were 90oC, 15 g/L NaOH for 2 hours. Solubilisation has potential in enhancing methane production by providing a high amount of soluble components at an early stage during anaerobic digestion.
Keywords: food waste, pretreatments, respond surface methodology, ANOVA, anaerobic digestionProcedia PDF Downloads 219
9 257
8 249
7 32
6 Functional Gene Expression in Human Cells Using Linear Vectors Derived from Bacteriophage N15 Processing
Authors: Kumaran Narayanan, Pei-Sheng Liew
Abstract:This paper adapts the bacteriophage N15 protelomerase enzyme to assemble linear chromosomes as vectors for gene expression in human cells. Phage N15 has the unique ability to replicate as a linear plasmid with telomeres in E. coli during its prophage stage of life-cycle. The virus-encoded protelomerase enzyme cuts its circular genome and caps its ends to form hairpin telomeres, resulting in a linear human-chromosome-like structure in E. coli. In mammalian cells, however, no enzyme with TelN-like activities has been found. In this work, we show for the first-time transfer of the protelomerase from phage into human and mouse cells and demonstrate recapitulation of its activity in these hosts. The function of this enzyme is assayed by demonstrating cleavage of its target DNA, followed by detecting telomere formation based on its resistance to recBCD enzyme digestion. We show protelomerase expression persists for at least 60 days, which indicates limited silencing of its expression. Next, we show that an intact human β-globin gene delivered on this linear chromosome accurately retains its expression in the human cellular environment for at least 60 hours, demonstrating its stability and potential as a vector. These results demonstrate that the N15 protelomerse is able to function in mammalian cells to cut and heal DNA to create telomeres, which provides a new tool for creating novel structures by DNA resolution in these hosts.
Keywords: chromosome, beta-globin, DNA, gene expression, linear vectorProcedia PDF Downloads 21
5 Spatial-Temporal Clustering Characteristics of Dengue in the Northern Region of Sri Lanka, 2010-2013
Authors: Sumiko Anno, Keiji Imaoka, Takeo Tadono, Tamotsu Igarashi, Subramaniam Sivaganesh, Selvam Kannathasan, Vaithehi Kumaran, Sinnathamby Noble Surendran
Abstract.
Keywords: ALOS/AVNIR-2, dengue, space-time clustering analysis, Sri LankaProcedia PDF Downloads 353
4
3
2 Mechanical Properties and Antibiotic Release Characteristics of Poly(methyl methacrylate)-based Bone Cement Formulated with Mesoporous Silica Nanoparticles
Authors: Kumaran Letchmanan, Shou-Cang Shen, Wai Kiong Ng
Abstract:Postoperative implant-associated infections in soft tissues and bones remain a serious complication in orthopaedic surgery, which leads to impaired healing, re-implantation, prolong hospital stay and increase cost. Drug-loaded implants with sustained release of antibiotics at the local site are current research interest to reduce the risk of post-operative infections and osteomyelitis, thus, minimize the need for follow-up care and increase patient comfort. However, the improved drug release of the drug-loaded bone cements is usually accompanied by a loss in mechanical strength, which is critical for weight-bearing bone cement. Recently, more attempts have been undertaken to develop techniques to enhance the antibiotic elution as well as preserve the mechanical properties of the bone cements. The present study investigates the potential influence of addition of mesoporous silica nanoparticles (MSN) on the in vitro drug release kinetics of gentamicin (GTMC), along with the mechanical properties of bone cements. Simplex P was formulated with MSN and loaded with GTMC by direct impregnation. Meanwhile, Simplex P with water soluble poragen (xylitol) and high loading of GTMC as well as commercial bone cement CMW Smartset GHV were used as controls. MSN-formulated bone cements are able to increase the drug release of GTMC by 3-fold with a cumulative release of more than 46% as compared with other control groups. Furthermore, a sustained release could be achieved for two months. The loaded nano-sized MSN with uniform pore channels significantly build up an effective nano-network path in the bone cement facilitates the diffusion and extended release of GTMC. Compared with formulations using xylitol and high GTMC loading, incorporation of MSN shows no detrimental effect on biomechanical properties of the bone cements as no significant changes in the mechanical properties as compared with original bone cement. After drug release for two months, the bending modulus of MSN-formulated bone cements is 4.49 ± 0.75 GPa and the compression strength is 92.7 ± 2.1 MPa (similar to the compression strength of Simplex-P: 93.0 ± 1.2 MPa). The unaffected mechanical properties of MSN-formulated bone cements was due to the unchanged microstructures of bone cement, whereby more than 98% of MSN remains in the matrix and supports the bone cement structures. In contrast, the large portions of extra voids can be observed for the formulations using xylitol and high drug loading after the drug release study, thus caused compressive strength below the ASTM F541 and ISO 5833 minimum of 70 MPa. These results demonstrate the potential applicability of MSN-functionalized poly(methyl methacrylate)-based bone cement as a highly efficient, sustained and local drug delivery system with good mechanical properties.
Keywords: antibiotics, biomechanical properties, bone cement, sustained releaseProcedia PDF Downloads 179
1..
Keywords: rotating flows, generalized onsager and carrier-Maslen model, DSMC simulations, rarefied gas flowProcedia PDF Downloads 303Educating children is one of the most difficult tasks in the world, few are comparable for their intensity, durability and complexity. Parents move in a constant "trial and error", sometimes we are right and many we are wrong.
And, we have to teach children so many things that the learning process is long and laborious. What we do learn soon is that children need routines, from the moment of his birth.
We impose routines for sleep, food, hygiene, but what happens in vacation periods when routines are more lax? Poor habits wreak havoc on children. This is what lack of routines does to children ... and parents!
Routines are fundamental in the life of a child. The first ones they learn are sleep and food and, little by little, they acquire many others necessary for a good coexistence. They have many advantages:
- Routines provide children with security: it helps them gain skills or acquire behavior patterns. A habit can be to brush your teeth after eating, take off your shoes when entering the house, or eat 5 meals a day. It is a way of ordering a child's day to day so that they feel safe and calm.
- Eliminate conflicts at home: by decree law imposed by us, at night, for example, the child takes a shower, then has dinner and finally goes to bed and, unless he is sick or something exceptional happens, that is what will happen every days, without fights or negotiations.
- Helps children to be more independent and responsibles: They acquire habits and, although at the beginning, they must be reminded of them, they will end up assuming them and carrying them out on their own.
Yesterday we were another mom and I watching our children play and they were ... totally unleashed! They went up, down, jumped, shouted, fought, did to bother ... It was an inexhaustible frenzy. We both told each other our experiences and came to the same conclusion: on vacation they behave worse, they are the consequences of the lack of routines for the child.
There are times when following day-to-day routines becomes unfeasible or simply more complicated, it is usually during vacation periods when we go on a trip or simply children have other more relaxed schedules. At those times, the days get longer, the meal hours are relaxed and there are not so many activities. Nevertheless, This lack of routines, although necessary and understandable at times, makes our children a bit crazy and indomitable:
- The change in the sleep pattern influences the quality of sleep, it is more difficult for children to go to sleep, they may even suffer insomnia.
- Children get more angry, they are more irritable.
- They get bored right away.
- They are more protesters and complainers.
- The lack of tasks makes when they have to do one a real drama, it costs them much more to do them.
- More conflicts are created between siblings or even between parents and children.
- The kids are more nervous and restless.
- This display of nerves, anger and protests makes parents lose patience more often than at other times.
That is why, even on vacation, even if we slow down, We must continue imposing a series of routines a day, a discipline, so that, although they are more intense, they do not kill us.
You can read more articles similar to The havoc that lack of routines causes to children ... and parents!, in the On-site Learning category.Aragen Life Sciences Interview Questions
Updated Sep 16, 2021
- Administrative
- Arts & Design
- Business
- Consulting
- Customer Services & Support
- Education
- Engineering
- Finance & Accounting
- Healthcare
- Personnel/Human Resources
- Information Technology
- Legal
- Marketing
- Media & Communications
- Military & Protective Services
- Operations
- Other
- Product & Project Management
- Research & Science
- Retail & Food Services
- Sales
- Skilled Labour & Manufacturing
- Transportation
- Worldwide
- India - All Cities
- - Telangana
- - Hyderabad, India Area
- - Andhra Pradesh
- - Uppal
- - Gujarat
- - Ahmadabad, India Area
- - Haryana
- - New Delhi, India Area
- - Karnataka
- - Bangalore Rural
- - Bangalore, India Area
- - Maharashtra
- - Mumbai, India Area
- - Tamil Nadu
- - Chennai, India Area
- United States - All Cities
- - California
- - San Jose, CA, United States Area
- - Florida
- - Palm Coast, FL, United States Area
- - Tampa, FL, United States Area
- All Candidates
- Received Offer Only
- Popular
- Most Recent
- Oldest first
- Easiest
- Most Difficult
Interviews at Aragen Life Sciences
Interviews for Top Jobs at Aragen Life Sciences
- Junior Research Associate (4)
- Research Associate (4)
- Project Manager (2)
- Manager (2)
- General Manager (1)
- Senior Scientist (1)
- JRA (1)
- Purchase Executive (1)
- Clinical Research Associate (1)
- Senior Manager (1)
- Trainee Chemist (1)
- Trainee Developer (1)
- Software Engineer (1)
- Scientist (1)
- Management Trainee (1)
- Junior Analyst (1)
- Product Specialist (1)
- Senior Research Associate (1)
Anonymous Employee in Hyderābād
I applied online. The process took 2 weeks. I interviewed at Aragen Life Sciences (Hyderābād) in Jun 2021
I had 2 rounds of interview. HR interview had basic self personality based questions. Then had a technical round of 35 min via microsoft teams. Technical round round was quite versatile was asking questions regarding my skills, practical knowledge, touble shooting abilities, theoretical knowledge, etc. Its was quite interactive. Department heads were present in my interview panel. I got the offer letter within 2 days.
Anonymous Interview Candidate
I applied online. I interviewed at Aragen Life Sciences
This experience is soo good and practise for this event is also well done for the freshers and the process also well done, this must be knwon to everyone here and the processing is good to work
- Superb and the fantastic moment in there
Anonymous Employee in Bangalore
I interviewed at Aragen Life Sciences (Bangalore)
Very well conducted interview... Logical question are usually asked based on what you present. You need to cross at least three round of interviews. They may call you on site at later stages
- Based on presentation that you give
Anonymous Interview Candidate in Hyderābād
I applied through college or university. I interviewed at Aragen Life Sciences (Hyderābād) in Feb 2021
first round was common test, which includes Technical questions, English and Reasoning and Aptitude Second round was Technical round ( mostly related to my project) Third round was HR Round ( behavioural questions)
- I belong to pharmaceutical analysis department, they asked about pharmacology
Anonymous Interview Candidate in Hyderābād
I applied through college or university. The process took 1 week. I interviewed at Aragen Life Sciences (Hyderābād) in May 2020
even though there is basics in written examination but interview is very hard. they asked about molecular biology rdna technology genetic engineering what not covered every topics. but it is hard if you know basics they wont sk that and if you prepare in depth they wont ask that and it totally depends on luck.
Anonymous Employee in Hyderābād
I applied through college or university. The process took 1 day. I interviewed at Aragen Life Sciences (Hyderābād) in Feb 2020
Junior research associate works in research and development wing at laboratory performing reactions , analysis and studying the samples . Very good learning platform for freshers looking out for industrial experience and a good kick off to your research career
Anonymous Interview Candidate in Hyderābād
I applied through other source. The process took 4 weeks. I interviewed at Aragen Life Sciences (Hyderābād) in Jun 2019
First call received from HR and asked for flexible date for arranging interview. Interview can be F2F or tele based. 2 levels of technical rounds. Technical round 1: with recruiting manager. Technical round 2: Head of the department. Finally Salary negotiation.
- Why we have to choose you?
- If we offer you same CTC (of your present CTC) are you interested to join us.
Anonymous Interview Candidate
I applied through other source. I interviewed at Aragen Life Sciences
Very good compensation with respect to market and competitors for managers., Interview is basically on on bioscience and new technology in the field. Mostly with skype or dava to face
- Regarding scope of bioscience in present condition
Anonymous Employee in Hyderābād
I applied through an employee referral The process took 2 weeks. I interviewed at Aragen Life Sciences (Hyderābād)
My CV was forwarded to company HR through employee referral & I had gone through two rounds of interview process before got selected for the position. The whole process took 2 weeks.
- About previous work experience, scientific/technical question, any experience about team management, behavioral interview questions.
Anonymous Interview Candidate in Hyderābād
I applied in-person. The process took 1+ week. I interviewed at Aragen Life Sciences (Hyderābād)
First a written exam then a formal HR interview. In written exam basics of life sciences. Very easy. not that difficult. Basics of pharmacy. A team leader will conduct a written exam about his own project. knowledge of basic drugs usedABOUT THE EVENT
The Immersive Wellness Medicine Summit is a NEW virtual hybrid experience that will be held 7 – 10, October 2021. This event will blend a combination of Webcasting, Virtual Tours and Virtual Reality technology allowing you to attend, enjoy, watch and connect from the comfort of your own home.
After purchasing your Basic OR All Access Pass, you will be able to gain access to applicable ticket features on this website.
Keep an eye out on the Event Schedule under the ‘Experiences’ Menu which will advise when Speaker Presentations, Live Q&A Speaker Sessions and Virtual Reality Sessions are scheduled during the event.
THE TECHNOLOGY
Webcasting: Attendees can use a regular browser to watch the inspiring conferences from 20 experts around the globe discussing the finest technology in Energy Medicine. Take a look at the ‘Speakers‘ page to find out who will be featured!
Virtual Tours: 360 Tours of our Virtual Event Spaces including the Sponsor Boardwalk, The Noosphere Pyramid and The Conference Room are designed to pay homage to the culturally rich and beautiful environment of that we call home, Oahu Hawaii. These Virtual Tours will provide attendees with the opportunity to learn more about Quantum University, our Home, and our exclusive Sponsors all with a simple click and drag of the mouse.
Virtual Reality: VR Sessions will be available for attendees to connect with our Gold Sponsors AND Quantum University in an intimate environment immersed in exciting presentations of avant-garde technologies and their positive impact on healthcare. This engaging new feature has the power to bring the global Quantum University family together without the inconvenience and risk of travel.
For more info, visit our Ticketing AND FAQ pages!from £74.00 each (ex. VAT) with free delivery
;
from £74.00 each (ex. VAT) with free delivery
The smokers' cease fire; in the words of Sir Mixalot, "it likes butts and it cannot lie" The unique shape means that cigarette ends placed into the opening at the top will fall down and be deprived of the oxygen needed to continue to burn.
The bottom-heavy design means it will keep stable in winds, yet is easily moved around the where it is required and the horizontal hole at the top means cigarettes can be easily put in, but rainwater is kept out. The neck and bucket top unscrew to enable the contents to be easily and cleanly removed.
Disposable burn-resistant bucket liners are available. Use these bespoke bin liners to help eliminate the risk of a face full of ash and unpleasant odours when trying to shake out those stubborn butts from the bottom of the bucket. Simply pull the cord on the bag, tie and place in the dustbin.
Smokers' Ceaasfire's are ideally placed on football fields, by entrances to buildings or inside smoking shelters.
Delivered as expected. Good quality product and perfect for the job (cut in half lengthways to attach to bottom of gates to ensure dog safety)
Sue Lilley - 28-Oct-2021
JR-26800D - Just as I thought it would be.
26827 - Good value for money and speedy delivery.
JR-26800D - Great concept and no worries of anything setting on fire with the non flammable disposable bag which means that I don't have to pick up butts no mess/or fuss.You may not have heard of a beefalo, but hundreds of them are causing trouble in America's Grand Canyon.
They're a cross between cows and American bison - sometimes mistakenly called buffalo.
They've been around for over a hundred years, after the two animals were bred together.
But conservationists are now worried about the damage they're doing to the area and how they're pushing out other animals that live there.
Over 100 years ago, bison were crossbred with cows to try and create a tougher animal - but the experiment wasn't a success.
When the animals that remained ventured into the Grand Canyon National Park, where hunting is banned and no natural predators exist, their numbers started increasing by an estimated 50% a year.
A beefalo drinks a huge amount of water, so watering holes dry up quickly.
They poo a lot near watering holes too - bad news for other animals in the area.
And Native American groups say the animals have destroyed ancient ruins as well.
But they are popular with one group of people - tourists - who try and get pics even though it can be dangerous.
Some drivers have also hit beefalo when driving at night.
So now conservationists and Native American groups are figuring out how best to control the animals so they stop causing so much chaos.Father’s Day Gift Guide
Father’s Day is an annual celebration going back over 100 [...]
Father’s Day is an annual celebration going back over 100 [...]
There's always something fun to do with the family! Discover [...]
Tracy Brown has a passion for helping people and shows [...]
by Lindsay Gordon “We are horrible at fundraising!” was the [...]
Hannah Holland, a Carolina Forest resident, and daughter of Amanda [...]
by Meghan Rabbitt, originally published by Capital Health's Real Woman Magazine Many [...]
by Nicole Loughan The anti-princess brigade is out in full [...]
By Nicole Loughan I am a married mother of two, [...]
Sprawling grounds, a sparkling blue swimming pool and shaded cabanas–sounds [...]
by Nicole Loughan I have fond Christmas memories of playing [...]I hope everyone is in the mood for a little chit-chatting 'cause I'm feeling mighty talkative tonight. I first wanted to share with y'all some exciting news coming down the pike. Val at the Red Shed sent me this information on an upcoming fall event that y'all are just gonna love.
The Creative Connection is going to be held in Minneapolis Minnesota, September 16, 17, and 18. The Who's Who list of women ( including our very own Red Shed Girls!) involved are, for a lack of a better term, Rock Stars in our world. You've got to go here and read for yourself (while you're over there, be sure and check out the contest going on...insert big ol' dreamy sigh here!) and fire up the old brain cells to make plans to attend. Psst! It just happens that The Junk Bonanza will be taking place during that same time period and is only a hop, skip and a jump away! Be sure and see Val about travel arrangements to that. I'm sure it will book fast...so don't be lollygagging.
Next order of business....Anne just did a post asking what she, as a virgin vendor, needed to take to do the Big Show besides stuff to sell. Theresa did a fabulous post on what shoppers needed to bring, but I don't know if anyone has touched on hints for first time sellers, so I thought I'd help out.
Some things are a given like snacks, water, sunscreen...the same things shoppers need, but when it comes to being in the middle of a cow field, setting up shop for nine days...that's a whole different set of needs. Here is Part I of my survival guide to selling at the Big Show.
- I always pack my entire closet. You never know when it's going to be colder than who'd a thought it or hotter than a firecracker. There is wind, rain...heck, we've seen ice! Don't believe for one minute you can run to Walmart and get a sweater or raincoat 'cause everybody has the same idea and the next thing you know...you're parading around in a trash bag...and proud to have it.
- Bring bling and lots of it. No self respecting Texas girl goes out without something shiny...even when setting up. You've heard that song "I Got Spurs That Jingle, Jangle, Jingle"? We ladies like to jingle too...I said jingle...not jiggle! Can't do that unless you bring the ammunition. I pack a separate suitcase just for my artillery!
- Starting out, you'll need a lot of small bills for making change, but before the show is over...hopefully...you'll look like you're getting ready to go to ladies night at the La Bare! Be sure and pack something to keep that money safely in. I've heard tales of purses being left in restaurants, in tents...even in the porta-potties...so plan on being your own Brinks.
- Receipt books and pens are a must. Pens have a way of wandering off, never to be seen again and receipt books are great for keeping track of sales. Not every customer wants one, but it sure makes it easier come tax time.
- Speaking of tax time...be sure and bring your tax resale certificate. We have had visitors (and you know who I mean...da da da da-a-a!) from Austin checking the numbers...so Caveat Venditor. I've been dying to use that term!
- Anything you were using in the way of tags, stickers, rock, paper, scissors, glue, etc. when preparing to come down, bring. This also includes hammer, nails, glue gun, stapler, etc. Plenty of pretty paper and sacks are a must...although I have been known to use a grocery sack in my time if I ran out of the pretty stuff!
- Any and all medications you think you might need. Don't leave home without 'em...and that includes liniment and Epsom's salts for all the aches and pains!
- If you can fit it in...you might as well throw in the kitchen sink, but the one thing that is a must...a good attitude. Pack a smile and plan on a good time. Customers are there to shop, but they are also there to laugh. Provide them with that and I guarantee you'll have return shoppers.
Anne, I hoped this helped and I'll get Part II put together before we leave for the Mother Ship...how's that?
27 comments:
Such a sweet tussie mussie! Hugs to all, and an extra one for Bella! ~ Angela
You rock Debbie when it comes to promoting everyone and everything. I've got my fav girls picked out: Lilly, Crystal, and Siobhan. The boys, still not too sure. I like that a little Aaron,and I think the other one is Alex and don't remember the name of third. I'm going to pay better attention tonight!
Take care, Sue
You are somthin girlie! What a post! I REALLLLLLLLY tried to be able to get there for this show. Oh what a heartache I can't make it. PLease feel sorry (no pride what.so.ever) for me because I am sick about missing it. It has been a goal forever for me to get there and I was THIS CLOSE! UGH!! Severe pouting in NC!
Sell Out Bay~be!!
Beth
Guess where I'm headed this weekend. Yep, going to the BIG DFW to see mama & heading out to the Funky Finds. Are you going? If not then I hope to see you at T's blog party! This time I'll grab the drinks since someone drank mine before I got there... :P
you are adoll..a sassy Texas doll!!!
thanks for all of the heads up linkys for the fall and great advice for the newbies for the spring!!
vintagegirl
Fun post Debbie. Makes me wish I lived out your way to take part in the fun.
Bonnie
Deb, good call on the last one. Too often, I'm too spazzy to bring some positive energy, which is why I stopped doing shows (until last weekend). I get too stressed..... In TX, however, it's all about fun and smiles and laughter..... can't WAIT! XOX I'm making a beeline for YOU ad CD.
No need to bring bling you can always buy tons of that when you get to the show
Jenn is so talented! That tussy mussy is so cute!!! Daphne
Great 411! Looks like I probably won't make it to TX either, but I sure hope you do fantastic! The few of us NOT in TX for the show will be anxiously awaiting your pics and posts!
Great tips! I don't think there's room in the trailer for the kitchen sink, but we'll strap it on the top!
Debbie, you are the mostest wonderful person EVER!!! Thank you SO much for posting this, it's like an answer to prayer for me! :-)
I've got a great big old hug for you and CD when I get there.
See you on the Mother Ship!
XOXO,
Anne
Oh Debbie, I do so wish I could be there with "alla y'all". Been a long time since this misplaced Texas said that! I went to Round Top/Warrenton once and thought I had died and gone to heaven. And that was 15 years ago. I'm sure its only gotten more heavenly. Someday, I hope to darken your booth and we can talk Texan in person!
You and Cat Daddy have a good one,
Judy
My Sis in Law Diana and I are seriously considering Crafty Connection. It ain't Texas but I can get there without flying! I still intend to get to the mother of all sales someday, just not in the budget right now. I am heading to Jen's now. I have gotten sooo out of the loop lately. PS My hubs and I love Dixie Chicken! He's a big Little Feat fan.
Well, I've fallen on the floor kicking and screaming about getting to this honkin' show, but it doesn't seem to be doing me any good. If it weren't tax time I might be able to talk my husband into it...but alas, someone here must work for a living, rats. So you know what that means, I'm depending on all of you to have great photos! OK, I'll quit complaining and say once again how excited I am for Bonnie Bella to turn 1! I know you all will be celebratin' the roof off!
big squeezy hugs,
Debra
duct tape. DUCT TAPE! How come nobody mentions the duct tape?!!? good thing you have me... and you do. have me. ;-)
Jenn's a busy busy girl... so fun and talented!!!
Now - I'm going to pack my duct tape... I don't think I've ever been this far behind - how busy are you right now?
;-) xoxo
robelyn
I remember you told me if I can't see your jewelry from a mile away, it aint big enough!!!!!! Words to live by. See you real soon, and if you miscount or not, I want Cat Daddy. In case you were wondering.......lauri Your little honey baked ham
I just wish Texas was CLOSER to me!! Artillery! LOVE THAT! I know it will be a ball!!! "Colder than who would have thought it" love that too!!!
So jealous I can't go!!
Happy Happy Bella Bash!!!
Lou Cinda :)
You are a well-prepared woman!
I am so excited for you and your family! Imagine that little bundle of cuteness turning ONE!
What a good idea to put up some pointers for fist time sellers. And ladies, that list could be used for any kind of show anywhere. I used to do a lot of shows and wish someone had given me a 'sellers bible' when I started.
You Go Girl!
Tami E.
I love this list! Can't wait to see you! Oh, and Jen is so darn talented! Love it!
Hugs,
Adrienne
Deb...I have missed you so! And ..I would rather read you than watch A.I. You also make me wanna go to this place called Zapp Hall in Texas..& sell STUFF!! Lord I was making a list in my head..of my own stuff..& lots of hubbys stuff..& I've never been or sold anything except in a garage sale!! lol Its always fun to read ya sweets..puts a smile on ma face every time! Maybe one of these days I can come to Texas..who knows? Jen & baby Bella are dolls right there with ya!!
lol I am still laughing:)
Hugs..
Deb:)
Ha! I just back and re-read it, love that you called me a virgin! Yes, I am 3. ;-)
Anne
You are the go to girl! You mentioned all that needs to be brought to the shows but one last thing I found to add to your list is gingersnap cookies, yes ma'am. It's the best cure if your stomach is little upset and chalky stuff is just gross, but these cookies do the trick everytime! They are also pretty good even if you don't need them. Can't wait to see you and CD and can you believe Bella is a year old!!
Sending birthday wishes as well as good selling wishes to you...Should you need more bling..who ya gonna call? ME! I will be in Texas in spirit...love you.
xo
Your OTHER Georgia Honey Baked Ham
Sheesh, all kinds of good advice and tips in this post!!! I'm sure Anne very much appreciates your help! As for me, you can write just about anything and make it funny, so I always enjoy my visit no matter what you're talking about {I meant that as a total compliment...if it came out wrong :)}
Good luck preparing for the big show!!!
:) T
Hey Debbie
This all sounds so exciting and you are funny, girl.
I am finally going this year!!! Insert happy dance... can't wait to meet all of you! I will bring my wallet as small as it is and can't wait!
Blessings to Bella and Jen's tussy mussy is fabulous.
Blessings
RebeccaINSIDE: Fasting Cholesterol/Anemia Clinic
Time & Location
About the Event
JENKS CENTER: Fasting Cholesterol and Anemia Clinic, Wednesday, August 25th at 8:30 a.m.-11:30 a food entry journal, food and exercise guidelines, recipe booklet, and a grocery gift card to help you on your way! (To participate in the challenge, you are required to get your cholesterol checked again at the Jenks at the 6 week interval. Max number of participants is 30) CALL NURSE FOR APPT. 781-721-7136Stretchability is the amount of give that denim has when being pulled in opposite directions. Rigid has no stretch, while Extra has the most stretch.
Rigid
Minimal Stretch
Comfort Stretch
Extra Stretch
The RE/DONE + THE ATTICO Pleated 80s High Rise Pant in Sand Camo, reconstructed from vintage military pants, features a paper bag waist, full-length balloon legs, and ties at the ankle. This pantPulitzer-winning writer Annie Proulx opened up to the Paris Review about why she wishes she’d never written Brokeback Mountain, the short story that turned into the triple Academy Award-winning film of the same name. Both the film and short story follow the lives of two cowboys, Jack and Ennis, as they navigate their secret romance in 1960s Wyoming.
Here’s what Proulx said about what happened after the film adaptation:Investments in cybersecurity and compliance are on the horizon for 2021 and continued cloud migration will result in cost savings and greater efficiency.
The pandemic forced companies to operate in new ways, creating new challenges for sourcing teaming partners and optimizing resources.
Vibrancy across industries is expected to return in 2021, with 71% of respondents forecasting growth in government sales.
- Kevin Plexico, SVP of Information Solutions at Deltek3 girls, pam thea and jane ep release show 12/217/2019
EP Release show 12/27/2019 Arts Riot
Ep Release show 12/2019
Thea and Seth Eames 12/2019 Arts Riot
Ray Vega and Ezra Oklan @ Lane Gibson Studios
EDIT DAY!
House Concert with Peter Krag
photo: Issac Anthony
Getting ready for day 2 at Dan Davine Studios in Essex, VT
Light Club Lamp Shop Record Preview May 2018
In the studio~reflections
Light Club Lamp Shop March 2018
BASICS- MEADOWLARK STUDIOS JUNE 2018
AMERICAN FLATBREAD JUNE 2018
Duo, Cynthia and Daniel Gaviria photo by Daniel Schechner
Cuban Bridge TV program Sept 2017
Skinny Pancake Sept 2017
Feeling Marilyn
Ezra Oklan and Steve Blair Dog Mountain Music Festival July 2017
Dog Mountain Music Festival July 2017
Vermont Pub and Brewery June 2017
Red Brick Cafe~Labor Day Celebration 2017
Chris Peterman and Steve Blair Dog Mountain Music Festival July 2017
Twiggs St. Albans VT June 2017 Solo show
Leunig's Burlington Discover Jazz Fest 2017 with Steve Blair
Vermont Pub and Brewery Burlington Discover Jazz Festival June 2017
Foam Brewers Burlington Discover Jazz Festival 2017
Foam Brewers Burlington Discover Jazz Festival June 2017
Splash at the Boathouse/ Private Event June 2017
The Gryphon June 2017
AmericanFlatbread June 2017
The Gryphon June 2107 with Zachary Mills and Gabe Jarrett
Foam Brewers December 2016
Oak 45 with Steve Blair August 2016
Hotel Vermont Halloween 2016!
American Flatbread, "Little Liza Jane" entertaining the crowd! July 2016
VT Pub and Brewery June 2016
Red Square Jazz Fest 2016 with Peter Krag
Maple Tree Place June 2016
Maple Tree Place june 2016
The Gryphon May 2016
Oak45 April 2016
Hotel Vermont Residency April 2016
Waterworks Food and Drink May 2016
Hotel Vermont August 2014
skinny pancake july 2014
burlington jazz fest 2014 radio bean
Burlington Jazz Fest 2014 Radio Bean
radio Bean brunch 2/2014 with Peter Krag group
Vt Pub and Brewery August 2013
Radio Bean 2/2014
photography and styling by Meghan McCormick megimcc27@gmail.com
Hotel Vermont Feb 2014
vt pub and brewery
full moon jazz fest 2013
photo by Meghan McCormick
Photo by Perry Heller
Burlington Discover Jazz Festival Junr 2016
green room studios
Burlington First Night at the Flynn Space Dec 2015
RocketShop Radio Show with Brent Hallenbeck July 2015LPN/LVN Jobs >> Browse Videos >> General Healthcare
In Memorium -- Tribute to Corpsmen, Medics, Doctors, Nurses
112 Views14 Comments Share Flag as inappropriate
A video tribute to those medics, corpsmen, doctors and nurses that have died in service to fellow servicemen, during the War on Terror (in Afghanistan and Iraq). Remember, Freedom is not Free...God Bless These Heroes.Round and Round: The Reflex Blue Show #164
on October 31, 2016 at 9:32 am
Posted In: The Reflex Blue Show.
Podcast: Play in new window | Download
CommentThis image is from a finely hand-colored copy in Cambridge University Library.
A: Rosental, Basel, Basel-Stadt, Switzerland
Hand-colored self-portraits of the artists involved in the production of Fuchs's Herbal reproduced on the final leaf of the book. This triple portrait of the three artists is virtually unique in the illustration of the time; often the artists were unidentified, and their portraits were almost never included.
In 1542 German physician and botanist Leonhard Fuchs published De historia stirpium (On the History of Plants) in Basel at the office of printer Michael Isengrin. Fuchs's herbal was illustrated with full-page woodcut illustrations drawn by Albrecht Meyer, copied onto the blocks by Heinrich Füllmaurer and cut by Veit Rudolf Speckle; the artists' self-portraits appear on the final leaf.
Describing and illustrating circa 400 native German and 100 foreign plants-- wild and domestic—in alphabetical order, with a discussion of their medical uses, De historia stirpium was probably inspired by the pioneering effort of Otto Brunfels, whose Herbarum vivae imagines had appeared twelve years earlier. "These two works have rightly been ascribed importance in the history of botany, and for two reasons. In the first place they established the requisites of botanical illustration—verisimilitude in form and habit, and accuracy of significant detail. . . . Secondly they provided a corpus of plant species which were identifiable with a considerable degree of certainty by any reasonably careful observer, no matter by what classical or vernacular names they were called. . ." (Morton, History of Botanical Science [1981] 124).. This tribute to the artists may be unique among sixteenth century scientific works, many of which were illustrated by unidentified artists, or artists identified by name only. It is especially unusual for the name of the artist who transferred the drawings onto the woodblocks to be recorded, let alone for that artist to be portrayed.
The widely known and distinctive plant species Fuchsia, named after Fuchs, was Fuchs, describing the purplish-red of the shrub's flowers.
"Fuchs's herbal exists in both hand-colored and uncolored versions. While some colored copies may have been painted by their owners after purchase, as was sometimes done in books of this nature, there is sufficient evidence to show that copies were also colored for the publisher Isingrin, who presumably made use of the artist's original drawings. Such 'original colored' copies possess many features in common—for example, the illustration of the rose has the left shoot bearing white flowers and the right shoot red flowers, and the plum tree shows yellow fruits on the left, blue fruits in the center, and reddish fruits on the right—and it is these features that permit one to distinguish between original colored copies and those colored later by private owners. The coloring in the colored copies issued by the publisher accords well with Fuchs's descriptions in the text, which suggest that Fuchs had some control over the painting" (Norman, One Hundred Books Famous in Medicine [1995] no. 17, pp. 66-67).
In 1543 Michael Isengin issued a German translation of De historia stirpium entitled New Kreüterbüch. During Fuchs's lifetime the book underwent thirty-nine editions in Latin, German, French, Spanish and Dutch, in folio and smaller formats. Although the text and woodcuts were technically protected decree of Charles V, as stated on Fuchs's title page, this did not prevent wholesale plagiarism of the blocks during Fuchs's life and long after his death; the woodblocks illustrating the work were reused and copied for over 300 years.
Meyer, Trueblood & Heller, The Great Herbal of Leonhart Fuchs. Volume 1: Commentary. Volume 2: Facsimile. (1999). On pp. 136-141 of vol. 1 the authors provide a history of the re-use or adaptation of Fuchs's images, and a list of works that used them between 1543 and 1862.
Hook & Norman, The Haskell F. Norman Library of Science and Medicine (1991) no. 846.
A digital facsimile of a copy with fine original hand-coloring is available from University of Cambridge Digital Library at this link.LAPD went to UCLA student’s home before killer set fire to her apartment
The body of UCLA student Andrea DelVesco was found in a burning apartment near campus.
The Los Angeles Police Department has launched an internal investigation into the actions of several officers who responded to a report of a screaming woman at a Westwood apartment complex where a UCLA student was found dead later that morning.
LAPD Cmdr. Andrew Smith said Friday that four officers conducted an investigation at the building after a 911 call and left sometime before a fire was reported and Andrea DelVesco was found fatally stabbed.
Prosecutors allege that her killer set fire to her apartment in an attempt to destroy evidence.
Interested in the stories shaping California? Sign up for the free Essential California newsletter >>
More than two dozen firefighters responded to the blaze that engulfed the apartment on Roebling Avenue shortly after 7 a.m. on Sept. 21. Inside the smoked-filled home, firefighters found the 21-year-old student’s body. She had been stabbed multiple times.
Smith said the department would not comment on what kind of 911 call prompted the officers to go to the apartment building that morning, what time they arrived, what actions they took and when they left.
“What they did at the location is the subject of the internal affairs investigation,” Smith said
Dmitry Gorin, an attorney representing the man accused of carrying out the killing, said police documents turned over to him show that the officers responded to a report of a woman screaming at the apartment complex.
Gorin said homicide detectives noted in the records that they spoke to one or two residents of the complex who said they called police about screams they heard before the fire. He said it was unclear from the records he has reviewed whether the officers entered the apartment building or what actions they took before leaving.
Whether DelVesco was dead by the time the officers arrived is unclear.
Of the four officers who went to the apartment complex that morning, three have been assigned to desk duty, according to Smith. The fourth remains on patrol.
DelVesco, a native of Austin, Texas, was a fourth-year psychology student. Her sorority sisters identified her as a member of Pi Beta Phi.
LAPD Chief Charlie Beck last month described her killing as “a horrific crime that I know shocked the school and much of Los Angeles.”
“I know that I am sleeping more comfortably at night and the public should also,” he told reporters after arrests were made in the case. He did not mention that some of his officers had responded to the scene before the blaze.
The Los Angeles County district attorney’s office last month charged Alberto Hinojosa Medina and Eric Marquez, both 22-year-old students, in DelVesco’s death. They have pleaded not guilty.
Prosecutors allege that Medina and Marquez were responsible for a burglary in which a laptop and stereo speakers were stolen from another apartment nearby before DelVesco was killed. Medina is accused of entering DelVesco’s apartment and stabbing her before setting a fire and fleeing.
See the most-read stories this hour >>
During the stabbing, prosecutors allege Marquez was in Medina’s car — emblazoned with distinct red Greek lettering on the back — near DelVesco’s apartment.
A surveillance video captured Medina wearing a Snuggie blanket belonging to DelVesco “covering up blood on his shirt” as he returns to Marquez’s apartment a few blocks away from the scene of the slaying, a prosecutor told a judge during a court hearing last month.
Medina was a junior at Fresno State University, where he was studying psychology and social work. Marquez was a pre-med senior at UCLA.
Both men face one count of murder and two counts of first-degree burglary. Medina is also charged with arson.
Medina also faces a special-circumstance allegation that he committed murder while carrying out a burglary, and prosecutors could seek the death penalty if he is convicted.
For more Southern California crime news, follow @lacrimes.
ALSO
DNA identifies suspect in 1986 killing of Agoura Hills boy
FEMA urges Californians to buy flood insurance before El Niño
California town gets gold fever as would-be miners dig in sewers
The view from Sacramento
For reporting and exclusive analysis from bureau chief John Myers, get our California Politics newsletter.
You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.New Zealand’s Ajaz Patel is happy to return to the country where he was born, but as a cricket player, he knows that the spinner must face the challenge of India in the backyard.
Patel is a left-arm spinner who was born in Mumbai but moved to New Zealand when he was 8 years old.
The 33-year-old has not participated in a top-notch cricket match since June, and he hopes to play a key role in the two Test series against India that started in Kanpur on Thursday.
“I’ve been to parts of India now, and I haven’t really seen it before. India is really cool, but it’s a pity that we can’t really go out and experience India, but this is the essence of the world at this moment.
“India is all about the hustle and bustle. India has some exciting things. I always think it is organized chaos to some extent, which really makes it special,” he said.
What has New Zealand gained from the bilateral T20I series?
Speaking of the challenge of bowling on the Indian court, Patel said: “Obviously, we know what India offers in spin bowling, but at the same time we also know the challenge of facing India at home.
“As a spinner, it’s a challenge, but it’s something I’m really excited about and thriving, so I’m looking forward to it.” So far, Patel has achieved 9 tests in New Zealand. With 26 wickets, he believes that SG Red Cherry also provides different challenges for overseas bowlers.
“The SG ball is absolutely different, very similar to the Duke ball. It’s quite tough, in fact I think it’s a good grip. But it also offers different challenges, and the bowling style is slightly different,” he said.
The two-year T20 World Cup cycle is very important to the development of cricket: ICC
“Everything is fine (prepared). We have been walking around, but at the same time, we have a lot of time to train and adapt to these conditions. Hope we have done enough work.” Patel and deputy Will Somerville may be in India Leading New Zealand’s rotating department in the first test, since 1988, New Zealanders have not tasted the taste of victory.
“We complement each other well, he provided that height and bounce, and I provided that low glide,” Patel said of his partnership with Somerville because they hope to make their fourth appearance together.
IND v NZ: Looking forward to the rotating challenge in the test-Santner
“The left arm rotator and the right arm non-rotator rotate it in different ways, so it’s always cool to play together.
He said: “You can join the team in other spinners and thrive in the game together, because you can communicate and really understand what’s going on in the middle.”
“Sometimes he will attack, or I will attack, so we now have a good understanding. We have played a few games together, so it is exciting to have the opportunity to play again.”Best Cheap Thrill (2010)
Hermann Park Train
With new rolling stock recently expanded to add more leg and ass room, the now-50-year-old Hermann Park train and its $3 ticket still offer some of the cheapest and gentlest thrills in town. The choo-choo travels just fast enough to bring some relief from the heat, and now that it has added actual stops — one at the Museum of Natural Science, another at the Med Center and an actual connection to Houston's slightly less rinky-dink light rail train — it's not just fun, it's also (almost) useful too. Little known fun fact: Between eight and ten each morning, you can charter the Hermann Park train. With your own private train at your disposal, you can feel like a latter-day Cornelius Vanderbilt in your own hometown.
More Awards from This Winner
Location Details
Houston TX 77030
-Publications
Publications published by the Office for Statistics Regulation can be found on the OSR webpages.
364 publications found
Breach report – ONS – Transition to Net Zero: The Low Emissions Vehicles Sector
26 November 2021
Published in Breach Report
Breach report – NHS Digital – National Child Measurement Programme, England 2020/21 School Year
17 November 2021
Published in Breach Report
Breach Report – Public Health Scotland – Pharmacies ensuring swift patient care
9 November 2021
Published in Breach Report
CADEAC Minute and Agenda – October 2021
3 November 2021
Published in Minutes and Papers
Concordat on Statistics
29 October 2021
Published in
Ethical considerations in the use of Machine Learning for research and statistics
26 October 2021
Using Data from Third Parties for Research and Statistics: High-Level Ethics Checklist
11 October 2021
Considering public views and engagement regarding the use of data for research and statistics
30 September 2021Xhamsterlive & 23+ Reside Sex Cam Sites Like Xhamsterlive Com
Also, please bear in mind that US pay as you go debit cards shall be declined as a result of card’s international billing limitation. No, should you want to use one other username you must register a model new account with a unique e-mail handle. In order to take pleasure in Gold Status, customers sign up for a monthly subscription of $19,ninety nine. The costs, nonetheless, range from excessive to mid to low, which is not much of an issue as you’ll find a way to turn out to be a grey member and have access to totally uncensored videos by tipping.
- Also, bear in mind that probably the most priceless useful resource we offer is our detailed grownup webcams reviews.
- In connection, new models are added to the positioning frequently so there’ll at all times be new sexy ladies to take a glance at.
- Try reading our cam sites blog or the introduction guide to cam intercourse sites.
- Besides that when you be a part of on the supply you probably can entry them all with the same password and log in.
And that will even be why there is a lack of features as nicely. Unfortunately, I even have to say that xHamsterCams type of looks like an afterthought. It started as a tube site and it is like they felt they needed to get into the stay cam recreation, so they simply added a tab and quickly threw up a sex cam website. One factor that stands out the most is; the standard of cam women didn’t differ from Stripchat. Even with all the lookalike work, xhamster free reside porn website deceives users to believe them to be true.
Somebody Despatched Me Spam Through Public Chat, What Ought To I Do?
Thousands of individuals every month cross reference our detailed adult webcam critiques to learn more about the most effective reside intercourse websites and how the prices examine. The other real stay sex cam sites which are worth trying are Chaturbate, Streamate, LiveJasmin, and ImLive. Despite being one of many popular intercourse cam websites, I marvel what quantity of are conscious of these Xhamster cams.
We cracked the popular porn blogs to frequently get updates on intercourse content material. Xhmaster’s Cam2Cam present is the real which means of personal sex. Both your webcam and performers’ webcam cannot be spied on by anybody, regardless of how nice their membership could be. Xhamsterlive has accomplished nothing but reproducing a cam web site with a different name. Our evaluations inform you Stripchat is the original cam web site.Stripchat live porn cams are one hundred pc free and genuine that you just don’t have to fret about safety. The free cam porn rooms are great if we begin immense ourselves extra and start tipping cam models to carry out all of the naughty stuff.
Forms Of Sex Cam Sites
As you’ll have the ability to see, you’ll have some classes that cannot be discovered on different live sex cam sites. They also have a search function box in the best higher nook where you presumably can write down your favourite terms to see if the site may give you relevant outcomes. So, as with most “free“ sites, you can purchase tokens and take girls non-public – or be the one to rule the free room – however you don’t have to. Xhamster Live undoubtedly is not one of the best live intercourse cam website on the market, however I can easily suggest that you test it out as a outcome of it actually will not price you a penny to take action.
The truth remains although that not many individuals are but conscious of the most important differences in prime cam websites. Our user experience checks and critiques are a useful resource to study more about cam websites. We take nice pride in providing up-to-date and reliable info on all the most effective adult webcam sites…and stating a few of the reside sex webcam sites to keep away from. We frequently audit every grownup cams website for pricing, whole performers, and average prices.We do that for the good factor about our readers. Welcome to essentially the most widely revered source to learn more about reside sex cam websites for adults.
Those are broad classes though so let’s break it down even additional so far as how we can prevent time and assist you may have better grownup video chat experiences. Streamate.com is a completely diverse platform if you are on the lookout for real submissive cam girls acting on the motion of your hunter. An array of payment strategies choice eases your life on porn live websites. They have cryptocurrency, PayPal, and different easy payment strategies. You may be already conversant in xhamster but have you learnt about xhamster reside cams? Today we’re going to rip off every reality behind xhamster cams by way of our expert’s findings.
What Is Spy Chat?
Jackie’s guide to jacking off to live sex on the web provides simply the facts about all the hottest reside intercourse chat and adult webcams websites. At the tip of the day, we wish to make sure folks perceive the important thing difference in live porn cam sites. These days folks love soiled chat and stay nude cam sites are everywhere. Live intercourse cams are some of the hottest websites for adult on the web these days.
So a few of the cam website reviews I can recommend you read if you want to find other token stay cams would be CamSoda, and ImLive. Our camsoda evaluations, spotlight another somewhat new voyeur webcams platform where you can see plenty of nude cam ladies without paying much. Xhamsterlive is a stay intercourse cam website internet hosting women, guys, couples, trans performers to perform free reside nude cams. The main focus of xhamster reside is to convey down all of your aspirations via webcam porn. This offers a pleasant change from some sites, which only have mostly-clothed “tease” free chats. By the payment processor, to replicate an equal cost with bank card, ACH, or Paypal transactions. We all know xHamster because the porn tube website and I wouldn’t blame you if you didn’t know they also had reside sex cams.
Both sites have the identical categories, fashions, foreign money and prices. It’s onerous to know why they need different login details. It might be easier if you can access both of them with the identical nick and password. At current, cost of utilizing both websites is the same and it considerations coins and costs of chats. So if you would like to see the identical broadcasters and you’re wondering if it’s attainable to do it for much less – there isn’t any option for that because costs are the identical now. Both xHamster Live and Stripchat could also be used nearly at no cost (when you determine to observe solely tip-based shows) or could additionally be quite expensive . Everything started with xHamster itself – one of the biggest adult platforms with free intercourse.
Look I make no bones concerning the reality I love low cost cam websites, and we write about this usually. The website is free, but it additionally has a top-tier membership, generally identified as Gold which is only out there through subscription. It will value you $19.99/month (or $21.99/month when you use PayPal). Best of all, you can see loads of hot performers ready to offer you a fun experience.
Solely You Presumably Can Resolve Should You Choose Using Xhamsterlive Or Stripchat
It’s actually top-notch and customers can undertake it inside no time. Choose your favorite model from a bunch of distinct categories/interests. There once more, every thing is just a counterfeit to Stripchat. Whatever, it has some ball-busting categories to choose over. The live show works utterly free until you opt for a private cam2cam session with a mannequin. If there is any good about Xhampster, it’s solely due to the Stripchat. Right from the homepage, it looks very interesting with the listing of featured fashions, couple cams, trans, and plenty of extra.
Green members can have full entry to public chats as nicely, use emoticons, fullscreen mode, and restricted entry to non-public chats and invisible mode. However, once your account stability runs out, you’ll lose your green membership. Like most adult cam web site xhamster ive, Xhamsterlive additionally operates on a tipping system, which implies you probably can have entry to express video chats at no cost. However, you’re anticipated and inspired to tip the fashions.
As each these sites are virtually the identical, you’ll be able to read the write-up of Stripchat and perceive the concept of xHamsterLive. If you read the evaluation of Stripchat, you’ll find out all details of both websites. Rather yes, as a end result of both Stripchat and xHamsterLive are freemium sites and it’s solely your alternative if you want to spend roughly cash there.
Sex Cam Sites Just Like Xhamsterlive
In my many visits to the site I’ve checked out tons of of the cams and I really have to say that total they have fluid motion with average to handsome photographs. I cannot rule out HD cams, but if there are some, they undoubtedly do not seem like the norm. Here’s the much-awaited comparison to know how Xhamster is nothing however a phony webcam porn web site. The website xhamsyer is a replica with the same preferences and budget as Stripchat cams. The prices and the performance of xhamaster have been certainly remarkable. All these years, webcam porn lovers have been utilizing a dupe site over the unique site Stripchat.com.
Strive Cam2cam Intercourse Chat
There is a lot of information on Xhamster Live’s assist hyperlink, however it is principally about porn and little if any in regards to the reside cams. After searching the lengthy support part, I still couldn’t find any live cam info. That’s not to mean the cams are complicated although, as a result of they aren’t. But the truth that the help ignores them is illustrative of a common lack of curiosity which doesn’t do a lot to instill user confidence. Once you buy your first token package deal, you turn out to be a inexperienced person. If you run out of tokens, you will be shown as an ex-green person as a substitute of a gray user. You can purchase tokens to tip fashions, enter Private Shows or enter Cam2Cam shows, purchase unique pictures and movies from your favourite performers.
If you might have reached this finish of the evaluation, thank me later because I saved you from continuing to a hoax platform called xhamsterlive. You are allowed to browse cam girls’ profiles and cam exhibits with guest status. Besides that, you possibly can filter them by age, body sort, ethnicity, hair colour, and personal exhibits value. The real theme of the xhamsterlive evaluations is to bust all the cliches and rumors about the site and spotlight the truth.Drake University President David Maxwell announced today that he plans to retire on June 30, 2015, capping a 16-year tenure marked by significant improvements in the University’s national stature, academic profile, financial position, and strategic direction.
"David Maxwell’s leadership transformed an already highly respected university into an even more remarkable place to live, work, and study,” said Drake University Board of Trustees Chair Larry Zimpleman, BN ’73, GR ’79. “From my perspective as a trustee, his greatest strength is as a clear-sighted strategist who tackles tough issues head-on, shows remarkable candor, and is able to collaborate with faculty, staff, and administrators to find a clear path forward for the University. As a result of his strategic leadership, Drake has seen significant growth in student enrollment, faculty achievement, philanthropy, and campus amenities during his career."
Maxwell took office as Drake’s 12th president on May 15, 1999. By the time he steps down next year, he will have served in the role longer than any of his predecessors, with the exceptions of Daniel Morehouse (1922−1941) and Henry Harmon (1941−1964).
.”
Under Maxwell's leadership, the University’s endowment has grown from $80 million to $185 million. Maxwell also led to completion a $190-million comprehensive fundraising campaign, Campaign Drake—Think of the Possibilities, and is well on his way to completing Drake’s second campaign under his leadership, the $200 million distinctlyDrake.
"You can't have a great city without a great university, and President Maxwell has ensured that we have both," said Bill Knapp, a Drake trustee for nearly 40 years. "He has done a terrific job of reaching out to the business community, of recruiting, and of fundraising. Every step of the way, he's reminded this community of the vital importance of Drake University."
During Maxwell's tenure, the University implemented four strategic plans, constructed and renovated numerous buildings, and significantly increased the number of endowed faculty positions and scholarships.
Over the past 15 years, the University has set records for student applications and enrollment while at the same time raising the overall academic profile of the student body. Annual applications for admission have increased nearly 177 percent to 6,276. The average ACT score of incoming students has increased from 25.3 to 27, and the average high school grade point average has grown from 3.5 to 3.71.
On the academic front, Drake has increased the number of full-time faculty positions by 11 percent since Maxwell arrived. The University has also launched 18 new majors and 13 new minors since 1999. New majors include programs in health sciences; entrepreneurial management; law, politics, and society; and news-internet. The University has also expanded study abroad opportunities, internships, and student research opportunities during that time.
The University has experienced a dramatic expansion of global and international education under Maxwell’s leadership, including the creation of The Principal Financial Group Center for Global Citizenship, the Nelson Institute for Diplomacy and International Affairs, and the vice provost for international programs position. The Center for Global Citizenship has been strengthened with more than $6 million in funding.
Maxwell established a position as a prominent thought leader in academia, serving on the governing boards of the American Council on Education, the Association of American Colleges & Universities, the Council for Higher Education Accreditation, and the National Association of Independent Colleges and Universities. As a member of the executive committee for the Business-Higher Education Forum, Maxwell has worked closely with Fortune 500 CEOs and other prominent college and university presidents to advance innovative education and workforce solutions and improve U.S. competitiveness.
Since arriving at Drake in 1999, Maxwell has continued to publish and present on issues impacting higher education. Articles he has authored or co-authored have appeared in publications including: The Presidency, Inside Higher Ed, The Huffington Post, Peer Review, and Trusteeship. He has also presented or delivered keynote addresses at conferences including those organized by: the American Council on Education, the Council of Colleges of Arts & Sciences, the Council on International Educational Exchange, NAFSA: Association of International Educators, the Association of American Colleges & Universities, the Ford Foundation, the Business-Higher Education Forum, and the Council of Independent Colleges. He has been an invited participant at conferences organized by: the White House, the Secretary of Education, the Secretary of State, and the National Center for Public Policy and Higher Education (co-sponsored by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, and the Lumina Foundation).
Over the next 16 months, Maxwell and the University will focus on meeting strategic plan goals, including: the completion of the distinctlyDrake comprehensive campaign; launch of the STEM@DRAKE project; introduction of new undergraduate, graduate, and professional/executive programs that are currently in development; implementation of a stable and sustainable financial model; and presenting evidence that the University is operating at the highest level of efficiency, effectiveness, and service in its administrative operations
Prior to Drake, Maxwell served as director of the National Foreign Language Center in Washington, D.C., from 1993 to 1999, and as president of Whitman College in Walla Walla, Wash., from 1989 to 1993. He taught Russian language and literature at Tufts University from 1971 to 1989, and served as the university’s dean of undergraduate studies from 1981 to 1989. He is a graduate of Grinnell College and received his M.A. and Ph.D. from Brown University.
David Maxwell is married to Madeleine Mali Maxwell. As the president’s spouse, Maddy has worked tirelessly—essentially as a full-time volunteer—to bring the campus and community together in as many diverse and imaginative ways as possible. She has made the President’s Home a hub of Drake activity; to date, more than 13,000 students, faculty, staff, alumni, members of the community, and visitors from around the world have attended events, both large and small, at their home. She has been and continues to be very active in Des Moines, sharing her enthusiasm and talents with a broad range of nonprofit and community service organizations. In 2009, the Des Moines Business Record named her a Woman of Influence.
The Maxwells have two sons: Justin, a user experience guru in Silicon Valley; and Stephen, a physicist at a national laboratory. They are expecting their first grandchild in May.
Quotes from higher education leaders
"David Maxwell has served Drake University for 15 years with extraordinary skill and dedication to students, faculty, and the wider Des Moines community," said American Council on Education (ACE) President Molly Corbett Broad. "David's successor will take the helm of an institution that is strong academically and financially—and well-positioned to educate future generations of students. In addition to his profound impact on Drake, David has provided national leadership to ACE and the entire higher education community with his advocacy efforts on behalf of expanding the pipeline of students who have access to a postsecondary education."
“David Maxwell has made contributions to higher education in the United States that extend well beyond the confines of a single institution. David’s service to the AAC&U community—through the board of directors, the LEAP Presidents’ Trust, and the LEAP National Leadership Council—has been exemplary,” said Carol Geary Schneider, president of the 1,300-member Association of American Colleges & Universities (AAC&U). “Both practical and visionary, David has provided the kind of forward-thinking, creative, and concerned leadership that higher education needs.”
“In my 21 years representing 1000 private colleges and universities on federal policy matters, I count David Maxwell among the most distinguished presidents in the country,” said David L. Warren, president of the National Association of Colleges and Universities (NAICU). “As a member of the NAICU Board, David has taken the leadership role on policies that protect and improve our institutions. He has been wise in his counsel to the NAICU Board, and adroit in his advocacy efforts to enhance federal student aid, to roll back inappropriate regulations, and to preserve the exempt tax status of independent higher education. Only a very, very few presidents have done so much and so well, for so many. With David's retirement we will lose a great president of Drake University, but retain a great colleague and friend of private higher education.”
Drake’s Accomplishments During David Maxwell’s Tenure
Leadership:
- Implemented four strategic plans
- Developed new mission (2001, 2002) and vision statements (2001)
- Represented Drake at national summit at White House College Opportunity Summit (2014)
- Secured University-wide accreditation (2008)
- Effectively lead program review, ultimately leading Drake from a $6.5 million operating deficit to more than a decade of balanced budgets (2000)
- Well Workplace Awards from the Wellness Councils of America (Gold, 2009, 2006; Silver, 2006; Bronze, 2000)
- “Great Colleges to Work For” designation from The Chronicle of Higher Education (2008, 2009, 2012)
- Represented Drake on multiple regional and national boards and associations (* denotes current member)
- Association of American Colleges and Universities (AAC&U)
- National Leadership Council for the Liberal Education for America’s Promise (LEAP) Initiative* (AAC&U)
- American Council on Education
- National Association of Independent Colleges and Universities*
- Council for Higher Education Accreditation*
- Business/Higher Education Forum Executive Committee*
- Capital Crossroads Implementation Steering Committee*
- Co-chair, sub-committee on education for human capital committee*
- Neighborhood Improvement Task Force
- Conference Board—education associate
- Council on Economic Development*
- Council on Foreign Relations—Higher Education Working Group on Global Issues*
- Des Moines Higher Education Collaborative
- Downtown Community Alliance*
- Governor’s Healthiest State Initiative, Co-chair of Life-Long Learning sub-committee*
- Greater Des Moines Committee*
- Greater Des Moines Partnership
- Iowa Association of Independent Colleges and Universities* (served 2 terms as chair)
- Missouri Valley Conference, chair of Presidents’ Council*
- Peer Review—editorial board
- United Way of Central Iowa, 2013 Campaign Cabinet
- Wells Fargo Bank Iowa/Illinois Community Board*
Maddy Maxwell, spouse of the president, has also lent her talents to a number of nonprofit organizations during David’s tenure, including:
- American Heart Association’s Go Red for Women (founding committee)
- American Heart Association’s Heart Ball
- Animal Rescue League of Iowa’s advisory council
- Arthritis Foundation
- AViD (Authors Visiting in Des Moines) steering committee
- Bras for the Cause board
- Des Moines Community Playhouse
- Friends of Drake Arts steering committee
- Habitat for Humanity’s Women Build
- The Homestead board
- Iowa Department of Cultural Affairs Celebrate Iowa committee
- Positively Iowa 1-2-3
Buildings/Major Renovations:
- Alumni House (2014)
- Basketball Practice Facility (2014)
- Morgan E. Cline Atrium for Pharmacy and Science (2013)
- Renovation of Cartwright Hall (2013)
- Cowles Library University Archives (2013)
- Cowles Library 24-hour study space (2012)
- Fred and Patty Turner Jazz Center (2011)
- Renovation of Bulldog Theater to Sussman Theater (2012)
- Underground Fitness at the Olmsted Center (2012)
- Campus Signage and Way-finding (2011−2012)
- Renovation of Hubbell North Dinning Hall—the University’s first LEED certified building (2010)
- Renovation of Harvey Ingham Lecture Hall (2010)
- Converted 28th Street into a sustainable pedestrian walkway (2009)
- Drake West Village (2008)
- Renovation of the Quads residence halls (2007−2008)
- Kraige Newell Interactive Media Lab in Meredith Hall (2007)
- Renovation of Cole Hall (2007)
- Renovations to Morehouse and Jewett Halls (2006−2007)
- Renovation of Olin Hall (2006)
- Renovation of Drake Stadium (2005)
- Renovation of Pomerantz Student Union (2004)
- Helmick Commons (2002)
Academic Programs:
- Brought the Tom Harkin Institute for Public Policy and Citizen Engagement to Drake (2013)
- Created partnership with Iowa’s Department of Cultural Affairs to archive and display portions of Gov. Robert Ray’s gubernatorial papers (2013)
- New academic programs in health sciences, financial management, communications, and entrepreneurial management
- New Law School endorsements
- New Law School 3+3 programs
- Global partnerships – exchange relationships with Germany, China, Austria, Italy, Japan, India, and others
- Instituted 3-week January-Term
Philanthropy:
- Created a culture of philanthropy at Drake, including the nationally recognized Philanthropy@Drake Week
- Grew institutional endowment from $80 million to $185 million
- Lead distinctlyDrake, a $200 million comprehensive campaign that has so far secured more than 50 individual gifts of $1 million or more
- More than 100 newly created scholarship funds since 2008
- More than $25 million since 2008 to enhance teaching and learning, of which approximately $20 million went toward the endowment
- $8.8 million in six months for the Basketball Practice Facility (2013)
- $15 million in funding for the renovation of Drake Stadium, which has led to the stadium’s selection as site for the NCAA Outdoor Track and Field Championships in 2008, 2011, and 2012, and the USA Outdoor Track & Field Championships in 2010 and 2013 (2005)
- Successfully closed $190 million Campaign Drake—Think of the Possibilities (2002)
- More than $6 million from multiple donors including $2.5 million from The Principal Financial Group in 2011 to create The Principal Financial Group Center for Global Citizenship (2002)
- Attended nearly 2,500 alumni events
- Attended over 100 campaign events during the distinctlyDrake campaign
Admission:
- Since 1999, applications have grown nearly 177%, from 2,267 to 6,276
- Average first year enrollment in the 15 years prior to Maxwell’s tenure was 770; during his tenure it has been 822, including 847 over the last five years
- The incoming class ACT average in 1999 was 25.3; last year it was 27
- The incoming class high school GPA in 1999 was 3.50; last year it was 3.71
- Maxwell has been a prolific speaker for the admission office, having delivered:
- 150 welcome addresses during Iowa Private College Week
- 120 welcome addresses at Campus Preview Days and Admitted Student Days
- 40 addresses at Legacy Breakfasts
- 30 School Spirit Night addresses at the National Alumni Scholarship competition
- 30 luncheon addresses at the National Alumni Scholarship competition
Awards:
- National Association of Student Personnel Administrators Region IV President’s Award (2013)
- Greater Des Moines Leadership Institute A. Arthur Davis Distinguished Community Leadership Award (2012)
- Character Counts in Iowa Robert D. Ray Pillar of Character Legacy Award (2012)
- Council for Advancement and Support of Education District VI Chief Executive Leadership Award (2011)
Miscellaneous:
- Maxwell and his wife Maddy have hosted thousands of students at their home
- Played blues guitar at commencement, alumni events, student events, and community events
- Summited Mt. Kilimanjaro with the football team and engaged in service projects in Tanzania (2011)
- Instituted initiatives with the greater Des Moines community through the creation of a new position in his office aimed at forging strategic partnerships
- Increased Fulbright awards and Rhodes Scholarship awards, including four students earning Fulbright awards in 2013.
- Hosted nationally-televised Democratic (2007) and Republican (2007, 2011) presidential debates
Presidents and Chancellors of Drake University 1881−2015
Dr. George Thomas Carpenter*
President: 1881−1882
Chancellor: 1882−1893
Dr. Barton O. Aylesworth*
Acting Chancellor: 1894−1897
Dr. William Bayard Craig*
Chancellor: 1897−1902
Dr. Hill McClelland Bell*
Vice Chancellor: 1902−1903
President: 1903−1918
President Emeritus: 1918−1927
Dr. Arthur Holmes
President: 1918−1923
Dr. Daniel Walter Morehouse
Acting President: 1922−1923
President: 1923−1941
Dr. Henry Gadd Harmon
President: 1941−1964
Dr. Paul Frederick Sharp*
President: 1966−1971
Dr. Wilbur C. Miller
President: 1972−1985
Dr. Michael Ferrari
President: 1985−1998
Dr. Robert D. Ray*
President: 1998−1999
Dr. David Maxwell
President: 1999−Present
* Honorary DoctoratesRegistration for audition and interview dates and appointment times will be available this fall through our Acceptd portal. We honor these appointments by invitation only following the pre-screening process on a first-come, first-serve basis, for Carnegie Mellon applicants only.
Students applying Early Decision for Design/Production will receive an update on the status of their pre-screening application by November 3. Early Decision Interviews will be held that Saturday, November 6.
The School of Drama will hold all invited auditions and interviews virtually for Fall 2022 admission. virtual movement audition will be held in February for Music Theater candidates. Specific Acting and Music Theater dates are available through our Acceptd portal after a successful pre-screening application.
Please note: We cannot accommodate walk-in auditions/interviews.
Due to Carnegie Mellon’s COVID-19 mitigation efforts, we’re continuing to encourage students and families to connect with our community through our online visit opportunities that let you explore Carnegie Mellon’s campus and residence halls, chat with an admission counselor, sit in on an information session and hear from current students. To complement these offerings, the University now offers limited registrations for a self-guided Outdoor Campus Walking Route and on-campus Information Session. School of Drama visits and tours remain virtual. Please note we cannot accommodate visits to the School of Drama building or in-person meetings with faculty or staff at this time. You are welcome to view the School of Drama virtual tour online and sign up for a virtual Q&A here.
Our primary focus is the health and safety of our campus community as well as that of potential visitors to campus. Get the most up-to-date information on the university's guidelines and current response on CMU's Coronavirus Information page.
A Virtual Tour of the School of Drama facilities is available here.Gigi Hyland: 'Challenging' Times for Credit UnionsNCUA Board Member Discusses State of Credit Unions, Top Threats
"Overall, credit unions remain healthy and strong," Hyland says in a new podcast interview with Tom Field, editorial director for Information Security Media Group. "But just like with other types of financial institutions and businesses in general we see in the paper day in and day out, our nation's credit unions are really finding the current economic environment pretty challenging. The financial statistics that we gather every quarter really reflect, I think, the collective difficulties that our nation's credit unions are experiencing."
Over the past three years, Hyland says the aggregate net worth ratio for all federally insured credit unions dropped, from 11.51 percent to 9.91 percent. Add to that net-worth-ratio decrease the doubling of delinquency and loan charge-off ratios, as well as the fluctuation between negative and marginal profit levels, and it's easy to see that credit unions -- like other financial institutions -- have some rocky roads ahead of them.
"They have not been immune to the effects of the economic climate," Hyland said.
Partially as a result of tough economic times, credit unions have suffered increased incidents of insider crime, Hyland says. She lists the top five information security threats facing credit unions:
- Employee theft of data;
- Employee misuse of data;
- Debit and credit-card processor issues, ala the Heartland Payment Systems breach;
- External hacks, where an outside party gains access to a credit union's system;
- Third-party risks from service providers.
Hyland also discusses how credit unions are complying with the Identity Theft Red Flags Rule, as well as what she expects to see in terms of regulatory reform from pending federal legislation.
For more details, please listen to the recorded interview.ASCAP's 50 Most Performed Songs of the '90sItem: 00-MF9924
This item is permanently out of print
Product Details
Description
Highlights include: Another Day in Paradise * Beauty and the Beast * Because You Loved Me * Can't Help Falling in Love * Change the World * Eternal Flame * How Do I Live * I Swear * If I Could Turn Back Time * My Heart Will Go On * The Power of Love * Save the Best for Last * Take a Bow * Torn * Un-Break My Heart * Unchained Melody * A Whole New World * You're Still the One.
Contents
Additional Information
Join Our Community
Join a community of music enthusiasts with a passion for music education.
Stay Updated
Want to get the latest updates and special offers from Alfred Music?The Best Island Beaches In The World
People looking for an escape to tropical destinations should check through the different features of the location before booking a ticket. The world offers you plenty of options, from the calm stretch of sand to family-friendly resorts in the middle of the ocean. A vacation at the island beaches is the best plan for this summer. The best island beaches in the world are: • Gouverneur, St. Barts • White Beach, Boracay, Philippines • North Island, Seychelles • Reethi Rah, North Male Atoll • Parrot Cay, Turks and Caicos • Maundays Bay, Anguilla • Marco Island, Florida • Kiawah Island, South Carolina • El Nido, Philippines • Seger Beach, Indonesia • Blue Beach, Vieques,Puerto RicoRead more about how to meet italian women here.
The artwork of flirting is a should – far more than the icing on the cake, it‘s certainly one of life’s requirements and one you need to master if you wish to efficiently date an Italian woman. Primping is required – and is very necessary for the primary date. Italians love fashion and love being properly dressed in the latest type. So, don‘t spoil your probability. When courting an Italian, you need to look good and you actually need to care about your picture.
male opinions not requested. Italian ladies nonetheless imagine in the old school gentleman type of lifestyle and the due processes involved have to be observed just like in France. As a person, you are supposed to open the door for them, pull out their chairs at dinner, get the verify on the first date and the ladies first rule must be noticed. Staying with them won’t ever be boring. Ruled by passion, Italian women are – like their beloved Mount Etna – continuously able to erupt.
“She was criticised for her electric blue dress,” says Emiliana De Blasio, professor of Political Science at Luiss University in Rome. “But this was the primary time that I noticed the majority of individuals disagreeing with the evaluation, with such superficial evaluation in opposition to a political woman. So one thing has changed within the climate, in a month everything has modified in Italy. So we’re beginning to know that the battle is not solely towards Berlusconi. It’s towards our friends, partners, colleagues and managers. And if they are sexist, who can blame them?
furthers the efforts begun a long time in the past to acknowledge Italian ladies combatants, particularly in gentle of the current anniversary of the Unification in 2011 and international discussions concerning the position of girls within the navy. Its goal is to not glorify violence and struggle, however to rejoice the active position of Italian ladies in the evolution of their nation and to demystify the concept of the girl warrior, who has always been considered either as a unprecedented, virtually legendary creature or as an affront to the standard feminine id.
Every tradition really has people who are passionate and loving however for Italian girls, as a result of they are already accustomed to massive families and so they love to talk and eat, they have an inclination to find methods to coexist with rivalries, gossip, stubbornness and, typically, even hypocrisy. I assume Italian ladies stay as much as their expectation as being a few of the most beautiful folks on earth. Women have completely different bodies, no matter what ethnicity they’re, however Italian girls have a number of the most voluptuous. There is simply one thing so attractive about their brown eyes, darkish hair, and curvy figures.
- So, don‘t spoil your chance.
- typically italian women, resort additionally to go on dictionaries and define themelves as hot, cute, fairly, engaging and gorgeous.
- Food and wine obviously.
- Similarly, they have a few of the world’s best pink wines and since it’s everywhere, they drink lots of wine with lunch, after lunch, with dinner, after dinner, and so forth.
- As a end result, the country has an extraordinarily low birthrate.
“The nationalization of all the person destinies referred to as each person, man or lady, to take part actively in the building of the greatness of their country, “as Annalisa Terranova wrote in his “Camiciette Nere”. A rising share of younger women had been now employed in factories, however have been excluded from political life and were significantly exploited. Under the influence of socialist leaders, such as Anna Kuliscioff, women turned lively within the structure of the first Labour Unions. In 1902, the primary regulation to protect the labour of ladies (and kids) was approved; it forbade them working in mines and limited girls to 12 hours of labor per day. Maria Gaetana Agnesi, an Italian mathematician and linguist who was, in accordance with Dirk Jan Struik, “the primary necessary woman mathematician since Hypatia [fifth century A.D.]”.
No woman has come close to main this nation. Female politicians in Italy have usually been used both as ornament or as tokens of an equality that does not but exist. Maria Laura Rodotà is the former editor of Italian ladies’s journal Amica and a columnist with Corriere della Sera.
3. Family Comes First
Italian Women Writerslooks on the work of three of essentially the most vital women in late nineteenth century Italy whose home fiction and journalism addressed a rising female readership. Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development , just below half of Italy’s women have jobs, compared with an average of practically two out of three. At the identical time, Italian males have eighty more minutes of leisure time per day — the greatest distinction in the 18 international locations in contrast.
The Italian Republic (1945–present)Edit
To win the guts of the gorgeous Italian woman you have contacted, you must follow these steps, because dating a typical woman from this amazing space is little totally different to relationship tendencies in other cultures. Italians are pleasant and trustworthy, and from a foreigners point of view the Italian women are typically somewhat “spicy with oodles of ardour”. Italian females take pleasure in a good education – each genders have the identical alternatives for examine and a high percentage of ladies who graduate from University haven’t any problem when it comes to looking for a job. Located to the south of central Europe, Italy is an attractive nation featuring the Dolomite range of mountains in the north, lovely bays and seashores to the south, and has the city of Rome as its capital. In the form of a excessive-heeled boot, the Italian peninsula divides the Adriatic Sea and the Tyrhhenian Sea at an indirect angle operating northwest to southeast, with the Mediterranean to the south.from allrecipes.com
- Active Time
- 30 minutes
- Total Time
- 1 hour, 20 minutes +
Ingredients
- 3/4 cup Sugar
- 2 tablespoons Butter, softened
- 1/3 cup Flour, all-purpose
- 1/4 teaspoon Nutmeg, ground
- 6 Peaches, Fresh, skinned, pitted, and sliced (approx. 4 lbs.)
- 1 Pie Crust, 9 inch
Preparation
- 1. Preheat oven to 450 degrees.
- 2. Cream sugar and butter together. Add flour and nutmeg; mix until mealy. Spread 1/2 of mixture in pie crust. Arrange peaches on top of crumb mixture. Sprinkle remaining crumb mixture on top of peaches.
- 3. Bake at 450 degrees for 10 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees. Continue baking for 40 minutes, or until brown (add'l 10 minutes).Merco resistance ropes set
The Boxing Band Set is designed for effective training of boxers and wrestlers.To buy
Training PVC obstacle with four adjustable heights and width of 45 cm. Suitable for fitness exercise of athletes.Read more
Code: 10449
in stock > 10pcs
You can pick up the item today at the store .
By courier Wednesday 1. 12.
Plastic hurdle with extra adjustability up to 15 cm, 23 cm, 29 cm or 37 cm. The width of the hurdle is 45 cm. Suitable not only for training athletes and football.- 
Record 4K video and customize your security experience with this innovative Digital Video Recorder (DVR) from Lorex. Featuring support for Smart Motion Detection, Face Detection, Face Recognition, Active Deterrence, Privacy Masking, and Virtual Fence (Perimeter Protection), this DVR will help you stay-in-the-know and secure your property. It will also fit right in with your smart home thanks to its Smart Home compatibility and voice recognition that gives you hands-free accessibility to add extra convenience to your monitoring. The large security grade hard drive also protects your privacy by keeping your data safe with you and off any costly cloud storage services.
D862 Series Digital Video Recorder
D862A81B
SPECIFICATIONS
8
CHANNELS
DVR supports 8 cameras
4K
RESOLUTION
Ultra HD resolution
1TB
HARD DRIVE
Maximum Capacity 1 × 8TB hard drive
D862 Series Digital Video Recorder
D862A82B
SPECIFICATIONS
8
CHANNELS
DVR supports 8 cameras
4K
RESOLUTION
Ultra HD resolution
2TB
HARD DRIVE
Maximum Capacity 1 × 8TB hard drive
D862 Series Digital Video Recorder
D862A62B
SPECIFICATIONS
16
CHANNELS
DVR supports 8 cameras
4K
RESOLUTION
Ultra HD resolution
2TB
HARD DRIVE
Maximum Capacity 1 × 8TB hard drive
D862 Series Digital Video Recorder
D862A63B
SPECIFICATIONS
16
CHANNELS
DVR supports 8 cameras
4K
RESOLUTION
Ultra HD resolution
3TB
HARD DRIVE
Maximum Capacity 1 × 8TB hard drive_2<<_3<<
_5<<.
B Series.Tibbis
38,318pages on
this wiki
this wiki
Real World article
(written from a Production point of view)
(written from a Production point of view)
...as Rhylo
Tibbis is a Chinese Crested Dog who appeared as Rhylo, the pet of Dey Young's character Keyla in the Star Trek: Enterprise first season episode "Two Days and Two Nights" in 2002. Tibbis was like Prada, the dog who portrayed Porthos in this episode, trained by animal trainers Scott and Linda Rowe.
Tibbis previously worked with Prada on the movie Cats & Dogs in 2001, also trained by Scott and Linda Rowe.June 8, 2021
In Part One, I described the crises that lead to both my parents needing care at the same time. After three weeks in the ICU, dad was transferred to a skilled nursing facility for rehabilitation. It is amazing how much every-day functioning a person can lose when they are stuck lying in a bed for weeks. Even simple tasks that we take for granted, like bending down to pull on socks or climbing over the tub side to get in and take a shower or walking more than 100 feet were challenging.
The transfer to skilled nursing was not without its bumps. While dad is competent to make his own healthcare decisions, he was still on heavy doses of morphine. They consulted him, sort of, about where he would be transferred but not in a meaningful way. It was important to my brother and I that dad be close to mom. I knew that mom’s facility had a really good physical therapy department and I spoke with them about whether they had a bed available, which they did. So far so good. But, when I talked to dad’s nurse, she indicated he was going to a different facility; one that was across town and not as highly thought of as where mom was. I had discussed with the hospital discharge planner/social worker that I would like to be in the loop regarding dad’s discharge, but that didn’t happen until it was almost too late. After a frantic flurry of phone calls – and the planets aligning just right – dad was transferred to the same facility as mom. It would make things so much easier for my brother that they were both at the same place.
Now nearly six weeks later, dad is physically ready to go home; but, he can’t be discharged until the doctor changes his antibiotics from IV form to pill form. Because the antibiotic must be administered every eight hours, it was not possible to find a home health agency willing to provide the supervision. We’re keeping our fingers crossed that at dad’s next doctor visit at the end of the week the medication can be changed. Dad is really itching to be home and out of the nursing home.
Getting the “Wrong” Medical Diagnosis Can Cost You a Bundle. The majority of Dad’s medical bills, and stay in the hospital and nursing home, will be covered forby Medicare; however, mom is a different story. Since mom needs help with activities of daily living, such as bathing, dressing, toileting, and mobility– rather than help recovering from an injury or illness - none of her costs in the nursing home will be paid by Medicare. Currently, we are paying $10,000 per month for her care! Unfortunately, many people think that when we get old Medicare pays for everything. The truth is that Medicare only pays when you can be made better. As soon as the care you need is only custodial Medicare no longer pays. This is a huge problem for many people, including my parents.
Finances. As soon as the initial crisis was stabilized, with my brother’s help, I gathered mom and dad’s financial information. It wasn’t a very pretty picture. While they have always done OK, they are far from wealthy and don’t have a big nest egg – just like many of the families I work with. But their nest egg is larger than allowed for Medicaid qualification.
I did a little research regarding Maine’s version of Medicaid – MaineCare - and quickly decided that reaching out to a Maine elder law attorney would be a wise thing to do. While I am thoroughly versed in the ins and outs of planning and qualifying for California’s version of Medicaid – Medi-Cal – each state has their own take on it. I also knew that things would be more difficult, because mom and dad have very little planning in place; mom has a very basic and inadequate financial power of attorney and dad doesn’t have anything.
So, we will be taking the long, hard road, one that includes a trip to court to get authority to take mom’s name off accounts. We will also be evaluating available spend down options.
Good planning, completed sooner, would have made things smoother, allowed quicker qualification for Medicaid, made a difficult situation easier, and would have brought a sense of peace of mind. What does good planning look like? In terms of the legal documents the following should be included:
Advance Healthcare Directive: An AHCD allows you to select trusted persons who will make healthcare decisions for you. Such decisions range from where care should take place, whether or not to authorize tests and procedures, and if you should include end-of-life decisions like Do Not Resuscitate orders.
HIPAA Authorization: HIPAA is a law that protects your medical information from being shared. Unfortunately, the prohibition on sharing extends to family members including spouse and children. The HIPAA Authorization allows you to select trusted persons who can talk to your doctor and other medical providers. It does not give any authority to make medical decisions for you.
Durable Financial Power of Attorney: This allows you to select trusted persons who will make financial decisions for you. A thorough power of attorney can even allow your trusted person to engage in additional planning on your behalf.
Will: A will allows you to select trusted persons to wrap up your estate and transfer it to whomever you wish. It can also include sophisticated provisions to leave assets to a surviving spouse, but in a manner that will not impact the survivor’s’ eligibility to qualify for Medicaid.
Trusts: A trust is a legal entity that can help you centralize management of your finances during periods of incapacity, and pass assets to your loved ones on your death without going through the probate process, and minimize certain taxes. It comes in many varieties depending on what you desire to accomplish.
A final piece of any good long-term care or aging plan is a thorough discussion of how the long-term care system works, what Medicare does and does not pay for, and planning options if Medi-Cal (Medicaid) looks like it will be needed.
A Few Helpful Professionals: Geriatric Care Mangers (GCMs) are the best friend of anyone doing long-distance caregiving. They can save you a lot of leg work and are the go-to professional for identifying resources for seniors, such as home health agencies, care facilities, in-home care, elder-friendly doctors, and evaluating the senior’s care needs. For more information on Geriatric Care Managers and Aging Life Care Professionals visit.
Elder Law Attorneys can help you create a good estate plan, educate you regarding long-term care, and help you plan for Medicaid qualification. They have connections with GCMs, care placement agencies, and other resources. An excellent resource for locating elder law attorneys is the National Association of Elder Law Attorneys (naela.org).
Also, when a health situation raises its head, make friends with the nurses caring for your loved one. They are a wealth of information, often more patient and accessible than the doctors, and can provide you with helpful insights. Don’t be timid about asking questions, especially if you don’t understand the medical jargon.
If you live in the state of California and would like assistance in sorting through all of the steps and processes above, please contact The Chubb Law Firm at916-241-9661 to schedule a Discovery Meeting.Description
Organizations need to commit to examining the systemic barriers that block their ability to fully leverage the impact of women. Research conducted by Development Dimensions International revealed that only 30% of women rate themselves in the top 10% of leaders compared to 37% of men. And the gap only increases at more senior levels (63% of men compared to 49% of women). One area to leverage is in our leadership development efforts.
In this webinar, we’ll address:
- What does the ‘confidence gap’ look like for women?
- How our leadership development structures and processes might not support the closing of this confidence gap
- Potential methods to close the confidence gap via leveraging leadership development
Watch now
You can unsubscribe at any time. Personal information may be collected, used and disclosed in accordance with our privacy policy. more Iâ€™m the best witch hunter of the Second Prohibition. Maybe I am. I bagged and sent 18 bona fides to burn like Edison bulbs in Sing Sing.”
I’m looking forward to learning about you!
05/03/2012 at 10:15 am Permalink
Howdy!
1) On the exterior, I’m a long-distance parent to an amazing pre-teen with Asperger’s (who is swimmingly well-adjusted after some tough years), partner to an adventurer, a longtime agnostic Pagan, a Clarion West graduate, a feminist literature fanatic and sometime scholar, a lapsed blogger, a newbie narrator for an award-winning podcast, and ecstatic free-thinker who’s a sucker for drum circles, owls and utopia/dystopia/apocalyptic fiction. Once upon a time, I was a Women’s Studies professor and a writing instructor. On the inside, in my marrow, a writer and creative with a passion for the numinous.
2) My written expression tends toward speculative social themes involving gender, but I rarely set out with a didactic purpose. Characters in my fiction often yearn for something just out of reach and take irrational risks. I’m still reaching for pro-sales, but I’ve had a few pieces published here and there, and I’ve learned enough to consider myself “a real writer.”
3) Three sentences, from a recent story called “How Moliere Saved Lydia Bruer” (at Crossed Genres, if you’re interested, in the archive under “Heroes”):
“It may have been minutes or hours before Stennie found me lying there, with my mouth full of dirt and twin trickles of dried blood trailing from my nostrils to my ears. I didnâ€™t know her name until later, of course, but I remembered her face from the photographs. She squatted next to me, and I smelled the warm odors of her body mingled with the scent of the harsh detergent that chafed her hands.”
05/03/2012 at 10:21 am Permalink
1) I’m a technology professional in the film biz, a friend of Andy Romine’s; I play D&D, guitar, and Ogg Vorbis files (instead of mp3s).Â I’m an avid biker, a martial artist, and – when the mood strikes – a home improvement weekend warrior.Â Oh, and over the last year or two I’ve rediscovered a childhood love for writing.
2) I think “Speculative Fiction” is an apt moniker: I speculate a lot.Â I’ve got a couple of sci-fi stories and a novel in the works, some horror, and a bit of psychological thriller.Â Mostly, though, I write high fantasy – sword and sorcery, in a style I hope is reminiscent of the classic 30’s era pulp fiction… with updated moral sensibilities, of course.
3) I’m going to go with an excerpt as well.Â Not fantasy. 😉
“I stepped off the front porch, and made my way past the front of the house toward the waiting car.Â Passing the front window, I could not help but glance back inside; Mr. Balway had returned to his armchair in front of the fire.Â My skin crawled and my spine turned to ice, and I rushed onward, begging Sally to drive us out of there almost before I had opened the car door – for there, on the mantle, not three feet from where I had been standing,Â was a silver tiara with a large red stone in its crown.”
05/03/2012 at 10:49 am Permalink
1) I’m a web designer/developer living in Georgia (US, not Europe). My name is the same as a rather-talented jazz trombonist. In addition to writing, I also narrate stories for podcasts.
2) I write mostly sci-fi and fantasy, with a little horror when I’m feeling in the mood. All of my published work has been SF, although I have an adult fiction novel coming out within a year. Also, I write reviews and articles for Escape Pod.
3) An excerpt from “Side Effects”, a story about PPACA (google it) that I really hope to have published before it becomes law:
With no patients to see and nothing else to do but stare at the walls, I take the train downtown to the Spring Street Clinic. At the station, I have to navigate a maze of doctors–“check your cholesterol, sir?” and “that limp could be a sprain; want me to take a look?”–to get to street level. The physicians’ entrance to the clinic, five blocks away, opens to me when I swipe my HealthCard, and I stand for a moment in the vestibule, catching my breath after braving the smog–code red air alert, just like every summer day–and thanking a deity I no longer believe in that I haven’t sunk low enough to panhandle for patients.
05/03/2012 at 10:56 am Permalink
1) I’m a slightly sallow-eyed agent of chaos from All Over The Place, friend to Inkpunks, enemy of cilantro, Clarion 2011 graduate, and procrasterbator extraordinaire. In the past I was an archaeology student. In the future, I’ll probably be an archaeology student’s subject. My hobbies include putting holes in targets, making animals do my bidding, and lifting heavy things and subsequently putting them down.
2) I write weird shit. That’s about the long and short of it, hoss. You can call it magical realism, you can call it slipstream. It’s weird. Previously I’ve sold to Lightspeed, Strange Horizons, and Reflection’s Edge. I’m currently writing a pulp piece with a lead protagonist who drops the f-bomb a lot, so I guess you could also say I write what I know.
3) Oh fine, I’ll throw up an excerpt from the pulp piece. This self-promotion stuff isn’t as natural to me as self-deprecation.
“Rhyeâ€™s fresh out of the army and fresh back from one of the meat-grinders the humans pay her kind to fight in the first time she meets Rack. The children of wires and circuits arenâ€™t worth a tinkerâ€™s fuck compared to the children of real flesh and bone, so far as the worldâ€™s concerned. The recruitment agents pluck her off the streets when sheâ€™s twelve and send her to a training camp and sheâ€™s good with linguistics and better at killing, so they keep her hands busy until sheâ€™s twenty-five and then they spit her back out again like a mouthful of cum.”
05/03/2012 at 11:21 am Permalink
1. I’m a bookseller from Winnipeg, so when I’m not writing my own books I’m selling everybody else’s.Â
2. I write fantasy, mostly of the Urban variety, though I have a soft spot for Sword and Sorcery also. My fiction has appeared in On Spec and my novel “Thunder Road” hits the shelves this fall.Â
3. Here’s a snippet from Chapter Two of Thunder Road:
A whisper came from behind Ted. The lights flickered and Ted felt an electric jolt. Spasms rippled through his muscles, but he was still unable to move his body.
“This chain was made of a cat’s footfalls and the roots of a mountain; from the breath of fish and the beards of women. You cannot break Gleipnir.” The dwarf came around to face Ted, giving the chain a little shake. “It held the wolf until Ragnarok. It will hold you.”
05/03/2012 at 11:26 am Permalink
1. Robert Jackson Bennett, writer, dad, gardener, ineffectual handyman.
2. Horror, scifi, fantasy – speculative fiction aimed at looking at big, hard questions. The nature of the world, and our place in it; the limits of our perspectives; how our pride, vanity, and isolation lead us to hurt one another and ourselves; the tenability of simple moralities from a big-picture perspective. You know, all kinds of shit.
3. Three sentences, exactly:
“Consciousness (like, some would eagerly point out, pandimensional space) has levels: your mind is not one whole, but a wild variety of systems layered on top of one another and, in some key places, blended together. A person, a consciousness, is many, many moving parts, all clamoring to eat up information, transport information, or, in some cases (such as Monaâ€™s for the years before her arrival in Wink), angrily trying to block any information altogether.
And though Mona â€“ or at least the overarching consciousness referred to as â€œMonaâ€ â€“ sees and experiences nothing but darkness as she is instantaneously transported through physical space (with mountain walls becoming permeable, like great walls of soft, rippling water), there are parts of her that are not only aware of themselves, but are also aware of their distant, separated brothers and sisters, which are being transported alongside one another.”
05/03/2012 at 12:00 pm Permalink
Dudes, we have cool friends.
05/03/2012 at 12:30 pm Permalink
1. I’m Louis Carter, I like comics and Dinosaurs. And pies. If you’re in the Yorkshire area check out. That’s not self-promotion, but I figure what the hey, spread the karma.
2. Based on the time my dad threw my copy of Peter Rabbit into the bin from the other side of the room, I try to write the sort of children’s stories that don’t make parents all aggressive and angry. Future generations will thank me for it.
Art wise, I draw whatever people want me to. People seem to like my tentacled monsters.
3.
“The Shanks Family Curse could strike at any time. Great Aunt Hilda was the oldest victim yet, eaten by a lion at the age of ninety two. A honey-related mishap in a cave full of bears finished Baby Bobby before he was even three.”
Art wise, check out my blog:
05/03/2012 at 1:00 pm Permalink
1.Â I am James C. Gammage.Â US Army Soldier, writer, reader, studier of ancient lore.
2. I write mainly science fiction.Â My first set of novels to be released are going to cover a story I’ve had living in me since 1997.Â Other than that, I plan to write other types of sci-fi, but for now – it’s space opera, all the way.
3. Excerpt:
After the words left his mouth, the lighting in the room changed and new alarms began to sound.Â The shriek of metal on metal continued as the
Majikâ€™s crew struggled to pull her away from her sister ship.Â Beyond the
transteel viewports set into the front of the command center, the scene was
utter chaos.Â A fleet of what looked like fifteen Grak ships were moving amongst the ten UA ships already present in orbit.Â Arcs of energy and blasts of artillery fire filled the void around the ships.Â Moving through all of that, there were hundreds upon hundreds of fighter craft, locked in death struggles with each other.Â
The Maelstrom.
05/03/2012 at 1:12 pm Permalink
Â 1)
I’m a Jewish journalist, editor and writer who appears to be getting slowly but surely drafted into games. I split most of the last year between Washington and California, but I may start splitting time between Washington and Colorado. I do some freelancing assisting writers and scholars with everything from PR to catching up on their filing.
2)
I write more non-fiction and news than I do fiction. I write a lot about loss, often framed in science fiction and horror. I don’t really write anything that can be construed as friendly, pretty or happy.
I’ve been writing stories since I was a kid around the rest of my life, and got my start learning how to cut my teeth on the submissions process for fiction with a piece of flash fiction in 2008.
3)
“I can hear him empty the till in its entirety, down to coins. When he’s digging pennies out, I start praying. My lips brush against the tile while I try to form words, fingers shaking on the back of my neck, my head.”
05/03/2012 at 1:48 pm Permalink
1) I’m an alien in love with a robot. We have one child who is covered in brown and white fur, has four legs and a tail, and always sasses us back saying the same thing: “Marou.”Â
It’s good to be an alien.2) I write about fate and strange fishes, gorgons and water-breathing girls, bottled dreams and hungry toothsome body parts.
3) “The skyfish circled high
above, between the tops of the buildings that towered over Lucindaâ€™s favorite
park. MenÂ fished off the tops of
the buildings, baiting lobster traps with chicken breasts and tethering dragonflies
with concealed hooks, then crouching behind exhaust vents and domed skylights
to wait. Lucinda couldnâ€™t hear the skyfish, but she imagined they were
thinking, do these people think weâ€™re idiots?”
05/03/2012 at 2:31 pm Permalink
1. I’m a full-time author, editor, and game designer. I’ve won a few awards and I love what I do. I’m married to the ever brilliant and patient Jeff and have custody of 3 cats and 1000+ books.
2. I lean towards dark speculative fiction. I am currently, as in at this moment, writing a YA horror sci-fi novel, a weird west horror novella, a Battletech webserial, and an urban fantasy ghost story graphic novel.
3. An excerpt from THE LADY OF SEEKING IN THE CITY OF WAITING:
Falling was not the whole of her being,
but it was the first thing she recognized. She was falling. With that
realization came terror, compounded by the sense she had no body; she was
nothing more than a decapitated head tumbling end over end with no way to stop
herself and no way to scream her fear.
As she tumbled into an imagined stygian
hell, the light grew, beating against her closed lids. The light was too steady
to be flame. Although she could not open her eyes, her ears picked up the
sudden transition from silence into not silence. She had no time to ponder,
consider, or analyze what she was hearing when her body returned to her and she
hit the ground face first.
05/03/2012 at 5:42 pm Permalink
1. I am Paul Weimer. I am forty years old, and have been reading genre for more than thirty.
2. Nothing, really, at present. Fear holds me back. I do write book reviews, and articles and Mind Melds and stuff like that, much of it for SF Signal and the Functional Nerds. Plus lots of comments.
3.My author heroes include but are not limited to Roger Zelazny, Steven Brust, and Elizabeth Bear.
05/03/2012 at 6:08 pm Permalink
I live in Cleveland, Ohio, and have worked in marketing for ten years. A couple years ago, I co-edited an anthology called Machine of Death and am now co-editing the sequel. I’ve also been lucky enough to sell stories to Asimov’s Science Fiction, Strange Horizons, Shimmer, Daily Science Fiction, and others.
About six months ago, I finally came to terms with the fact that I really like writing historical fiction and that’s okay. Until then, most of the stories I sold were science-fiction. I have no objection to mixing the two (or fantasy or horror).
As far as I’m concerned, C.S. Forester practically perfected historical adventure fiction. On my good days, my stories are about one-tenth as compelling as his.
05/03/2012 at 10:12 pm Permalink
1. I am an illustrator, animator, and designer and I’ve had my own business doing just that for the past 14 years. I am also an artist though I don’t do personal work nearly enough. On top of that I am a horror and fantasy writer. I imported my wife from Switzerland and we share our house with four cats.
I have many names – Jacob Ruby and Virginia Ray (pen names), Bear Weiter (real but not legal name)…
2. I typically write horror and fantasy, sometimes light, sometimes dark (Jacob is the dark side, Virginia is the light…). I’m not always certain if a particular piece is more horror or fantasy and I often don’t care too much. I’m drawn to youth in my stories (though not exclusively), perhaps because of their unique perspectives and a more openness toward the supernatural.
3. An except from my short story “The Little Things” – in the February 2012 issue of Black Static:â€”what didnâ€™t.
06/03/2012 at 1:47 am Permalink
1) I’m a software geek, photographer, and backpacker who always wanted to be an explorer. Â But since there’s not much happening in the field of exploration these days, I thought I’d try my hand at writing instead. Â So far it’s working out pretty well.
2) I write all shades of science fiction and fantasy, though my two favorite niches seem to be comedy and space-based science fiction. Â That said, I did get a dark fantasy/historical piece published just recently, and I’m working on an epic fantasy novel that will turn out awesome if I can get the words on the paper to sound even half as good as the ideas in my head.
3) An excerpt from the historical fantasy short that just got published, called “The Talisman of Hatra”:
“Have you ever seen the walls of Hatra from the East, when the dawn sets the red walls aflame, and the gem of the temple dome sparkles as though we were witnessing the birth of a second sun? Â I have never laid eyes on Rome, or Alexandria, but surely there is no greater sight than Hatra and her mighty walls towering over the desert.”
06/03/2012 at 12:20 pm Permalink
1. I’m an SEO guy for a company that sells pet supplies online by day and a spec fic, sci-fi, and fantasy writer by night. I’m also an avid gamer and write about video games on several different sites.
2. I like writing stories that start with “what if?” That’s probably the coolest phrase that’s ever been invented, followed closely by “Free tacos today.” I write stories about spaceships, airships, far-off lands, made-up places, and scary things found on abandoned highways in the middle of the night. I don’t really like happy endings.
3. I don’t have an excerpt ready to go, but one of the authors I really admire is China Mieville. I love how versatile he is, able to write the Bas-Lag books, then a police procedural, and then a straight-up sci-fi novel.
06/03/2012 at 2:47 pm Permalink
Â 1. Â Iâ€™m a writer, author, and blogger. I wrote a
sci-fi web serial called Unknown Transmission for a few years. I have a number
of short stories in horror anthologies. Iâ€™m a partner in a content development company
called KCWMS. We provide written content for commercial websites, blogs, press
releases, PPC ad campaigns, and marketing collateral.
2. Â I write supernatural horror stories about imperfect
people who become uncomfortably aware of the existence of evil, malign forces and
the imminence of death. I do this because Iâ€™ve seen some shitty days in my life
that could only be made worse by the presence of genuine ghoulies, ghosties and
long-legged beasties. I just finished writing a novel-length story called
Cottonwood. Itâ€™s in edits right now.
3. Â Excerpt: â€œHeâ€™d have to find new clothes, a
new toothbrush, and a place to stay until he could figure out how to collect
his brother from Sheriff Jessup and get the hell out of Cottonwood. Everything
was fucked.â€Â
06/03/2012 at 3:28 pm Permalink
1. I was a freelance science and medical writer and editor for about 20 years as Shauna S. Roberts. Then I attended Clarion in 2009, dropped the S. (for Sue) from my name, and became a fiction writer. I like reading, sleeping, bellydancing, growing herbs and roses, and listening to and playing Medieval music.
I am promoting myself today (Thanks, John, Andy, Adam, and other Inkpunks!) Â here because I am in my secondâ€”and finalâ€”year of eligibility for the John W. Campbell Award for best new science fiction or fantasy author. When you fill out your Hugo ballot and are nominating Andy Romine for the Campbell Award, please consider taking a few extra seconds to nominate me as well. If you’ve never heard of me before, please visit my Campbell profile atÂ and judge for yourself how I compare with the other eligible people. Thanks.Â
This has been a commercial interruption. Now back to the regular scheduled programming.
2. I write primarily speculative fiction and historical fiction. My first published novel, Like Mayflies in a Stream (Hadley Rille Books, 2009), was set in ancient Mesopotamia and was inspired by the “Epic of Gilgamesh.” I have a fantasy novel, Ice Magic, Fire Magic, coming out from Hadley Rille Books in 2013. If I can get my act together, I will self-publish my fantasy novel Shrine of the Heavens this spring.
3. If you go to my Campbell profile atÂ, there are links to several things of mine. So I’ll list three of my author heroes: Guy Gavriel Kay (for writing fantasy novels with little or not fantasy and for having multiple main characters); Barbara Hambly (for writing great books in many genres, breaking the rule about having to stick to one genre); and Ursula LeGuin (for hooking me on fantasy and writing books that inspire).Â
06/03/2012 at 10:07 pm Permalink
1) Iâ€™m a geeky gamer girl living in Seattle, married to the best man in the world.Â I am an identical twin.Â I have Masterâ€™s degrees in English Lit and Public Health, and primarily studied poetry composition as an undergrad.Â I work full-time, and write only in my spare time.
2) I write short fiction and poetry, primarily what you might call mythic fiction â€“ stories inspired by fairy tales, folklore, and superstitions.Â My stories cross genres, but are mostly dark fantasy or horror.
3) Hereâ€™s a quote from my story on Cabinet des Fees for Demeterâ€™s Spicebox:
His ports sang with the mingled voices of merchants from all across the known world bartering for his elephant ivory, his rhinoceros horns and hides, his tortoise shell and obsidian and emeralds, his frankincense and myrrh, his salt and wheat, and his slaves and liveÂ animals.Â He controlled everything that he could see, buy, orÂ sell. Â Everything, except for his three daughters.
07/03/2012 at 9:02 am Permalink
1. I am an author and an Assistant Editor of Electric
Velocipede. I’m also a retired belly
dancer, vegan, ridiculously fond of the movie ALIEN, and sleep with two rescued
pit bulls curled up at my feet. My debut novel, INK, will be published in
December of 2012 from Samhain Publishing.
2. My novels are all character-driven horror. With respect
to short stories, I dabble in other genres, but they’re all tinged with sorrow
or hurt in some way.
3. This is the opening to my most recently published short
story, IN HER ARMS OF DRESDEN PALE, which appeared in Daily Science Fiction:
“She was broken when he met her, shattered into a
thousand tiny shapes, all with jagged edges. He gathered up her pieces and
carried them home.”
Â
09/03/2012 at 4:42 pm Permalink
1. I’m an operations specialist by desire, pharmacist by education, working in home health care. My personal time is filled with my pursuits of history, anthropology, myth and legends. I’m a Fortean, Sage and student of everything strange. I was born in the year of the Dragon.
2. I write Science Fiction, Fantasy, and on occasion stuff I’m told is horror. I’ve published several short pieces and I’m working on a novel that was critiqued at last year’s (2011) Taos Tool Box.
3. I’m going to conclude with an excerpt from my short story “Dark Vessel” published in PIne Hill Press’ Pandora’s Nightmare: Horror Unleashed (An Anthology) in 2010.
Anesidor’s voice was hollow. â€œTwo vessels was Hepaistos ordered
to forge. I am the second. Even through
his sorrow for the plight of his brother, and the harm I had done, my lord Epimetheus was not the fool the Olympians
took him for. He sensed what they had wrought in me. Using arts learned before
the sun burned he caused me to forget. He bathed me in his own blood to render
the eyes of Olympus blind to my presence. He
thought in this way I could not be used. Because I was made, not born, I have wandered
all these many ages in dream, only now to awaken to nightmare. Stripped away is
everything Prometheus gave man. Oblivion is the last vengeance of the gods.
Again I am made to be the hand of cataclysm.â€IMF wants more reforms for Ukraine to get next part of loan
- Online negotiations with the IMF mission, which ran from late December to Feb. 12, focused on strengthening governance of the central bank.
- Have agreed on the next steps ... and clearly understand the expected results.
KYIV: Ukraine must make more progress on reforms to unlock the next part of a $5 billion loan, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) representative in Kyiv said on Saturday, after what he described as productive talks.
"Discussions will continue," Goesta Ljungman said in a statement.
Online negotiations with the IMF mission, which ran from late December to Feb. 12, focused on strengthening governance of the central bank, improvements to the legislative and regulatory framework for bank supervision and resolution, policies to reduce the medium-term fiscal deficit, legislation restoring and strengthening the anti-corruption framework and the judiciary, as well as on energy policy, he said.
Following the IMF statement, Ukraine's Prime Minister Denys Shmygal said the government would take into account recommendations suggested by the mission.
"Have agreed on the next steps ... and clearly understand the expected results," Shmygal wrote on Twitter, without giving details.
President Volodymyr Zelenskiy will ask parliament to urgently vote on bills on judicial reform, his office said in a statement.
Ukraine expects to receive $2.2 billion spread across three equal tranches from the IMF in 2021, Central Bank Governor Kyrylo Shevchenko has told Reuters.
Last June, the IMF approved the $5 billion loan programme and disbursed the first tranche of $2.1 billion to help the economy, which has been hit hard by the coronavirus pandemic..Fundamental and practical aspects of X-Ray Powder Diffraction with the emphasis on the hands-on training on Empyrean or X’Pert3 Powder in conjunction with Data Collector and HighScore software.
The course is intended for both new and existing users of Empyrean and X’Pert3 Powder (X’Pert PRO MPD) diffractometers. The main purpose of this course is to help you to get the best results out of your instrument in terms of data quality, and it comprehensively covers the various aspects of Powder Diffraction, from the basic principles of the method to the optimization of scan parameters, concluding with more advanced applications such as parallel beam geometry, microdiffraction and 2D XRD. The main emphasis is on the practical aspects of work, with extensive hands-on sessions on Empyrean or X’Pert3 Powder in conjunction with the Data Collector software and the HighScore suite.
Course content
The main aspects covered during the course are the following:
• Basic principles of X-ray diffraction
• Hardware components and their function
• Practical aspects of sample preparation and data collection, fluorescent samples
• Set-up of measurement programs in Data Collector, automation possibilities
• Pattern treatment, phase identification, crystallite size analysis and set-up of analysis routines in HighScore
• Transmission vs reflection, parallel beam geometry, microdiffraction and 2D XRDFrasers Property Thailand and Samyan Mitrtown in 6th blood donation drive
1 million CC of blood products collected through the continuous campaigns
published : 18 Oct 2021 at 14:28
The COVID-19 pandemic has been creating critical blood shortages in Thailand. To supply sufficient blood and blood products for patients in need during this challenging period, Frasers Property (Thailand) Public Company Limited, or FPT, a leading integrated real estate platform in Thailand, Samyan Mitrtown and the Thai Red Cross co-hosted the sixth blood donation at Samyan Mitrtown between 14 – 15 October 2021.
Frasers Property Thailand’s integrated platform of residential, industrial and commercial have made a unified movement for the blood drive. On 14 October 2021, FPT’s Country CEO and CEOs of the residential and industrial business took part in this blood donation to raise public awareness and stakeholder engagement.
The blood donors were given a special t-shirt illustrated by Thitipoom Phetsangkhat (Golf), a famous Thai illustrator of the renowned “Millions Monster”, as an appreciation gift to the donor. The t-shirt has a meaningful graphic supporting giving back to the community through blood donation.
To-date, the collaboration of FPT and Samyan Mitrtown for the blood drive campaigns collected 1,427,650 CC of blood for the Thai Red Cross. 340,200 CC of blood was collected from the blood donors at the recent blood donation activity. FPT is committed to local communities and giving back to society. The next activity will be held in January 2022.In recent weeks, developments in Afghanistan, Pakistan’s uninhibited involvement in setting up the Taliban cabinet and its purported role in escalating violence in Kashmir have held the attention of Indian policymakers.
Beyond this, however, is another serious threat to India’s security interests: multiple cyberattacks from Pakistan-based hacker groups targeting India’s critical infrastructure and government servers. These attacks eclipse the earlier ‘nuisance value’ acts of vandalising Indian websites – a regular Pakistani habit. The new attacks demonstrate a step-up of Pakistan’s cyber capabilities and work concurrently with its persistent anti-India cyber disinformation campaigns like those pertaining to Kashmir and Indian interests in Afghanistan. Now is the time for India to neutralise the Pakistani cyber threat before it assumes menacing proportions.
Pakistan is getting there. In early August, the U.S.-based cybersecurity firm Black Lotus Labs reported that a Pakistan-origin malware called ‘ReverseRat 2.0’ had targeted Indian government officials by sending a forged invite for a United Nations meeting on organized crime with a Microsoft Teams link.[1] Its impact is still not known. ReverseRat 2.0 can breach the device of its intended victims, and the malware can remotely click photographs via its webcams, even retrieve files from USB devices plugged into the infected device. According to Black Lotus Labs, this is an advanced version of Pakistan’s earlier malware ‘ReverseRat’, detected just two months prior in June 2021 targeting India’s power sector and government departments.[2]
India has been on the radar of Pakistani hackers for some time. In 2020, security researchers from Ireland-based Malwarebytes Labs cybersecurity firm noticed attempts from a hacking group, APT36 – a Pakistani state-sponsored malicious actor, to infiltrate Indian government, diplomatic and military networks, and honey trap defence personnel for stealing sensitive data related to Pakistani military and diplomatic interests.[3] Its modus operandi involved spear phishing emails with a malicious link, purportedly from the Indian government. The group has been active since 2016, indicating its long cyber espionage campaign.
Pakistan’s recent anti-India cyber activity must be viewed in the backdrop of its new Cyber Security Policy 2021, which seeks to position Pakistan as an important participant in the global conversation on cybersecurity.[4] While the new policy does not explicitly mention the pursuit of cyber offensive capabilities for pre-emptive use, it does display more teeth in its messaging to Pakistan’s potential adversaries than the earlier Prevention of Electronic Crimes Act, 2016.
Whereas the 2016 Act’s stated objective was to control the escalation of cyber offences in Pakistan and transgressions related to information systems,[5] the most significant assertion in the recent law is that any cyberattack on a Pakistani establishment will hereafter be treated as an assault on Pakistan’s sovereignty and invite suitable retaliation. Unsurprisingly, the document has no clarity on the nature of retaliation, and whether it will be implemented using cyber offensive campaigns or more conventional methods.
From India’s perspective, it may appear that committing to retaliation in the cyber domain might not be sufficient to deter Pakistan’s adversaries given its limited cyber capabilities. But it is more likely that the actual objective of this vagueness is to grant Pakistan flexibility and unpredictability in its retaliation.
Although Pakistani hacking activities against India lack the sophistication of Chinese state-sponsored hacking groups, it is compensated for by the tenacity of the well-designed and catchy propaganda unleashed by Inter-Services Public Relations of the Pakistani Army, such as in the aftermath of the August 2019 abrogation of Article 370 and bifurcation of India’s erstwhile state of Jammu and Kashmir. For this, it utilised fake profiles, cyber trolls, journalists, and Pakistani diplomats, focussing on themes such as alleged human rights violations by Indian security forces in the Kashmir Valley, the plight of ordinary Kashmiris, scaremongering on the possibility of an India-Pakistan nuclear war, etc. This propaganda gained temporary traction with viral posts and trending Twitter hashtags, but it failed to cause any significant dent in India’s global image.
More critical for India is Pakistan’s status as China’s client state. Pakistan’s propaganda machinery has been busy concocting anti-India propaganda throughout the ongoing India-China border stand-off in eastern Ladakh to embarrass India and score points with China.[6] Although there is no material evidence to prove that these actions are carried out at China’s behest, there are suspicions of cooperation between Pakistani and Chinese state-backed hackers in cyberattacks directed against India after the abolition of Articles 370 and 35A.[7] In fact, the Long-Term Plan for China-Pakistan Economic Corridor identifies information and communications technology infrastructure development as a key area of bilateral cooperation, and the commercialisation of the 820-km long Rawalpindi-Khunjerab optical fibre network in February 2019, represents a successful outcome of the same.[8]
It is imperative, therefore, that India effectively prepares to counter the cyber threat from Pakistan. In recent years, India has strengthened its cybersecurity capabilities by creating institutions like the Defence Cyber Agency and putting in place policy frameworks like the National Cyber Security Policy of 2013. This has acted as an umbrella policy document that traces a plan for wholistic, cooperative and coordinated responses to address cybersecurity issues within the country.[9] It is now being recast as the National Cyber Security Strategy to take a proactive approach to cyber issues. Universities like the National Forensic Sciences University in Gujarat offer cyber forensics courses. And the National Critical Information Infrastructure Protection Centre has begun working with the public and private sectors to secure critical infrastructure from cyber threats.
It’s paying dividends. India has improved its ranking on the recently released Global Cybersecurity Index 2020, published by the UN’s International Telecommunication Union, by 37 places, from 47th position in 2018 to 10thposition – above China at 33 and Pakistan at 79.[10] [11]
Sameer Patil is Fellow, International Security Studies Programme, Gateway House.
Aditya Bhan is Assistant Professor, Economics, FLAME University.]
[2]
[3]
[4]
[5] Prevention of Electronic Crimes Act 2016 – Cyber Crime Act Pakistan (lawsofpakistan.com)
[6] See Ladakh Standoff with China: How India Lost over 5000 sq. km? (pakistanperspectives.com), for instance.
[7] Increased Cyber Attacks on India Continue Amid Suspicions of Pak-China Collaboration (news18.com)
[8] China-Pakistan Cyber Security Cooperation – Pakistan Observer (pakobserver.net)
[9] See National Cyber Security Policy 2013: An Assessment | Manohar Parrikar Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses (idsa.in).
[10]
[11]Team Puerto Rico
In June, 13 students from Boston Arts Academy "Team Puerto Rico" will be traveling to Puerto Rico to help La Escuela libra De Musica (La Libre) an art high school similar to their own, that was affected by Hurricane Maria. They will also be partnering with Escuela libra De Musica (La Libre) to bring aide to neighboring communities that are still without water or electricity by rebuilding, beautification, and donating supplies. While there they also hope to artistically collaborate with the students of Puerto Rico, learning about their culture, language and the values of the people.
To accomplish this goal they need to raise a total amount of $10,700.
Any gift large or small will put them closer to their mission statement "Rebuilding Community with Social Responsibility" which links to BAA's shared values.
Please consider being a part of Team Puerto Rico! Together they can make positive changes in the world by Rebuilding Communities With Social Responsibility.
Thank you for taking the time to visit their page and consider making a donation. Please consider sharing this page with your friends and family - a little goes a long way. Thank you again!
DonationsSee top donations
- Amie Reardon
- Tonya Tedesco
- Andria Lewis
- Patricia Young
- Susan CamerThese melt-in-your-mouth wafers are filled with a rich raspberry-flavored all-purpose flour
3/4 cup Land O Lakes® Butter, softened
2/3 cup powdered sugar
5 tablespoons Land O Lakes® Heavy Whipping Cream
Sugar
Filling
1 1/2 cups powdered sugar
2 tablespoons Land O Lakes® Butter, softened
4 teaspoons Land O Lakes® Heavy Whipping Cream
1 teaspoon raspberry-flavored coffee drink syrup
*Substitute 3/4 teaspoon raspberry flavoring.
STEP 1
Heat oven to 375°F.
STEP 2
Combine flour, 3/4 cup butter and 2/3 cup powdered sugar in bowl. Beat at low speed, scraping bowl often, until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Gradually stir in 5 tablespoons whipping cream.
STEP 3.
STEP 4
Combine 1 1/2 cups powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 teaspoons whipping cream and raspberry syrup in small bowl. Beat at medium speed until creamy.
STEP 5
Spread scant teaspoonful filling on unsugared side of 1 cookie; top with second cookie. Squeeze together gently. Repeat with remaining cookies./cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/70169380/usa_today_17195317.0.jpg)
1. Jayson Tatum carried over his strong performance in Atlanta to this win over the Los Angeles Lakers. Tatum finished with 37 points on 13-of-26 shooting. Tatum hit 4-of-9 from deep, but what really stood out was him getting to the basket. Did Tatum get away with a chick wing here? Maybe, but it’s good to see him go strong off a cut:
All that’s missing from this finish over Malik Monk is the “He’s too little!” motion:
This drive came in transition. Look right as Tatum gathers. He takes the bump from LeBron James and still finishes strong at the rim:
On the previous two clips and this next clip, you see that Tatum took some contact. What you don’t see is the ball falling off the rim while Tatum complains for a foul. Just strong finishes at the rim here:
You wanna finish off your rival? You do it with force:
Re-watch the above clip to see how fired up Tatum is after the basket drops, including a high-five so hard to Al Horford that Horford was left shaking his stinging hand!
2. Marcus Smart put together another really good game. He’s been very good for about two weeks now, which just happens to coincide with Boston playing their best basketball of the season.
Over the last couple of weeks, Ime Udoka has let Smart work from the post more. It generally results in good stuff for the Celtics. Here, Smart picks on Malik Monk, who doesn’t have the bulk to keep him from getting into the paint:
No pun intended, but this is a smart play. Smart keeps the ball long enough to hold his defender, while also keeping Anthony Davis at the paint. That opens up Josh Richardson for the jumper:
No one on the Celtics enjoys throwing lobs to Rob Williams more than Marcus Smart does. With Williams out, Smart threw the “Rob lob” to Al Horford here:
3. The Celtics other starting guard in this one had a little revenge on his mind. Dennis Schroder said there was “no way” he was missing this game against the Lakers, despite rolling his ankle against the Hawks on Wednesday. Schroder delivered.
Over and over, Schroder broke down the Lakers defense and got into the paint for layups or pullups. And he made some pretty good plays as a passer too. This is really good offense by Schroder to take the delay/backup dribble to keep the defender from trailing Grant Williams’ late cut:
Later in the third quarter, this is just a gorgeous pick-and-roll bounce-pass to Al Horford:
Schroder had a couple of sloppy turnovers, but overall, he was excellent for the Celtics against one of his former teams.
4. Al Horford and Josh Richardson have shown up a couple of times in the clips above. Both players did what they’ve been doing for a while now: Putting in a solid, if unspectacular effort on both ends of the floor. Boston would be in real trouble without either of the veterans. They both show up and do their jobs on an almost nightly basis. That’s got to give Ime Udoka some level of comfort in an up-and-down season to date.
5. In a blowout victory, we’re not going to nitpick too much with negative clips. That said…what in the world is Grant Williams doing here? Either actually double-team or, you know, stay with one of the best players of all-time:
On the flip-side: How confident is this catch-and-shoot pull off an inbounds set?
Grant’s good. And he has been all season.
6. With Robert Williams sidelined, Ime Udoka called on Enes Kanter again. The box score won’t show much stats-wise, but in 10 straight minutes of floor-time bridging the first and second quarter, Kanter was a huge part of Boston’s comeback. He did his job on offense as a screen-setter. On defense, he stood up Anthony Davis on a couple of straight post-up attempts.
The Lakers did the Celtics some favors by not challenging Kanter in pick-and-roll, but it was a good stint for the big man. Udoka didn’t push his luck and went small as the Lakers downsized throughout the second half. But that first Kanter-stint was a big part of Boston getting back in the game.
7. Romeo Langford’s box score is as similarly ho-hum as Enes Kanter’s. And it also belies his impact. Langford’s on-ball defense was excellent. We’ve seen this story before with LeBron James having the ball at the end of a quarter. Langford re-writes it with a big steal this time:
8. Remember Marcus Smart saying he wanted the ball more to make life easier for Jayson Tatum and Jaylen Brown as scorers? This play is what he’s talking about. Swing, swing, attack the paint, kick to the shooter. Beautiful, beautiful basketball here:
9. Let’s cap it off with having a little fun, shall we?
The basketball…it was fun on Friday night.
10. Hey! The Celtics are .500 again! They get right back at it on Saturday on a back-to-back by welcoming the Oklahoma City Thunder to Boston. That’s a game the Celtics should win. The Thunder are also on a back-to-back and will be traveling in from Milwaukee. Then it’s another home game against the Houston Rockets.
This is a chance to build a little momentum for Boston. Get that record up over .500 and then reincorporate Jaylen Brown and Robert Williams into the lineup. This is a spot where the Celtics might go on a run.JAMES JOHNSON
2 ex-Texas sheriff deputies indicted in Black man's death
Camden, a former Williamson County Sheriff's Deputy, has been indicted on manslaughter charges in the March 2019 death of a 40-year-old Black man named Javier Ambler. The announcement Tuesday, March 30, 2021, comes two years after Ambler's death was filmed by the police reality TV series "Live PD.". Former Williamson County Sheriff Robert Chody was also indicted last year on charges of destroying or concealing video in an investigation into Ambler's death..
Jazz beat Mavericks 116-104 for 10th straight victory
(AP Photo/Rick Bowmer)SALT LAKE CITY – Playing without leading scorer Donovan Mitchell didn't slow down the Utah Jazz. Utah never trailed in a 116-104 victory over the Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday night. The Jazz overwhelmed the Mavericks on both ends of the court on their way to their 10th straight victory and the NBA overall lead. Gobert’s dominance around the basket took Dallas out of it early and the Mavericks could never get back on track. The Jazz never let the Mavericks draw closer than 12 points the rest of the way.
Women's World Cup heads to a welcome Down Under in 2023. The potential audience of more than 1 billion, according to FIFA, would outstrip the 2011 Rugby World Cup or the 2015 Cricket World Cup it co-hosted with Australia. New Zealand previously has hosted the under-17 womens World Cup and the under-20 mens tournament and had hoped, after the success of those events, to make a solo bid for the womens World Cup. We are looking forward to delivering the best ever FIFA Womens World Cup in both nations, one that will elevate the womens game and inspire women and girls around the world.Riley said she relished the chance to play her fifth World Cup in her homeland.
Pat Riley's Trade Moves Again Prove He.browardpalmbeach.com
Pat Riley's Masterful Trade Moves Once Again Prove He's.miaminewtimes.com
Dragic leads Heat by Blazers in Whiteside’s return, 122-111
MIAMI – James Johnson scored on his first possession in more than a month. Tyler Herro scored 11 points for Miami, as did Meyers Leonard in his first game against his former team. Former Heat center Hassan Whiteside, booed almost every time he touched the ball, finished with 21 points and 18 rebounds for Portland. Portland played without the services of CJ McCollum for the first time this season; he was out with an upper-respiratory infection. ... Johnson played for the first time since Nov. 27 and for just the second time at home all season.
James Johnson to travel with Heat to Hawks game
MIAMI - The Miami Heat have shown depth early in the season and now the rotation is about to get deeper. Heat head coach Erik Spoelstra announced on Wednesday that forward James Johnson will be joining the team for the trip to Atlanta on Thursday. Johnson was held out of the start of training camp because he failed to meet the team's conditioning standards. The veteran had returned to practice with the team. However, Johnson did not play in the Heat's first four games.
Heat ready to start season against Memphis
MIAMI - The wait is over for the Miami Heat. Wednesday night Miami will tip off the season at home against Memphis. This will be the first season since Dwyane Wade retired and the Heat acquired All-Star Jimmy Butler. Center Bam Adebayo said he was excited because the Heat are actually starting a season at home, they usually open on the road. Ready to get out there and start the season."
James Johnson accepts responsibility for his conditioning issues
MIAMI - James Johnson is taking accountability for the slow start to his preseason. Johnson was unable to join the Heat for the start of training camp because he failed to reach the team's conditioning goals. "It's been tough for me, but it's a position I put myself in and it's a position I'm going to get myself out like always," he said. Johnson said it will be up to Heat head coach Erik Spoelstra and team President Pat Riley when he's able to return to action. "It's just an eye-opener and you can never get comfortable in this league and I knew that," Johnson said.dJohnson said he's also spoken with Dion Waiters, who has been suspended for the opener.
Heat's James Johnson fails conditioning drills, to miss start of camp
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - The Miami Heat will be short one player at the start of training camp after forward James Johnson failed conditioning drills. The team announced Tuesday that Johnson will not participate in camp until "he fulfills and maintains those requirements." After playing the best basketball of his NBA career during his first two seasons with the Heat, Johnson struggled last season as he only played 55 games and averaged just 7.8 points per game. The Heat are holding this week's training camp at Keiser University's West Palm Beach campus. Miami will open its preseason schedule next Tuesday against San Antonio.International Student Recruitment Process Today Is Broken
Aren’t you tired of the same one-sided representation of studying abroad we’ve been seeing for so many years? International education is always described in such a polished way, perfectly visualized in all those brochures where diverse groups of happy young people study peacefully in a park, laughing and playing the guitar for no reason whatsoever.
Studying abroad is a definitely a life-changing experience. And, as with everything else in life, it’s all about finding a balance between the positive and negative sides. However, if we avoid talking about the darker topics in international student mobility, then nobody wins for sure.
That is why today we would like to stir the pot a bit and open a discussion about one of the foundations of international education: recruitment.
We see 3 key problems with the current process of international student recruitment, namely:
International students are seen as a source of revenue, not as contributors to the community
The situation in different countries varies, but the tendency is the same: the less governmental investment is out there for higher education, the more universities seek to obtain funds through recruitment of international students.
It is simple math – international students usually spend more on their tuition, creating a big influx of money to local economies. They also spend a lot on a variety of related services such as accommodation or other basic daily needs (food, leisure, transportaton).
With this kind of mindset, the quality of recruitment decreases. Universities focus solely on getting more students enrolling. This in turn opens a door for cases where international students don’t meet local language requirements. University recruitment staff are unable to carry out proper follow up interviews. Nor can they offer in-depth background checks. Study agents focus on the sheer number of students (or sourcing countries) instead of providing proper consulting to match the right student with the right university.
International students are seen as checkboxes, not as individuals
Following strict national requirements or working towards a country-specific education goal creates conditions for seeing international students not as the valuable asset they are, but rather, as a mere diversity indicator. A female from a small country and ethnic minority group who wants to study in STEM? Well isn’t that a jackpot – checking 3 diversity boxes at once!
Filling in strategic plans to meet target results does not equal providing an open environment for a truly diverse student body. Shouldn’t it go other way around? Culture on campus should be so welcoming and catering for students’ needs that you only need to maintain the status quo, not try to artificially boost the numbers.
International students are just like local students, only speaking a different language
Another common misconception during recruitment concerns the needs of international students. If international students are a mere source of revenue or diversity indicator, how can you properly address their in-depth needs?
Local students’ problems are mostly about dealing with adulthood, washing their own dishes and waking up on time. International students, on the other hand, experience culture shock and have difficulties speaking the hosting country’s language. Even in the case of English, all the different accents can be overwhelming! They also have different expectations. Turning their lives around, travelling to another country and paying a tuition 3 times higher than that local students pay means they seek real value for their money.
Understanding the political, cultural or social context of the country is a process that takes time. If this process starts after international students have set their feet on campus, it could already be too late. Providing support and personalised consultation before and during recruitment is an example of good practice. We wish that this good practice soon becomes the norm!
Now, a few questions we ask ourselves and suggest that you think about as well:
- Are the tools we use helping us improve the recruitment process? Is it focused on finding a perfect match between the university and a student?
- What kind of information should we provide for international students prior recruitment?
- What kind of methods should we use to ensure that international students have proper knowledge about the university, its community and culture?
Would you agree with this? How does your university deal with these issues? Do you have any good practice models for improved recruitment process?.
2267a_10<<
Option Parts for Tekno ,RC, vehicles. Option Parts for Traxxas vehicles. Option Parts for T.O.P. vehicles. Option Parts for VBC Racing vehicles. ... ,Paint Masks, and Stencils. Peel'n',Paint, Maskfilm - plain masking sheet - 210mm x 290mm (1 sheet) TKR Graphics Part No: TKR-PM001. £1.99.
30/1/2006, · RE: Flame ,paint masks,? 1 Attachment(s) parma has a flame outkine ,mask, and a regular flame ,mask, you could buy the outline ,mask, lay it down then use masking tape to cover the insibe of the outline ,paint, then remove masking tape ,paint, again remove the outline ,mask, then ,paint, again and u would have outlined flames heres some of my exp with ,mask, and tamiya spray paints
Shop spray stencils, airbrush camouflage (camo-,mask,) ,paint masks, for 1/35 scale military models including WW1, WW2, modern tank and vehicle model kits.
The ,masks, come supplied in a small zip-lock plastic bag with a coloured header and folded A-5 instructions. The vinyl ,masks, are self adhesive. The instructions provide a useful plan and two profile views of a Spitfire Mk I/II. These plans are keyed to a diagram of the various ,mask, pieces showing where each should be located on the model.
16/9/2009, · ,RC, Qualifier Join Date Oct ... Slash ,painting, design templates, FREE Hey guys, I made these templates up to help me think up ideas for my ,paint, schemes. I thought I'd share them with you. (Working on a front and rear 3 ... I could ,print, those and give my daughter a chance to show what she thinks daddy's little truck should ...
_16<<.
The Splash ,RC paint mask, kit has been one of our most popular from the start. This could be because it's so easy to get it to look good, there are no straight lines to be lined up, so there's nothing to mess up.
.Rye-ser-rin — She who travels.
Rejserin is a place to explore ideas, culture, and identity. The primary focus of this Medium is tackling issues relating to what makes us who we are, especially the constructs we erect around gender, sexuality, and our cultures.
The articles flow from the author’s lived…US-Mexico border wall: Construction begins on prototypes for Donald Trump's planned 'fence'
Eight models to be built in remote area of San Diego
Construction has begun on prototypes for Donald Trump's proposed border wall with Mexico, which was a key pledge of his presidential campaign.
Eight models are to be built in a remote area of San Diego, four from solid concrete and four made of "other materials."
Both local and federal police have a heavy presence at the site, with a "free speech zone" set up nearby for people to demonstrate.
The US President had promised a "big, beautiful wall" at the border with Mexico.
Customs and Border Protection may pick several winners or none, with the final wall likely to be comprised of elements from the successful prototypes.
The project is about three months behind schedule, due to hold ups by losing bidders whose protests were eventually denied.
A green tarp hanging on a chain-link fence blocked views of the work, which is expected to last 30 days.
Officials are then expected to spend up to three months evaluating the designs, including testing their resistance to small hand tools.
Life on the US-Mexican borderShow all 12
The Trump administration faces several federal lawsuits in San Diego seeking to block the prototypes and plans to replace existing barriers in California.
California's Attorney General Xavier Becerra, a Democrat, alleges the wall proposal violates federal environmental protections and illegally seeks to circumvent state law.
Mr Trump recently said the wall should be see-through, in order to prevent people from being hit on the head with sacks of drugs.
His statement appeared to be at odds with the initial instructions for solid concrete.
While Mr Trump vowed Mexico would pay for the wall, the Mexican government insisted it will not.
The President has since said he will find a way to make Mexico repay the US for construction of the wall, but hewould require Congress to fund it first.
Funding to extend the wall beyond its current distance of 654 miles (1,046km) is in doubt.
Democrats have baulked at Mr Trump's request for $1.6bn (£1.2bn) to replace 14 miles (22km) in San Diego and build 60 miles (96km) in Texas' Rio Grande Valley, which is the busiest corridor for illegal crossings.
Join our new commenting forum
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their repliesDescription
How can a woman who never existed come back to haunt you?
‘Spine chilling . . . Misery for the #MeToo generation.’ Erin Kelly
Gerry Anderson has been having trouble sleeping. He’s unwell – bed-bound – and has only his night nurse and his personal assistant for company. But what’s really troubling him are the phone calls. Phone calls from a woman claiming to be the ‘real’?
‘The sharpest, clearest-eyed take on our #MeToo reckoning yet. Plus: enthralling.’ Megan Abbott
What readers are saying
‘A twisty and delightfully sharp thriller.’
‘Chillingly addictive.’
‘Witty, timely, prescient and skewering the reception of the #MeToo movement.’
‘One of the best books I have read this year . . . that ending was brilliant.’
‘A great summer read.’By The Associated Press
GREENWOOD, Miss. (AP) — A Greenwood city councilman is considering placing a saggy pants ordinance on the council’s study agenda.
If Councilman Johnny Jennings goes ahead with the idea, it would put Greenwood in line to become at least the eighth community in Mississippi to adopt a law against the fashion known as “sagging,” according to The Greenwood Commonwealth ().
Columbia, Columbus, Guntown, Indianola, Meridian, Ripley and Saltillo have passed ordinances prohibiting anyone from wearing pants or skirts that ride more than three inches below the top of hips and which expose skin or underwear.
Jennings said he’d like to gauge the public’s support for the proposal prior to placing it on the council’s study agenda.Europe
Europe is a continent on Earth composed of one large land mass and many large and small islands including Great Britain and Ireland. Some of the largest cities in Europe are Edinburgh, London, Paris, Prague, and Rome.
Countries of Europe
As of 1997, Europe contains the following countries, among many others.
History
Humans and gargoyles have lived throughout Europe since ancient times.
In 1994, Dingo fled to Europe after the arrest of Fox and Wolf and the cancellation of The Pack. ("Her Brother's Keeper")
In 1996, Europe is home to two gargoyle clans, the London Clan and the Loch Ness Clan. [1] Eventually, the Wyvern Clan and Notre Dame Clan will also be founded there. [2][3][4]Seneca Foods reports $3M profit
- The bump in profit was an improvement for the company, which reported a loss a year earlier.
Wayne County-based Seneca Foods Corp. reported on Monday a $3 million profit in its latest quarterly results, an improvement over the same period a year earlier when the fruit and vegetable processing company reported a loss of $100,000.
As a result, shares of the Marion company were up about 6 percent Monday despite net sales being down by 5.7 percent or $13.8 million to $226.3 million for the three months ending June 27. Losses totaling $7.7 million were due to a reduction in canned vegetable sales, according to the company.
Net earnings per share were 19 cents for the quarter, compared to a loss of 3 cents compared to a year earlier.
Seneca Foods Corp. sells its goods under the Libby’s, Aunt Nellie’s and Seneca Farms labels, and to General Mills under the Green Giant Label. It works with more than 2,000 American farms to distribute its goods to more than 90 countries.
TCLAUSEN@DemocratandChronicle.comNovember 13, 2019 - 14:00 GMT Francesca Shillcock The former Made in Chelsea star was attending the launch of his new drinks brand, The Clean Liquor Co. last night, and spoke candidly about his decision to become sober… He's recently spoken about his decision to go sober and how it's changed his life, and Spencer Matthews has now opened up on the reasons he blames alcohol for his 'lazy-streak' in his twenties. During an exclusive interview with HELLO! at the launch of his new low-alcohol drink brand, The Clean Liquor Co., Spencer revealed that he blames alcohol for his past mindset. "I had a bit of a lazy streak to me, I had high opinions of myself without any real grounding reason to, I made a bit of television that did ok, and all of a sudden life was pretty relaxed for me." MORE: Pippa Middleton enjoys rare night out with dad Michael and brother James in London Spencer was joined by sister-in-law Pippa Middleton at the event The former Made in Chelsea star continued: "I've always thought in the back of my mind I could do something really special with my life and I was just on a real path to not achieving that, and I blame that on alcohol." The Clean Liquor Co. is a new drinks brand from the TV star, and has recently launched its first product. The 'CleanGin' drink is an alcohol-alternative that offers an option for those that are wanting to drink less or not at all as part of a cleaner lifestyle, due to having 30 times less alcohol than alcoholic gin. Spencer explained prior to the event: "You'd need to drink 31 clean gin and tonics to compare a single normal gin and tonic." Despite the new spirit offering a 'clean' alternative to alcoholic spirits, Spencer was eager to not let the company become a "preachy" brand. He told HELLO!: "At no point are we going to be a preachy-sober company that says you know 'you need to go sober', [because] nobody wants to hear it." Spencer's wife, Vogue, Pippa and Spencer at his drinks launch The 31-year-old then went on to explain that being told he drank too much was something he didn't like to hear, so was eager for the brand not to do the same. "I think if you drink too much and you're told you drink too much typically you don't like it, I know I didn't," he said, "so you need to be careful about how you approach these things." MORE: Strictly's Janette Manrara opens up about mental health after 'social media detox' Joining Spencer at the launch was wife Vogue Williams, his brother, James, and sister-in-law Pippa Middleton. Pippa looked chic in red at the glitzy event, and posed for pictures with Spencer and his wife Vogue, 34. Also attending was Pippa's brother James Middleton along with father Michael, who were not pictured at the event. Spencer gave a speech at the event, during which he spoke touchingly about his wife Vogue and their one-year-old son, Theodore. He told attendees: "In the year and a half that I've been sober, in the comfort of married life, Vogue and I have welcomed our first son and become a family of our own. We are busy, happy, and doing well. My finger is on the pulse and things I never bothered to try to understand make sense to me now." The CleanGin drink from The Clean Liquor Co. is available at cleanliquor.com Like this story? Sign up to our newsletter to get other stories like this delivered straight to your inbox.A leading global provider of diagnostic test kits and instruments in the fields of bioanalytical testing for the biopharma and clinical industries is looking to extend their presence in the region.
They are seeking a Regional Sales Manager who will be responsible for building a multi-million EUR business, with a focus on distribution of clinical diagnostics test kit portfolio (incl. SARS-CoV-2 test kits and other infectious diseases, etc) in Asia.
Responsibilities:
- Support test kit registrations in key markets through own network with government institutes and via distributor
- Build a growth strategy for clinical diagnostics test kits in Asia. This will include the development of a SARS-CoV-2 test kit market
- Develop a portfolio of prospects; Convert high priority clients into sales; Initiate, develop and grow relationship with key accounts and government key opinion leaders in Asia products, new supplier acquisition and product line expansion.
- Actively seek participation in tenders and hospital laboratory outsourcing opportunities
Requirements:
- Strong understanding of the Asian clinical testing market (as an IVD sales manager, or as a distributor)
- 5 to 10 years' experience in a regional sales related role in the Clinical Diagnostics test kit business
- Good contacts within the clinical diagnostics laboratory sector (private and government), hospitals, clinics, medical centers and specialty physicians
- Set up and/or significant growth of a distribution business in the healthcare sector
- Channel management experience in Asia
- Technical understanding of PCR, ELISA and LFD test kit technology
- Excellent communication (oral and written) and attention to detail; excellent interpersonal, presentation, and organizational skill
- Willing to travel
If you are a driven and growth minded individual who wants to grow alongside a reputable organization, please apply with your CV.
InfoQ Homepage Systems Thinking Content on InfoQ.
Linda Rising on Thinking Fast, Thinking Slow, Ethics and Overcoming Biases
In this podcast Shane Hastie, Lead Editor for Culture & Methods, spoke to Linda Rising about Daniel Kahneman’s work on Thinking Fast, Thinking Slow, overcoming bias in the employment process and resisting social pressure in decision making.
-This menu's updates are based on your activity. The data is only saved locally (on your computer) and never transferred to us. You can click these links to clear your history or disable it.
- More... (full list)
Results for : training22,754 videos
Similar searchesbdsmenduranceeducationpersonal trainergymtrainercontroltraining slaveslave traininganal trainingsissy trainingdisciplinehypnotrainslut trainingyogasex trainingcoachtrainedsportdressagefitnessobeyfacialtraining sportslavebukkakeentrainementmasterfemale traininglessonMore...- There is not enough diversity - gender or ethnicity - in the upper management of real estate firms.
- At Compass, agents are treated like clients and can buy a suite of services for their business.
- High producing agents need more support and training - so they can double their output.
Put: ‘Oh, three women — they’ll never make it,'” said the sixth-generation Washingtonian.
But evidently, they have. They were joined by another partner, Margolis, seven years ago, and an associate, Rochelle Ruffin, three years ago.
In the last three years, they have done $187 million in sales volume, and that was with a slightly disrupted year in 2015 with their departure from Long & Foster. This year is looking better already, and they will be looking to grow the team numbers, said Ferris.
“We felt like we wanted to make this move to a) stay together as a team and b) to be real estate agents ten years from now,” she added.
The women, who proudly share 105 years in the real estate industry, have a list of things they would like to see improved in their business, starting with more women and ethnic diversity in upper management, as well as more business education and training for agents on the rise.
Peter, an agent since 1987 after a career in media and pay-equity non-profits, said, “I really am disgusted, upset and rail against the lack of ethnic and gender diversity in real estate — it’s still an old white guys club in management and ownership, although the sales force is women, mostly.
“I think that every study in the world shows a robust company needs diversity. That’s something we don’t have in real estate.”
Even Compass, though it has a good percentage of women in middle and upper management, only has two women on its 14-strong senior leadership team.
“Compass does not have that many women — and it has some people of color, but not enough,” said Peter.
However, “women are really drawn to this company,” added Ferris.
Their team spirit and impressive sales record were probably what drew Compass to them, she thinks.
“They were very interested in building collaborative offices, and we have a pretty good reputation in this area,” said the agent.
Making a big move
Ferris remembers their first day at their state-of-the-art Compass offices in Chevy Chase: “It was like running into a glass wall. They weren’t used to doing real estate the way we did it. There was not anything that felt comfortable, nothing. And we all looked at each other and said: ‘Did we all mess up?’
“I don’t think anyone has any regrets,” she added.
It’s not all ‘out with the old, in with the new’
Ferris remembers that when she first started in real estate, the agents would go on tour together on Tuesdays to see the new listings. All the agents would pile into a couple of cars.
“I learned so much about the neighborhood, about the ethics of real estate and about the process — it was a great subtle education in real estate,” said Ferris.
Compass is also doing a version of this listing tour in each office.
“It’s a good way to let people know Compass’s presence in the community and also to promote that same kind of fellowship and learning from each other,” said Ferris.
“It’s a case of old-school matters, new future — they have not dumped all of it; they see the value in how real estate is coming to where it is,” she added.
The energizing culture of a startup
The move has made them think hard about the power of being a team.
“I think it has really helped us look at where we are, how we do our business, how we differentiate ourselves and repeat it in everything we do,” said Ferris.
“I think disrupting the traditional tropes really takes you to another level,” added Peter.
Are FPL&M still in the honeymoon phase with Compass? Peter said, “We decided if this is the honeymoon and then there was a divorce, it was an amazing, albeit short, marriage.
“I think we would say we don’t quite know where Compass is going or how it is going to change things, but being part of something totally nimble, curious, energetic, where nothing is out of bounds, is a lot of fun.”
By the way, the FPL&M team are planning a podcast. Peter has produced the “Charlie Rose Show” in her past, so this is by no means beyond her — watch this space.Recently a well-known employer confronted a 27 year old employee and advised her that the small heart tattooed on her hand must go. About the size of a quarter, the tattoo was no longer welcome at the business.
She was given 30 days to begin the removal process of the tattoo or face the possibility of losing her job.
Corporate headquarters had issued the dictum of no visible tattoos in the workplace.
The employee has steadfastly refused to have the tattoo removed, stating she had it when she was hired. It wasn’t offensive, and that she had been using makeup to cover it. Obviously her efforts weren’t enough, and the employer seems to have the upper hand.
InkOff.MD℠
1585 Kapiolani Blvd. Suite 1740
Honolulu, HI 96814
Tel: 808-949-8346A Hosted Portal Solution: Best for your Internal Operations levels of customer satisfaction and in general to make operations slightly easier.
To do so, they provide a web portal to their customers to log in and see every detail regarding their interaction with said business. And even have more interactions, thereby engaging the customers without them actually having to go to a bank or a store.
So, let’s introduce the concept of this web portal:
It is a doorway into your business exposing only the limited and necessary parts of it. You can choose to show certain elements of it that the customer can directly engage with. Now of course, when I say customer, it is not always the conventional customer.
Students, employees, banking staff, or people who have bank accounts, want to interact with the institution on a regular basis. Here are a few common things that a portal facilitates in all of these scenarios:
-Secure access to a personal database for maintaining and updating personal details like address, emails, and phone number.
-Ability to request items, like a test score rechecking, a new cheque book, or even an appointment, depending on what the institution is.
-View access to grades, bank balance, blood test results, etc. (again, depending on the institution).
-Other level of interaction with the CRM is by the staff of the said institution. Not all members of the staff have full access to the CRM so such a portal comes in handy in this scenario as well. Staff members can apply for leaves, check their tasks and manage their schedule, as well as respond to end users’ requests for various things.
-This portal also gives the admin users a bird’s eye view of various operations in any institutions.
These institutions have a more niche level of requirement of such a portal. They want to enable these portals in connection to their CRM, but they don’t need to publicize the login access.
For example, an education institute need not put its student access portal on its website. Similarly, a bank’s internal portal should not be available online. This means that it does not connect to their CMS platform.
This is where a unique type of portal solution comes in: A Hosted Portal Solutions. All of its functions are the same as a portal that is hosted on the CMS, (a great example is an e-commerce store’s customer portal), but without the CMS platform, in order to keep it private.
It is a portal that is in use internally in a business or organization, rather than one shared publicly. This is why, for various reasons, the primary one being security, businesses use a hosted portal solution that does not connect to their CMS.
Other Must-Have Features in Hosted Portal Solution:
Secure & Scalable: Such a solution should be built keeping in mind the future customizations and requirements. And the main concern with such portals is security which should also be kept as a priority while developing such a solution.
Knowledge Base: You would want to have a knowledge base for your customers to get quick access to the information whenever they require.
Mobile Application: To make it easier for your customers, team members, students, etc. you should go with a portal solution company that can provide you with a mobile application of the portal.
Note: However, sometimes the portal domain is accessible from the website but redirects, and does not open in the domain of the website. This is most common in the case of universities.
The Right Portal Solution Provider:
If you are reading this article, it is because you are looking for a portal solution for your internal management. Any portal solution company can give you a hosted solution based on your CRM. You can simply look for hosted portal solutions company and they can help you out with your requirement.
View Source:- CFL Network
Stampeders
Our Teams
My first night with the Stampeders was great. It was very special to be a part of this battle of Alberta again — I’m just happy we were able to walk away with the win.
So far, so good — it really is great to be a part of an organization like this.
It’s fun to come in and be a part of a team like this, pushing for the playoffs. To get the victory is great, it was a lot of fun.
I wasn’t too sure if my package was going to be called for any passing plays — I just tried to stay ready and stay close to Coach. If my number was called, I just wanted to make sure I was ready. It was great to get a catch, too!
Going up against my former team was a lot of fun. Honestly, I have a great group of friends over on that other team. I started my career with guys like Kerry Joseph — I learned a lot from him about being a pro.
I played for the Eskimos for two seasons and have a lot of great memories. But when it comes to extra motivation, I didn’t really need it. I just love to play football. This is a business where things are going to happen and things aren’t always going to go your way. It was just great to be out there and help my team win.
Tonight’s atmosphere was great playing at McMahon. I really wanted to be a part of this team. When I made my decision to come back, I looked at what this team did prior to me getting here, knowing we have a great chance to do great things in the playoffs.
Just being a part of this team is motivation enough for me. I’m a self-motivated guy.
I’m really looking forward to the challenge we have next week facing BC on the road. They’re always a good team and we know that going in there solid on both sides of the ball and on special teams as well.
We have to start fast, eliminate the penalties and just be consistent all around. But BC is BC and we have to be ready.
Jason Armstead, #88
>> Armstead bioIf it’s January, you can bet someone is telling you what you should and should not be eating. This year that includes the U.S. Departments of Agriculture and Health and Human Services, who once again have issued a raft of guidelines aimed at telling Americans what to eat. There weren’t any big surprises this time around. Fruits, vegetables and whole grains are still good for you. Processed junk is bad. But there were some highlights worth noting, as well as a few cases where you might want to take the recommendations with a, um, grain of salt.
“For very active cyclists it’s the tale of two lives,” says Stanford-based sports nutritionist and physiologist Stacy Sims, PhD, explaining that following the guidelines is pretty prudent off the bike, no matter how active you are. But behind those bars? Sometimes you need to break “the rules.” Here are the highlights and what it means for you.
Slash Sugar Intake Dramatically: Dietary sugar—especially the added, nutritionally empty kind found in sodas, sweets, dressings, cereals, and well, pretty much everywhere in the processed food world—is the big story of the new guidelines. Americans today consume about 88 grams or 22 teaspoons a day of the sweet stuff. The new guidelines urge less than 10 percent of your calories from added (not naturally occurring sugar found in whole food) sugar. That’s about 49 grams or 12 to 13 teaspoons for a 2,000-calorie a day diet.
To put that in perspective, consider that there are 4 grams of sugar in every teaspoon/cube and that there are 4 calories per gram, so you get 16 calories with every teaspoon. Twelve ounces of Gatorade delivers 21 grams, 5 teaspoons, and 84 calories of sugar—nearly half the daily limit and it doesn’t even fill the average cycling water bottle. Let’s say you’re very active and eat 3000 calories a day. A full 24-oz bike bottle of Gatorade still takes you over half the daily recommendation at 42 grams/10 ½ teaspoons and 170 calories. That’s not to say you shouldn’t drink sports drinks any longer, but it’s a wake up call to be more mindful of how much sugar you’re slurping down, especially since that doesn’t count gels, blocks, bars, and other sports foods, which are also loaded with sugar.
“In general, a diet low in sugar is the way to go regardless of how active you are,” says Sims. “But training food is different. There are times you need more carbs/sugar to keep pace.” Generally, if you’re doing a short or low-intensity ride, you don’t need a lot of added sugar to keep going. Put a banana in your pocket and water or low-carb drink in your bottles and go. When you’re going hard and tapping out your glycogen stores, you’re going to need that added sugar to keep the hammer down. For most rides, whole food snacks and low-carb drinks do the trick.
RELATED: Don't Believe These Three Lies About Sugar
3-Egg Omelets are A-Ok: The longstanding cholesterol limits have been kicked to the curb. This one’s been in the works for years as the connection between the cholesterol you eat and the amount of the artery-clogging LDL cholesterol floating in your bloodstream never really materialized. This is great news for cyclists who need plenty of high quality, easy-to-digest, accessible (and when you hard-boil them, portable) protein to keep their muscles mended and ready to ride. Enjoy those eggs guilt free. Ditto for shrimp and other shellfish.
That Bacon Hand-up is Alright, but Expand Your Protein Horizons: Speaking of protein, the government didn’t come out and say you should put the brakes on red meat or even processed meats (ahem, bacon), but it did mention that those foods have been linked to an increased heart disease and/or cancer risk, so you should expand your protein palate to include a variety of protein foods, including seafood (the guidelines recommend 8 ounces a week), lean meats and poultry, eggs, legumes (beans and peas), and nuts, seeds, and soy products.
Interestingly, they also called out men and teenage boys for eating too much protein. Cyclists definitely need their fair share, but this serves as a reminder that you can get too much of a good thing. In general, aim for about 30% of your daily calories in the form of protein, or 0.8 grams per pound of body weight if you’re very active. That’s 132 to 150 grams for a 165 male cyclist eating 2,000 calories a day.
Make it a Doppio!: In case you needed the government’s approval for your java jones, you now have it. The new guidelines give the green light for up to 5 cups of coffee a day. Coffee is a big source of antioxidants for most Americans. It’s also been linked to a reduced risk for Type 2 diabetes.
Sodium is Still in the Spotlight: The government hasn’t lightened up its limits on how much sodium you should eat, despite a fair amount of conflicting evidence on just how bad (or not) a lot of salt is for you. One analysis that included more than 25 studies of more than 274,000 people published in the American Journal of Hypertension found that people who consume in range of between 2,645 and 4,945 milligrams of sodium a day (which is about what the world’s population gets) had a lower risk of death than those who regularly took in much higher or lower amounts. The issue seems to be that some people are particularly salt-sensitive and experience blood pressure problems with high amounts, so if your doctor has specifically put limits on your sodium intake, you’re wise to heed that advice (and of course if your sodium is coming in the form of a steady diet of fried mozzarella sticks, pizza, and potato chips, you could stand to reduce it via eating less of those foods). But many people are not sodium-sensitive and active cyclists who sweat a lot need their fair share, especially for long rides in the heat. In those situations, guidelines go out the window. A good rule of thumb is to consume between 500 and 700 milligrams per hour, which is about how much you can absorb within that time.
RELATED: How Much Sodium Should You Consume
Fat is (Mostly) Fine: Finally, low fat diets have officially gone the way of the dinosaur…sort of. Though there is no longer a ceiling on total daily fat intake, the Dietary Guidelines kept a cap on saturated fats to no more than 10 percent of daily calories per day, despite recent research challenging the assertion that this type of fat is inherently bad for you. The commonsense takeaway for cyclists here is the same as it is for everyone: Eat a balanced diet with lots of whole vegetables, fruits, whole grains, and a variety of protein sources. Limit processed foods, especially snacks and sweets, and the rest should take care of itself.April 1999
Daybreak
IGMOD
The sound of tabla in a jazz-related context may still be less than standard practice, but it's hardly startling anymore-thanks, in part, to the efforts of Badal Roy, the tabla player whose resume includes stints with Miles Davis, John McLaughlin, and, recently, in Ornette Coleman's Prime Time. He keeps a cool, colorful pulse on Daybreak, featuring fellow Prime Timer Ken Wessel on guitar and bassist Stomu Takeishi (from Henry Threadgill's great group, Make a Move). Their CD (Igmod 49809; 57:26) suggests a sensitive variant of fusion with tendrils into different world traditions. Joining them on select tracks are saxist/flutist Tim Ries, and, on "Remembering You," santur player Tarun Bhattacharya, and second tabla player Bikram Ghosh. We hear plenty of modal improv and basking in atmosphere, and melodic colors that sometimes hint at Indian modalities and Ornette-ishness, kept in the realm of gentle propulsion by Roy's drumming.
Add a Comment
You need to log in to comment on this article. No account? No problem!Job Description
My client is a Fortune 23 organization that develops, manufactures, and distributes continuous glucose monitoring systems for diabetes management. Type 1 diabetes is most commonly found in infants in children, essentially everyday you will have an impact on young children’s lives throughout the world. This client’s product removes the need to draw blood to monitor glucose level, therefor reducing the bodily harm that diabetics need to induce to monitor their glucose levels. They are looking to bring on a Lead of DevOps that would be working within the R&D department. This position primarily focuses on infrastructure and networking as code.
Required Skills & Experience
Desired Skills & Experience
The Offer
You will receive the following benefits:
Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis now and in the future
See something wrong with this listing?Contact supportSearch Design Indaba
Content Type
- (-) Remove Articles filter Articles
Sort by
Feature Type
- (-) Remove Festival News filter Festival News
Topic
- (-) Remove African Design filter African Design
- (-) Remove Craft filter Craft
- (-) Remove Design Thinking filter Design Thinking
- (-) Remove Food Design filter Food Design
- (-) Remove Graphic Design & Illustration filter Graphic Design & Illustration
- (-) Remove Music & Sound Design filter Music & Sound Design
- (-) Remove Urban & Landscape Design filter Urban & Landscape Design
- Architecture & Interiors (2) Apply Architecture & Interiors filter
- Art & Photography (2) Apply Art & PhotographyByung-Chul Han: How Objects Lost their Magic
For the philosopher, our postfactual stimulus culture is one that edges out time-consuming values such as loyalty, ritual and commitment
Actions
2 Connections
dila/ution
14 blocks
by Megan Pai
dinner journals
127 blocks
by Megan Pai
Blocks with this URL also appear inMagatsu-Izanagi
Top Contributors: Hector Madrigal, Jedmist1, Kingbren + more
Magatsu-Izanagi is a persona of the Jester / Hunger Arcana. It specializes in all-around high damage attacks. Its default level is 77.
advertisement
advertisement(.
Everything is a problem and needs to be addressed. No other developed country in the world has the gun violence that the U.S. does. Its a shame it took 20 school children to be killed when the talks should have begun years ago after several other mass shootings. Something is wrong with society and arming more people is not going to solve it and the availability of weapons is a problem . Other countries allow its citizens to have firearms but they have to take courses, secure their weapons when not in use and assault style weapons are banned. The stats worldwide speak for themselves , there is a major problem in the U.S. that needs to be addressed. We don't need to arm teachers and expect them to get into a gunfight. What a shame when people suggest that arming teachers and making fortresses out of schools is necessary. Sad commentary on a nation that likes to think its a world leader.
This whole thing in nonsense. This you man had mental problems. It's not guns, video games, moral decay or drugs or anything other than mental illness. If you pack 300 million people in one place you are bound to get people with mental problems. As soon as metal illness stops being taboo we can catch a problem well before someone gets to harming people.
If Tim Scott has moral problems he should get help
You folks seem a little worldly to me. Go live in other countries if you don't like the US constitution. You all will be the first ones to get mugged if gun control is enforced unlawfullly. Who are you going to cry to then when violent crime skyrockets???
2014 is coming soon enough. I won't forget the path selected by the GOP on this matter. I hope I'm not alone.
Moral decay of others, right? Not themselves. How about denouncing what Fox News, Rush, Hannity, Coulter?
The moral decay is caused by stress and mistrust brought on by wealth disparity. Start working to end low wages, i.e., Walmart, and the stress and mistrust will start to wane along with the violence.
I blame tea party types, of which Tim Scott is one, that have promoted the stock piling of firearms, as was the case in the Lanza household.
What "moral" type of person would need assault rifles lying around the house & actually train their kids to use them?
Tim Scott is a lunatic.
Absolutely correct, because there is GREAT moral decay in this nation.
Stereotypes and Bad Rhetoric
"What I did see in one case is that instead of looking or speaking of factors, rage shooting factors, and causes it seemed that the discussion went towards rhetoric, which is linked to abuse, organized crime strategy, discrimination, and advocating a defenseless population.".
What moral decay? Everything's better now.
Sincerely, the majority of U.S. voters.
All of the worms and weasels are coming out and pointing their fingers in different directions – other than the problem, which of course are GUNS in the hands of mentally sick peopld. Moral decay? Techers need to pack? This guy and Perry and quite a few others can't think straight and should have their guns taken away from them – no?
I cant stand the Tea Party, but really, the man has a point. However, UNTIL we have solutions on that part, guns still need some regulation. In other words, why would you need regulation AFTER you "fix" the mental health situation in the country? Would it not be prudent to make it hard to get guns while the wackadoos are untouchable and in society?
My other worry is this...WHO will determine who is sick and deluded? Who will legislate the requirements and set the standard of proof regarding denying guns to or locking up those who need to be?
Newtown, Connecticut : Hurricane Sandy, Sandy Hook Elementary, New Jersey, An Act of Organized Crime and Terror to Advocate Gun Control?.
see the Rage Shooting Factors for these and different organized crime scenarios using these rage shooting factors. The Rage Shooting Factors posts or comments that contain these are censored.
The problem of guns lies with the individual user, society at large, and the arms industry. Too many indivduals are too heavily influenced by a culture of violence as portrayed in supposedly harmless video games, the level of violence in movies, and a get even philosophy that emerges from video games, movies, television, and the manner in which the media presents episodes such behavior. The solution does not lie with restricting the right to bear arms, though I do favor reducing/restricitng the availability of military style weapons and ammunition magazines by limiting the manufacture and distribution of such weapons. The bad guys will get ahold of these weapons regardless but constricting the supply will necessarily reduce the demand.
Notice how its all the Republican lawmakers looking to push the conversation away form guns. Do we need to address how mental illness is treated...absolutely (Obamacare...hint hint). However...there is no reason other than selfishness to avoid the gun conversation. These scumbags don't want to give up their assault rifles and they don't care how many kids have to die.....
Larry Pratt ( ecx director of gun ownership of America ) stated :
Evil is in our hearts not in the guns.
Gun control supporters have the blood of little children on their hands.
???????
Total deflection. he must be in the pockets of the NRA. this is exactly the crap that leads nowhere. Tim you are an elected official. 2014 is not that far away. You are on the list of politicians that have no business representing the American people.
The moral decay is from lack of parental supervision. Parents can't supervise because both parents have to work to make ends meet. Making ends meet is hard due to unbridled corporate greed. How about we start at that level. Nip it in the bud as it were.
So THAT'S what the FEMA camps are for...who knew??
He's correct about moral decay – we removed God from schools 50 years ago and then gave our "blessing" to the murder of 50 million babies since 1973, and now encourage "tolerance" of many types of moral behavior that God said are an abomination to Him, so should we be surprised that God's creation of a human life has about as much value or meaning to most Americans as it did to Hitler, who also murdered innocent children?
All these people that are coming out against gun control. Would they still be saying this if one of there children was lying there with 6 to 10 bullets in them. They don't care about your children, they only worry about there job.
Tim Scott is absolutely right.The discussion needs to address mental illness, TV culture of violence and morality. Bankers robbing the country blind , endless wars are a result of moral decay. To spend the taxpayer's money and cut social safety nets is immoral.
Sigh, this guy doesn't even recognize the problem... How the he'll is he going to fix it?
Gee, maybe this country is getting angrier and angrier because of all the divisiveness??? Ya think?
You have people like Trump talking revolution, what do you expect is going to happen?
The government is getting angrier and angrier as both parties flat out refuse to cooperate. then they resort to name calling and finger pointing, then they start with the pointed animosity.
US Government, it is'nt a question of moral decay, at least, not on the part of the citizens. Everyone is reacting to the complete and total divisiveness in D.C.
FIX IT!!!!!All events for Virtual Lunchbox – Paint with Larry Frates
November 2020
Nov 4
Virtual Lunchbox – Paint with Larry Frates
Virtual Lunchbox with Larry Frates Enjoy your lunch while observing Artist-in-Residence, Larry Frates create an original work of art on the 1st Wednesday of each month from Noon - 12:30pm. This event will be available on Facebook LIVE at: out more »Modern Toss is a decade-old British cult comic by Jon Link and Mike Bunnage that is defined by its artists’ misanthropic humor and a grubby art style, which looks like an anarchist’s doodle book. It’s not a style that would seemingly lend itself to the trappings of an adult coloring book, but Link and Bunnage have still figured out a way to adapt their unique sense of humor to today’s mindfulness trend–with The Mindless Violence Coloring Book.
If the title didn’t already clue you in to what scenes you’ll be coloring in the slim 64-page volume, the official blurb will. “Achieve a mindful state as you color in these adrenalin-soaked scenes of mindless violence, created for you by a dedicated team of plain clothes therapists.” Monochrome scenes in the book include “a man bending a lamppost; a woman setting about a fruit tree with a baseball bat; some blokes fighting over a parking space,” and more.
Despite the orgy of violence on display, little of it is of the artery-spattering variety, so adding blood to the scenes in question is purely optional. Most of the scenes in the Mindless Violence Coloring Book have an almost dadaist quality to them, as men kick each other in the groin, strangle an inflatable floppy man, chase each other with cricket bats, and speed bag bird houses.
The ultimate sign of a design trend hitting its peak is the emergence of the inevitable mocking parody, presented without commentary. So in case you didn’t think we’d already reached peak coloring book, consider it now official. You can purchase the Mindless Violence Coloring Book from Modern Toss for around $16 here.HOUSTON—On Wednesday, December 19, officials from the Transplant Games of America  event will take place July 10-15, 2014, utilizing BBVA Compass Stadium, the George R. Brown Convention Center, and various other facilities throughout the City of Houston.
"Houston won out over a number of exceptional communities for a variety of reasons," said Bill Ryan, president and CEO of the TGA. “.”
Expecting in excess of 2,000 athletes, a spectacular opening and closing ceremonies and a series of tributes to many of the heroes of organ donation. Athletes and their families, donor families, and thousands of supporters will gather at Athletes Village to help deliver the important message that organ, eye and tissue donation saves lives.Hardware requirements for the server on Linux
Ensure that the computer on which you are installing the BigFix Inventory meets the minimal CPU, and memory requirements for the server and database elements.
Virtualized environment
The ETL (extract, transform, and load) import heavily uses the DB2 database resources. BigFix Inventory and DB2 server can be installed on a virtualized environment. However, for large deployments that consist of 50 000 - 100 000 computers, it is recommended that dedicated hardware is used.
In a virtual environment for medium size deployments that consist of 10 000 - 50 000 computers, it is recommended that dedicated resources are considered for processor, memory, and virtual disk allocation. The virtual disk that is allocated for the VM should be dedicated RAID storage, with dedicated IO bandwidth for that VM.
Use DB2 server that is dedicated for BigFix Inventory and is not shared with BigFix or other applications. Fine-tuning based on the above mentioned recommendations might be required.
Processor and RAM
The values provided for BigFix were calculated with the assumption that the BigFix server, its database and Web Reports server are installed on a single server and that the BigFix server is dedicated to BigFix Inventory. If you share the BigFix server between other applications, refer to the BigFix documentation for information about hardware requirements: BigFix requirements.
The values provided for BigFix Inventory were calculated for the maximum of five concurrent application users.
- * For environments with more than 35 000 endpoints, scan groups are required. For more information, see Tuning performance.
- ** A distributed environment, where BigFix Inventory is separated from the database, is advisable.
- xmx The default settings for the Java heap size is not sufficient for medium and large environments. If your environment consists of more than 5000 endpoints, increase the memory available to Java client processes by increasing the Java heap size.
- Procedure
- 1. Go to the <INSTALL_DIR>/wlp/usr/servers/server1/ directory and edit the jvm.options file.
- 2. Set the maximum Java heap size (Xmx) as suggested in table above.
- 3. Restart BigFix Inventory server.
Disk space
BigFix Inventory
DB2 for BigFix Inventory
*The disk space requirements are calculated based on the average number of files that are discovered in your environment. The values that are provided in the formula assume that the average number of the discovered files is 800 per computer, which is represented by 1 and 1.2 MB. If, according to your estimates, the number of files is higher, increase this value adequately. If you already installed , you can use the Scanned File Data and Computers reports for your calculations. Note, that the required initial disk space (15 or 17 GB) is constant. The number of discovered files not only affects the size of the database,but also the server runtime memory requirements. For more information, see: Tuning performance in medium and large environments.* The formulas apply to typical environments that are configured to run weekly software scans, daily data imports, and whose endpoints have about 60 software installations each. The results also depend on the amount of data returned by the scans, which means that in some environments the required amount of disk space might be smaller or bigger. In case of irregular data imports or accumulated scans, the required disk space increases.
BigFix
For disk speed, see: Storage performance requirements.
DB2 for BigFix
For information about hardware requirements for DB2 that is used as the BigFix database, see the Database requirements.
Apart from the disk space that is described in the guide, ensure additional disk space for transaction logs on the computer where the BigFix database is installed. To calculate the required disk space, check how many objects exist in all fixlet sites that you have enabled in the BigFix console. An object is every computer group, analysis, fixlet, and task that exist in the console, including the ones that are not relevant. Every 1000 objects requires 1GB of free disk space. For example, if you have 500 fixlets and tasks, 300 analyses, and 20 computer groups, you have 820 objects in total. Thus, 1 GB of disk space is required.Erin Burnett discusses Vice President Joe Biden's gun control task force meeting with the National Rifle Association.
NRA Statement:
"We were disappointed with how little this meeting had to do with keeping our children safe and how much it had to do with an agenda to attack the Second Amendment."
OutFront tonight: Former White House deputy press secretary Bill Burton and co-founder of Priorities USA, a pro-Obama Super Pac and Tim Carney, senior political columnist for the Washington Examiner.
Officials say a 16-year-old student armed with a shotgun entered a high school classroom in rural California Thursday and opened fire.
They say one student he shot is in critical condition tonight. He shot at a second student, but missed. The 16 year-old shooter is in police custody at this hour.
CNN's Kyung Lah has the story.
The. FULL POST
Here at OutFront we've reported on President Obama's second term cabinet lacking in diversity.
The President Obama officially announced his Jack Lew, his current chief of staff for Treasury Secretary. His latest addition is on top of his recent picks - former Senator Chuck Hagel for Defense Secretary, John Brennan for CIA director, Sen. John Kerry for Secretary of State.
Binders closed: Rangel says mostly-male Obama picks 'embarrassing'
And New York Congressman Charlie Rangel say "it's embarrassing as hell." The Democratic representative expressed Thursday his frustration with the Obama administration for not picking women and minorities for top cabinet positions.
"The questions I've heard are fair," he said on MSNBC. "The record does speak for itself."
With a record high 98 women in the new Congress, we'll have less gridlock, right?
OutFront tonight: Salem Radio's Michael Medved and Tara Maller with the New America Foundation.
No. FULL POSTWrapped canvas prints for frameless hanging - a perfect way to showcase your favourite piece of art. Great gift ideas and perfect for bringing a little creativity to any room in your home.
The Beetles Canvas
SKU: MWH6E
£23.00Price
Materials: Polyester canvas mounted on a solid wooden frame
Dimensions:
Small 20x30cm
Medium 30x40cm
Large 40x50cmOpposition leader Tzipi Livni was expected to announce the date of Kadima party leadership primaries in a press conference set to take place at 10:30 Wednesday morning.The primaries are expected to take place at some point between March 21, after the Knesset goes out of session, and the start of the Passover holiday in mid-April..
When
Meanwhile, federal budget cuts will hurt the defense side of the business. Although several competitors -- including Northrop Grummaning to My Watchlist, which can find all of our Foolish analysis on it and all your other stocks.
Finding the perfect stock is only one piece of a successful investment strategy. Get the big picture by taking a look at our " 13 Steps to Investing Foolishly ."A few points: First, if someone believes that a ticket was closed prematurely, or based on mostly non-critical issues, the first recourse is to leave a comment, stating such, in the ticket. That is the primary - if not the only - way to engage in such dialogue. Reviewers are volunteers, are all human, and are subject to mistakes and inconsistencies. It never hurts to ask. Second, if someone is unsure about how to meet certain guidelines, or what certain guidelines mean, ASK. Ask in the review ticket following a review. Ask on the mail-list before submission. The Theme Review Team can't know what developers are struggling with if they don't ask us - and when they DO ask us, we are always willing to help answer those questions. Without such communication, we can't differentiate between the developers who are truly trying to play by the rules but are struggling to do so, and the developers who are simply throwing pasta against the wall to see what will stick. And given the workload of the review queue, unless we know that a developer wants help, we don't have a lot of time to spare to try to differentiate. Third, Reviewers *should* be more active now, both with following up on subsequent tickets and also with holding tickets open to allow for submission of follow-up tickets. But these actions are completely at the discretion of each reviewer. Again, the best way to ensure that a reviewer will exercise that discretion is to communicate in the ticket, so that the reviewer knows that you are doing what you can to pass the review successfully. These two issues: review turn-around time, and number of times through the review "cycle", are at odds with each other. The more we focus on shortening the turn-around time, the less time is spent with each ticket, thereby increasing the number of times a Theme may undergo a review before ultimate approval; conversely, the more time we spend ensuring that reviews are thorough and complete, so that a Theme undergoes fewer reviews before approval, the longer the review queue grows, and therefore the greater the turn-around time becomes. Ultimately, the way to short-circuit those competing odds is to *communicate*, in the ticket, with the reviewer. Chip On Mon, Mar 19, 2012 at 1:49 PM, Mario Peshev <mario at peshev.net> wrote: > At some degree Chip is right about the fact that the volunteerism in the > theme review process takes a lot of time and adding 2 or 3 revisions to the > long cycle takes sometimes months for a theme to get to /extend . However > this is somehow annoying when 2 or 3 reviewer remarks mark a theme as > non-approved and require a new submission and few weeks of review next. > > Changing few lines in a ready theme might cause side effects to other > portions of the site. Building a theme is a small ecosystem and a small > changes in a file could break the entire flow in some cases . > > All I'm saying here is that I see people publishing their own themes on > 3rd party markets instead of adapting them to WPORG as it seems long and > hard. Correct me if I'm wrong but the second major purpose of /extend > themes repo is helping people submitting and receiving back and speeding up > the process is a priority task. Step 1 is keeping the repo error free and > standardized - and that's a cross point decentralized what we have, in my > opinion. > > The 'easier' is taking the approach "approved but fix in next update" when > we don't have crucial things instead of "non-approved, fix, resubmit and > wait 2 more weeks". Some tickets are closed due to 2 or 3 non-critical > errors at least to my understanding: > > > > > Sometimes I see reviews too harsh and cold although helpful and pushing > people back. It causes the psychological phenomenon 'fear of rejection' at > the end. > > I don't mind reviewing according to the Guidelines. I don't mind building > themes from scratch with the Theme Review list in mind. All I see are free > themes that work being secure enough and used online without being able to > get inside of the repo. > > > Mario Peshev > Training and Consulting Services @ DevriX > > > > > > > On Mon, Mar 19, 2012 at 7:02 PM, Merci Javier <mercijavier at gmail.com>wrote: > >> >> I'm not sure what you mean by "easier rules for working Themes" either. >> BuddyPress themes submitted to the WP Repo go through the same thorough >> reviews - Theme Unit Tests. Debogger, etc. Some BP themes which had been >> approved some time ago have even been removed from WP Themes Extend page >> because they have not been updated to the latest BP version. >> >> >> *>>* *have to spend tens (if not more) hours to keep all the rules in >> place, such as defining classes for byauthor and sticky and many many more >> irrelevant for themes being used as web site templates.* >> >> Less than an hour to add minimum theme requirements of index.php, >> comments.php and screenshot plus style.css - >> >> >> >> _______________________________________________ >> theme-reviewers mailing list >> theme-reviewers at lists.wordpress.org >> >> >> > > _______________________________________________ > theme-reviewers mailing list > theme-reviewers at lists.wordpress.org > > > -------------- next part -------------- An HTML attachment was scrubbed... URL: <>Interview Questions for Programming Directors:
1. What factors influence the program scheduling process?
Highlights the candidate's knowledge of programming requirements and factors.
2. What methods have you used in the past to develop programming ideas and concepts?
Reveals the candidate's past experience and abilities to create quality content.
3. What are some legal requirements that you check before signing off on content?
Tests the candidate's understanding of important legal concepts.
4. How would you determine whether our content is getting the right kind of viewership?
Examines the candidate's analytical abilities and knowledge of programming terms.
5. What do you think about the online migration of content and media?
Explores the candidate's opinion about developments in programming and distribution.A big part of the 2007 Texas Bowl is giving back to the community that has been such a big support over the past two years.
With that in mind, Academy Sports & Outdoors and Under Armour, two of the Houston Texans' corporate partners, recently donated 100 tickets to the Texas Bowl to a local youth football organization.
The Southside Cowboys of the Greater Houston Pop Warner (GHPW) league won the 2007 national title in the Division II midget bracket (13-15 year olds) by beating the Capital City Steelers of North Carolina, 7-6, on Friday, Dec. 7 at the Disney Wide World of Sports Complex in Orlando, Fla.
In honor of the Southside Cowboys' achievement, Academy Sports & Outdoors and Under Armour were proud to donate the tickets to the first-ever Houston team to win a Pop Warner national championship.
"On behalf of the Southside Cowboys, I would like to thank the Texas Bowl, Under Armour and Academy Sports & Outdoors for their support with this endeavor," Kevin Walker, president and head coach of the Southside Cowboys, said. "I'm sure the kids from this low socio-economic community will greatly appreciate the tickets."
The Texas Bowl will feature the University of Houston Cougars facing the TCU Horned Frogs on Friday, Dec. 28 at Reliant Stadium. Last year's inaugural Texas Bowl included the Rutgers Scarlet Knights and the Kansas State Wildcats. Rutgers took the trophy after their 37-10 victory.
"Our goal with the Texas Bowl is to connect with the local community and a big part of that initiative is helping kids experience a bowl game," David Brady, director of Lone Star Sports and Entertainment, said. "For Academy and Under Armour to step up and provide these kids with a chance to experience a great college football game is exactly in line with our goals of this event."
Texans owner Bob McNair, who also serves as the Chairman Emeritus of the Texas Bowl Foundation, sent this message to the Southside Cowboys to congratulate them on their accomplishment.
To learn more about the Texas Bowl, please visit TexasBowl.org, where you can find information on tickets and other events surrounding the second annual bowl game.Meet our lawyers
VNC Corporate & Legal has a robust team of lawyers with rich experience across various areas of work. All team members are experts in their respective fields. They along with all attorneys have specialized knowledge of different strata of the legal domains.
Find one who specializes in what you need.
Nimesh Kumar,
Managing Partner
LL.B, Company Secretary, MBA
Nimesh heads the Corporate Commercial Practice of the Firm. His focus areas are mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, corporate restructuring, Insolvency & Bankruptcy practice, private equity, and formations of business entities.
.
Puneet Gupta,
Partner
B.Com, LL.B, MBA
Puneet is a Counsel in the litigation and alternative dispute resolution group of the Firm having over a decade of experience. He regularly represents clients at the Supreme Court of India, various High Courts, District Courts, Appellate Tribunals and quasi-judicial bodies.
Sanjay Singh,
Partner
B.Com, LL.B, MBA
Pankaj is a partner in the litigation practice of the Firm. His focus areas are civil litigation, consumer matters, RERA matters, Real Estate Disputes, and other kinds of litigation cases across District Courts, High Courts, and Supreme Court.
Lawyer 1
Partner
Mattis ullamcorper venenatis odio non ligula sed iaculis aliquet volutpat sit viverra tempus, vitae aliquet morbi enim, sapien vel sit aliquam in adipiscing porttitor.
Lawyer 2
Lawyer
Urna nisi id velit mauris at amet diam, cras aenean aliquam luctus duis pellentesque sem volutpat imperdiet in sed auctor scelerisque morbi odio arcu.
Get In Touch With Our Lawyers?
Write to us with your inquiries, questions, or request a meeting to discuss your potential case.
FREE Consultation
Our ServicesUse the BASE PLATE BRICK to create a brick-surface very fast and easy. Connect multiple brick base plates to one another and add it to your christmas village to create stunning brick effects. You can cut them to any size and shape and use them to create streets, walls or other city elements.
-Connectable: connect multiple brick base plates to one another to create a larger effect
-Easy to cut or drill.
-Made of 100% recycled plastic.2 Timothy 2
Good News Translation
A Loyal Soldier of Christ Jesus.
3 Take your part in suffering, as a loyal soldier of Christ Jesus. 4 A soldier on active duty wants to please his commanding officer and so does not get mixed up in the affairs of civilian life. 5 An athlete who runs in a race cannot win the prize unless he obeys the rules. 6 The farmer who has done the hard work should have the first share of the harvest. 7 Think about what I am saying, because the Lord will enable you to understand it (A)If we continue to endure,
we shall also rule with him.
If we deny him,
he also will deny us.
13 If we are not faithful,
he remains faithful,
because he cannot be false to himself.” have left the way of truth and are upsetting the faith of some believers by saying that our resurrection has already taken place. 19 (B)But the solid foundation that God has laid cannot be shaken; and on it are written these words: “The Lord knows those who are his” and “Those who say that they belong to the Lord must turn away from wrongdoing.”
20 In a large house there are dishes and bowls of all kinds: some are made of silver and gold, others of wood and clay; some are for special occasions, others for ordinary use. 21 Those who make themselves clean from all those evil things, will be used for special purposes, because they are dedicated and useful to.
Bible Gateway Recommends
You currently have JavaScript disabled in your web browser, please enable JavaScript to view our website as intended.
Here are the instructions of how to enable JavaScript in your browser.
The Athena SWAN Charter was launched in 2005, and recognises commitment to advancing and promoting women's careers in science, technology, engineering, maths and medicine (STEMM) employment. It is a highly successful programme, recognised for its potency in effecting cultural and systemic change towards gender equality.
Previously, research institutes were only eligible to apply for Athena SWAN awards if they were part of a higher education institution (HEI), or had HEI status. However, several research institutes funded by research councils expressed an interest in being involved in Athena SWAN, feeling that the process and network would facilitate the sharing of good practice, and the identification of actions. Research institutes recruit from, and are a key supplier of talent to the Higher Education (HE) sector, and have similar work patterns and cultures. As such, women in this part of the academic community experience similar barriers to career progression.
As part of the Royal Society’s diversity programme the Society funded a pilot project with Equality Challenge Unit (ECU) to investigate opening the Charter to previously excluded research institutes. The pilot ran over the course of 2013, with six research institutes applying for an Athena SWAN award.
Following the pilot, the ECU agreed to open Athena SWAN membership to research institutes from April 2014, and further developed the Charter to reflect the particular challenges they face.
The research institutes have now received feedback on their submissions and the final project report is available for download. We would like to congratulate the following institutes on their success in achieving an Award:
The awards were formally presented during a ceremony and launch event at The Royal Society, on Thursday 1 May 2014.
Going forward, specifically targeted workshops will be held to support research institutes who are interested in applying for an Athena SWAN award, with assistance from research council staff involved in the pilot.
The institutes below have given an account of their experience of the Athena SWAN pilot study, detailing the learnings, challenges and the value of applying for accreditation, as well as the far-reaching benefits of gaining an award.
British Geological Survey (PDF)
James Hutton Institute (PDF)
John Innes Centre (PDF)
Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute (PDF)
MRC National Institute for Medical Research (PDF)Beautiful fine cable and diamond patterning are the standout features of this gorgeous design. Created from a cotton blend, the Unwind Cable Knit features a round neckline, curved hem, longer tail, and long sleeves. Pair this knit with our Departure Pant and sneakers for a super comfy and relaxed look.Thelma Mae HagerFeb. 24, 2018-Nov. 23, 2018Age: 90Residence: GreeleyThelma Mae Hager, 90, of Greeley passed away Nov. 26, 2018. Thelma was born Feb. 24, 1928, in Greeley to John and Laura (Fletcher) Walker. After graduating from Gill High School, she married Vernon Hager. They met at the Warnoco Roller Rink in high school, and married at the Hager Home in 1947. Thelma and Vernon had two children, Barry and Donna.Thelma loved being a homemaker, but also found her niche grooming dogs out of her home for 33 years. Thelma was a longtime member of Immanuel Lutheran Church, and a member of the Swedish Club. She enjoyed flowers and especially loved taking care of the flowers in her yard.Thelma is survived by her son, Barry Hager; grandchildren, Jared (Ann Marie Zimmerman) Hager, Kelly Hager, Michael Rees, and Amanda Rees; and great-granddaughter, Addison Hager.Thelma was preceded in death by her husband; daughter, Donna; grandson, Jeff; four brothers and four sisters.Memorial contributions are suggested to Immanuel Lutheran Church of Greeley, in care of Allnutt Funeral Service, 702 13th St., Greeley, Colo. 80631.A Celebration of Life will be at 11 a.m., Monday, Dec. 3, 2018, at Immanuel Lutheran Church, 1865 14th Ave., Greeley, Colo.VDOT News - Northern Virginia
Partial Closure of Faulkner Drive in Great Falls Begins May 24
Northbound Faulkner Drive closed through 2022
GREAT FALLS - Starting on or about Monday, May 24 and continuing through 2022, drivers on westbound Route 7 will experience a temporary traffic pattern change at Faulkner Drive.
All residences and businesses will remain accessible. Please see map and descriptions below for details:
Faulkner Drive
- Northbound Faulkner Drive will be closed between Route 7 and Locust Hill Drive through 2022.
- Drivers on Route 7 destined for Locust Hill Drive and other local streets will follow the detour on Forestville Drive, Fairpine Lane, Trotting Horse Lane and Locust Hill Drive.
- Access to Route 7 westbound via southbound Faulkner Drive will not be impacted at this time.
For information on intersection movements at the completion of construction, please see the interactive map on the project website..Feng Shui By candice
Join the site for FREE:
Exclusive FREE content! Try one of the 5 day Feng Shui Challenges! 5 days to shift your space.
Do you want to take you business to the next level? Maybe you're on the opposite end and you're struggling to stay afloat? This challenge is PERFECT for you! Focused on more than Feng Shui, the 5 day Business Challenge, comes with videos, and downloadable pdf's to walk you thru focusing on 5 areas of your business in 5 days. This will challenge you to put in work and think about whats working and what isn't.
This Challenge addresses everything from Feng Shui to business system and mindset. What are you struggling with in your business? This challenge will shift your mindset for success.
Do you want to start with Feng Shui and don't know where? Do you feel more confused the more you how to's search online? I've been there! It's one of the biggest reasons I teach so much!
So, where can you start to feel a shift in your space? This 5 day Challenge includes 5 full color Pdf's checklists to follow to see a difference in your environment. You don't need to implement every suggestion, pick a couple off the list daily and note changes in your feelings, maybe you notice an area of your life you were previously stuck in, suddenly shift! The possibilities are endless and results are sure to follow
Working from home while kids simultaneously home school is a huge challenge. How can we support them while we all make this giant change to our lives? Answer: 1. be kind to yourself. 2. Give this challenge a try!
5 day Feng Shui challenge for kids includes 5 downloadable pdf's. But this challenge is unique in that each day includes a deep dive to go deeper in to understanding, and application of Feng Shui and Chinese astrology (BaZi) You can choose to just do simple application or go deeper in the DEEP DIVES to get bigger results.
THESE CAN ALL BE IMPLEMENTED EVEN IF YOU DON'T HAVE KIDS.
Understanding how to effectively measure social media is challenging; oftentimes marketers aren’t sure how to identify and use specific metrics. Every business needs a strategy tailored to its own particular objectives.
Start with setting objectives according to the SMART acronym: Specific, Measurable, Actionable, Realistic and Timed. This practice will ensure your objectives are in line with your metrics.
Choose very specific social media goals that support the company’s overarching objectives, such as generating leads, retaining existing customers, reducing costs, increasing awareness, etc.
Be clear about who qualifies as a “lead,” which could vary depending on your type of business. B2B leads, for example, may be those who fill out forms or download eBooks, whereas B2C leads may be linked to who made actual purchases or signed up for a newsletter. Tracking codes within links sent out through social media can be used for shaping future social media initiatives.
Additional tips include defining ROI from the outset (not after you begin tracking), deciding what series of actions would necessitate a potential sale, measuring cost savings, using a centralized dashboard and staying flexible and open to shifts in strategy.
For more information, check out the following infographic by ExactTarget, which outlines five steps to effective social media measurement.
A serious accident can throw your life into turmoil. When the accident is at least partially due to the negligent acts of another party, it is important to hold the other party accountable while ensuring that you recover the financial compensation you need.
At Goldberg Noone Abraham,.
We Handle A Wide Range Of Accident Cases
Our lawyers have a track record of success handling a wide range of personal injury claims, including those involving:
Serious and catastrophic injuries: Some injuries are more serious than others. When an accident results in a catastrophic, life-changing injury, you need someone in your corner who can help develop a complete picture of your losses to help you pursue the full compensation you deserve.
Motor vehicle accidents: Auto accidents occur every day. A crash at even low speed can result in a lasting injury. We know how to negotiate with insurance companies while exploring all available avenues for getting you the help you need.
Motorcycle crashes: Motorcyclists have the same rights to the road as other drivers. However, inattentive and reckless drivers can make roads unsafe for even the most cautious bikers. Because motorcycle accidents often involve significant injuries, it is essential to seek legal help from a team that has experience handling these types of cases.
Truck accidents: Other vehicles are simply no match for a semi truck. People involved in truck accidents often suffer severe, life-altering injuries. We thoroughly investigate the circumstances surrounding truck accidents, determining who should be held liable while demanding accountability.
Bicycle crashes: As more people adopt bicycles as a means of transportation, more bicycle accidents occur. When other motorists fail to follow the rules of the road, we are there to hold them accountable for their reckless actions while ensuring you get the help you need.
Accidents involving pedestrians: There is no shortage of things that can cause a motorist to become distracted. Cellphones, GPS devices and computerized dashboards can all cause drivers to take their eyes off of the road for even a split second and miss a person crossing the street. We are here to help protect the interests of pedestrians.
Boat accidents: The abundance of waterways in southwest Florida means that boating is popular. However, this also means that boating accidents occur frequently. Injury claims involving boat accidents differ significantly from auto accident claims. That is why it is important to seek help from an attorney with experience handling these types of cases.
Dog bites: Dog bite injuries are often psychological as well as physical, especially if the victim is a child. We can help develop a complete picture of a person's damages in an effort to help them recover full and fair compensation for their injuries.
Drowning accidents: Florida leads the nation in drownings, many of which involve children. If the drowning can be attributed to the negligence of another party, it may be possible to pursue a wrongful death claim on a loved one's behalf. We know that there is nothing that will make up for your loss. However, we can help send a message that reckless actions will not be tolerated in our state.
Injuries involving herniated disks: A violent motor vehicle collision or even a slip-and-fall can cause a painful spinal cord injury. Insurance companies often downplay a person's pain when they have suffered a herniated disk in an accident. However, we know that these injuries can impact every area of your life, which is why we will fight to help you recover what you deserve.
We are available to answer all of your personal injury questions and to help determine whether you have a case.
Hurt In An Accident? Contact Us For A Free Consultation.
If you or a loved one has been seriously injured in an accident, you may be entitled to financial compensation. To schedule a free consultation, call us at 239-461-5508 or contact us online. With offices in Fort Myers and Cape Coral, we are conveniently located to help serve you.The national average cost for a kitchen remodel is between $10,000 and $30,000. However, it's not unheard of for a full kitchen remodel to reach $50,000 or more.
Whether you’re looking to do a total upgrade or just a modest update, we’re here to help you learn how to budget your kitchen remodel.
Here are our top 5 go-to tips for budgeting your kitchen remodel:
- Find Your Budget and Stick to It
- Research and Design Everything First
- Choose Materials Yourself
- Do Some of the Work Yourself
- Get Quotes from Multiple Contractors
Find interior demolition contractors near me
1. Find Your Budget and Stick to it
The biggest question to ask yourself when starting the kitchen remodel process is, “How much can I truly spend?”
We all have dream kitchens, but it’s important that you’re honest with yourself (and your contractor) about how much you can actually spend on this kitchen.
With that being said, if you are planning on selling your home in the near future, your remodel should be seen as an investment.
Budget your remodel to accommodate the things that will give you the best return on investment.
Thorough planning is the key to sticking to your kitchen remodel budget, but the unexpected can still happen.
You can plan your kitchen to a 'T', but the unexpected can still happen.
Homes built before the 80s may contain asbestos or lead, which will need to be tested and removed properly.
Unanticipated costs like these can add up to thousands, so plan accordingly.
Learn more:
2. Research and Design Everything First
Kitchen remodels are complicated, and there are 100 questions you’ll need to ask yourself before getting started (and then 100 more after that), like:
How do you plan on using your kitchen?
If you love to cook and entertain, design your kitchen around your passions.
On the contrary, if you and your family typically eat out or order in, then keep your kitchen strictly functional.
How many people are typically in your kitchen at a time?
A kitchen's layout is key—there’s nothing more claustrophobic than a congested, unorganized kitchen.
If you have a big family or friends over all the time, then you’ll want to plan your kitchen to accommodate that.
What type of food do you eat?
You don’t need a big food pantry if a majority of your diet consists of fresh food.
Instead, opt for a larger refrigerator and storage space designed to hold Tupperware, blenders, and whatever kitchen equipment you have.
What are your must-haves?
If you absolutely must have a double wall oven, or you need a farmhouse sink, budget for these items first.
Keep “nice-to-have” items in the back of your mind, too, so you can budget for these accordingly.
Making last-minute changes quickly increases the overall cost of your kitchen project, so the more research you do and the more prepared you are, the better off you’ll be.
You may be tempted to put things off and “wait until later” to make a design decision, but this is generally not a good idea.
When it comes to remodeling, nothing is ever as simple and straightforward as we’d like to think.
For example, if you know you want tile floors, but you don’t know which ones, and you figure you’ll decide when the time comes… Well, it’s not that simple.
Tiles come in many different materials, sizes, and patterns—all of which affects material and installation costs.
Do a floor-to-ceiling checklist for what you expect out of your kitchen, and then design it to your specifications and budget.
Learn more:
- Kitchen Remodeling 101: Costs, Safety, and How to Get Started
- Best Dumpster Sizes for Small Demolition Projects
- Most Valuable Home Improvement Projects
- 15 of the Most On-Trend Kitchen Remodel Design Ideas
Find interior demolition experts near you
3. Choose the Materials Yourself (and Do So Wisely)
Sure, you could leave the entire kitchen remodeling process up to a contractor, but that’s a good way to let costs get out of hand.
Shop around for big-ticket items on your own, such as appliances, countertops, cabinets, and flooring.
Appliances
To get the biggest bang for your buck, aim for mid-grade name brand appliances.
These appliances are good quality, are able to last a decent number of years, and are appealing to a wide range of buyers.
Like cars, you rarely recoup anything close to the purchase price of your appliance, so if you plan on selling your home soon, your best bet is to get quality appliances that look nice without being over the top. (Unless your entire home is over the top, then by all means, go big!)
Cabinets
The price of cabinets varies immensely, so take your time to find a quality cabinet that fits your budget.
In most instances, you can get the same look you’re going for with a different wood or design.
Cabinet boxes can be made of furniture-grade plywood, but to ensure cabinets last, choose doors and drawer fronts made of solid wood.
Soft-close features are an excellent choice, too.
Countertops
This is another critical aspect of kitchens in which prices vary widely.
Highly popular and expensive quartz and granite are equally good options and come in a variety of prices.
Shop at local supply stores to keep countertop costs low, or take advantage of the lookalikes out there to achieve the look of granite or quartz without the steep price tag.
Flooring
Flooring is yet another aspect of kitchen remodeling in which pricing ranges a great deal.
To get the best prices on hardwood floors, check out surplus stores or overstock warehouses.
For tile flooring, the big name home improvement stores typically have the best prices (albeit a limited selection).
Shop around to find the right products for your lifestyle and budget. Don’t become fixated or obligated to go purchase the most popular brand-name products. Planning is key to stick to a budget.
4. Do Some of the Work Yourself
A kitchen remodel can be complicated, but there are aspects of the process that are DIY friendly.
If you’re willing and able to take on some of the kitchen remodeling process yourself, you could save big on the total cost of the project.
Replacing cabinets (and/or doors), painting, replacing flooring—these are just a few examples of jobs you can do yourself during a kitchen remodel to save money.
Keep in mind that although doing work yourself is a great way to save money, it doesn’t always mean you should choose to DIY. Only do the work you feel comfortable handling yourself and leave the tougher work to the professionals. Always be safe!
Keep reading:
- Pros and Cons of Doing Kitchen Demolition Yourself
- 7 Things You Should Know Before Starting a DIY Demo Project
- Small Demolition Projects: DIY or Hire a PRO?
- Wall Demolition Tips for the DIY Homeowner
5. Get Quotes from Multiple Contractors
Before even considering hiring a contractor, you should have the following things covered:
You know the rough layout of your kitchen.
Have a PDF version of the desired layout so that it’s easy to email to a contractor or print out for them.
Even if it’s not exact, having a visual to work with makes it easier for a contractor to predict a timeline and offer an accurate bid.
You have all your desired materials.
The more materials you have before the project begins, the easier it will be for the contractor to complete the project.
This will not only minimize material costs but also the amount of time it takes for the contractor to do the work. (Time is money!)
You have a good understanding of the scope of work.
Knowing the volume of work and roughly how involved the process will be are key bits of information for the contractor.
Maybe you just want a cosmetic upgrade with no major layout changes, or maybe you’re looking for an entire revamp of your kitchen space.
Whatever the case, the more specific you can be about what you want to be done, the easier it will be for a contractor to accurately bid on your project.
After you’ve prepared all the necessary information for your kitchen remodel, go to HometownDemolitionContractors.com to find a directory of highly qualified local interior demolition contractors in your area.
We typically recommend getting quotes from at least 2-3 contractors, but the more contractors you talk to, the better.
If a bid sounds too good to be true (i.e., cheap), it probably is.
Ask contractors for line item bids so that you can closely compare how contractors price their work, and ask for references to see what they’ve done in the past.
Insider Tip: If you can, take advantage of contractors’ slow time of year—the months that fall between the holidays and the first signs of spring.
Contractors appreciate indoor work during this time and may be willing to do it for a more reasonable price.
Be sure the contractor(s) you hire is properly licensed and insured, and that they have the necessary permits needed to do the work. If not readily available, ask to see their certifications; don’t just take their word for it.
Find interior demolition contractors in your hometown
Learn more:No spills, no fuss! The Heinz Soft Spout Sipper Cup is perfect for little hands, featuring a non-spill spout shaped to help your tot transition from breast or bottle feeding.
Features:
- Heinz baby feeding essentials
- Design: Soft Spout Sipper Cup
- Colour: Randomly Selected (Orange/Blue/Purple)
- Capacity: 300mL
- Advanced non-spill technology
- Super soft & flexible silicone spout
- Protective hygienic cover
- Phthalate, latex and BPA free
- Dishwasher, steriliser and microwave safe
- Convenient shape for little hands
- Recommended for ages 9+ months
- Materials: Plastic/silicone
- Dimensions (approx. cm): N/A
- Country of origin: N/A
Heinz is a brand loved and respected worldwide and their Baby Basics range is trusted by parents who know what’s best for their bub. Featuring quality designs that are made to last in fun, bright colours - they’re a must-have for parents the world over!Germany Castle Stolberg (Harz)
- Please log in or sign up for free to see the geo position & weather for this photo spot
View through a street full of half timbered houses to the castle of Stolberg
Photography Tips
Please log in or sign up for free to see the photography tips.
Travel Information
Parking is possible
Crowd Factor Just a few people
Best Timing Sunset
Sunrise & Sunset 07:52 - 16:15 | current local time: 03:19
Spot Comments (0)Who owns Narragansett Bay Insurance Company?
Who owns Narragansett Bay Insurance Company?
Heritage Insurance Holdings, Inc.
Narragansett Bay Insurance Company (“NBIC”) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Heritage Insurance Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:HRTG) (“Heritage” or the “Company”). Heritage is a property and casualty insurance holding company headquartered in Clearwater, Florida.
What states does Narragansett Bay write in?
Narragansett Bay offers insurance products in homeowners, renters, and dwelling fire currently in these states: Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Rhode Island, and Virginia.
How long has Narragansett Bay Insurance company been in business?
Location of This Business
What is personal property replacement cost?
Replacement cost covers the cost to rebuild and does not include land. For example, you may be able to sell your home for $500,000, but it may only cost $250,000 to rebuild.
Where is the Narragansett Bay insurance company located?
The company currently provides homeowners coverage in Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Rhode Island, and Virginia – with plans to add additional states. Headquartered in Johnston, Rhode Island, Narragansett Bay Insurance offers its products and services through an extensive network of independent agents.
What are the flood limits for Narragansett Bay insurance?
The NBIC Flood Endorsement, when attached to the NBIC Homeowner policy offers the following: Flood limits matching homeowner policy limits (Coverages A, B, C and D) Replacement cost loss settlement on dwellings for both primary and secondary homes
How does shelterpride work for Narragansett Bay insurance?
During the ShelterPride process, personalized interior and exterior surveys are conducted to ensure policyholders have the correct amount of coverage based on replacement cost, are alerted to important safety risks and are getting the credits they deserve.
What kind of rating does Narragansett Bay have?
Narragansett Bay has been assigned (and reaffirmed) a Financial Stability Rating® (FSR) of “A, Exceptional” by Demotech, Inc., a nationally recognized financial analysis and actuarial consulting firm.The problem is that a command like "unlock door" has different restrictions than "unlock door with key". Currently, if you are "lazy" and just type "unlock door" you must be holding the key. But if you instead type "unlock door with key" it is sufficient that you can see the key.
Apparently, the easiest thing would be to add the restriction "Player must be holding the object(key)" to the "unlock objects with object"-task. Alternatively, we could remove that restriction from all unlock/lock-tasks and simply require that the key is visible.
However, it should be perfectly fine if the author has decided to place the key in e.g. the keyhole. If that is the case, it should be possible to unlock the door without taking the key first. If this is what the author wants, adding the tighter restriction above would mean that the "unlock door with key"-task would only run (or be overridden) if the player is holding the key. So ironically, the player would have to take the key from the keyhole before unlocking the door.
So perhaps it is better to have looser restrictions. Then the author can choose to override the default response with tighter restrictions.
One more detail the authors should be aware of: If the key is inside an object you are holding, ADRIFT regards the key as held, but if you are wearing that object, the key is not regarded as held. Still, what is most important is, that all unlock and lock tasks agree on what is required.
I would like to hear your thoughts about this, before I apply changes to the Combined Library.
Caucasos Shepherd Dog Ulka di Jacopone da Todi The Caucasian Shepherd Dog is native to the areas of the former USSR: the Caucasus, Dagestan, Georgia, Armenia, Azerbaijan, etc.. It is one of the oldest breeds and guard livestock defence and its origin is lost in the legend when you spoke of a dog by the strength of a bear so aggressive wild, nicknamed him Ché "crushes wolves", but at the same time so wise and balanced to be elected keeper of the home and children. Undaunted, territorial, markedly wary with strangers and devotedly attached to the master, the Caucasian Sheepdog is primarily a sheepdog. The corrected cognitive approach to this race must consider pastoralism in the regions of the former regions. The second natural environment where he had his character and morphological development. A wild sheep farming where the Caucasian Shepherd Dog is left alone for days in custody of herds and only must simultaneously provide to itself and to the protection of the flocks entrusted to him by hungry wolves and bears. In his memory and then bred retains strong aptitude for defense of what is dear, whether raw or his family, ready to give whatever they can without delay any for this objective. Only recently since 1930 has been used to guard and military tasks (dog elected by special bodies of the Soviet police) and the new 2011 standard, unlike the previous one he considered, rightly, as a breed trait aggressiveness, has rightly acknowledged the aggression even as predatory and non-inherent defect definitely in character of Caucasian Sheepdog. Sheepdog so first of all (the original name of Reductor dog from fold Caucasian "Kavkazskaia Ovcharka"), strong character, reserved and wary towards strangers, affectionate and tognazzi also directed some to his master and his family, is incorruptible guardian of property and the home is sweet, protective and especially with children and with children proves a nice Playmateprovided that these do not excessively violent games cause any inconvenience. Calm, thoughtful and not at all overpowering as conscious of his size and physical strength, become aggressive only in case of real danger to the people he loves. These typical character traits you see but only and only if this breed is left free to carry out his duties as mother nature dictates: guard the herds. In our allevativo Center "Jacopone da Todi", precisely for this reason the Caucasian Shepherd Dog is free to run from grasslands to forests in custody of flocks that graze there free. Only in this way will never unnecessarily and unreasonably aggressive and always going to be incorruptible guardian of all types of properties and only in case of real danger to people or property under his control, effectively manifest the necessary aggressive reactions towards those who enters his property without permission or who endangers his family, always doing preventing the real attack by apparent signs of threat such as barks and growls straight hair. We believe that the Caucasian Sheepdog more realistic heir of the ancient and mythical Dog of Tibet, arrived in Armenia and in other areas of the Caucasus in the wake of nomadic pastoralists tribe, only recently arrived in the West, passing through the former Czechoslovakia, Poland and Hungary. The best of health, we recommend, as all giant dogs, don't stress your joints still growing with leaps and puppy stairs. His meals must be abundant and much protein given its considerable wealth. The Caucasian Sheepdog requires a master capable of becoming a pack leader to respect and value, who knows how to stand out and that at the same time not claims to subject it to submission and coercion nonsense that does not understand. Never going to be a dog that brought on a leash time trusting sociable with everyone, because its natural habitat will be guarding the garden and to each property, the protection of the family and loved ones to his master that is ready to give everything to the extreme sacrifice. But, the highlight (for a dog by an extraordinary force is good to dwell again), these typical morphological character and are manifested only in the true Caucasian Sheepdog who has inherited from his ancestors all features and typicality of Sheepdogs and that has grown since the first months of life in an agro-pastoral context free to move between forests and grasslands to guard and protect the herds and property. Franco SimoniWorkshops Schedule
Charlotte Mason Online Conference
Workshops Schedule
**Pacific Time Zone**
Monday, June 24 - Getting Started with Charlotte Mason
1:00 PM Ana Willis WWCD? A Charlotte Mason Education in the 21st Century
2:00 PM Dollie Freeman Self-Education: The Pinnacle Ideal of the Charlotte Mason Way
3:00 PM Kay Chance How to Grow Faith & Disciple Kids with Bible Study + Journaling
4:00 PM Crystal & John Schindele Why? Not just a question for Preschoolers
5:00 PM Tatiana Adurias Fostering a Charlotte Mason Community
Tuesday, June 25 - Early Years, Nature Study & Handicrafts
1:00 PM Amy Fischer Before Curriculum: Using Charlotte Mason's Educational Tools in your Home
2:00 PM Sarah Bliss The Intricacies of Nature Study
3:00 PM Meghann Dibrell Handicrafts for Whole Body Learning
4:00 PM Angela O'Dell Growing Naturally in Language Skills
5:00 PM Jennifer Dowdy Charlotte Mason in the Early Years
Wednesday, June 26 - Charlotte Mason Curriculum for All Ages
1:00 PM Angela O'Dell Learning & Teaching History from a Biblical Worldview
2:00 PM Jeannie Fulbright 5 Steps to a Superior Science Education
3:00 PM Julie Ross The Pageant of History
4:00 PM Chelli Guthrie Encouraging You and Your Reluctant Writer
5:00 PM Ashley Wiggers Making Geography Memorable
Thursday, June 27 - Living Literature, Shakespeare and the Arts
1:00 PM Gena Mayo Doing Music the Charlotte Mason Way
2:00 PM Gena Mayo "Me? Teach Shakespeare? Then it has to be easy."
3:00 PM Dachelle McVey Add Enchantment to Your Homeschool through Literature
4:00 PM Erica Johns The Gift of The Arts
5:00 PM Diana Waring From Ordinary to Extraordinary—A Multi-Faceted Approach to Learning
Friday, June 28 - Habit Training & God’s Purpose for Our Homeschool
1:00 PM Cori Dean What is a Biblical Home Education?
2:00 PM Kathie Morrisey Training Character Into Your Children
3:00 PM Tara Wholford Spirit Led Homeschooling
4:00 PM Charlene Notgrass Homeschooling: The Making of Theodore Roosevelt
5:00 PM Lee Felix 4 Keys to Keep an Encouraged Homeschool Mama HeartSuffolk police warning after hint at overtime cut
SUFFOLK'S police officers last night hit out at changes proposed by the Home Secretary and said communities across the county should be concerned by potential cuts.
The county's Police Federation also joined its colleagues from across the country in attacking Theresa May for apparently 'pre-empting' a major report on police pay and conditions which is due to be published tomorrow .
In a major speech last week, Mrs May said that in any organisation where �11billion, three-quarters of total spending, went on wages, it was clear pay would have to be considered in any review. She also said authorities should look at the cost of overtime.
A review of pay and conditions has been undertaken by former rail regulator Tom Winsor and is due to be published tomorrow.
A spokesman for the Home Office said Mrs May would only see the report when it was published.
Matt Gould, chair of the Suffolk Police Federation, said: 'Officers often find themselves compelled to work long hours and it is right and proper that they should be compensated for working those additional hours particularly as such additional duties impact directly on officers' families.'
He added: 'We have a very low overtime rate, one of the lowest in the country, but it is right that offices should be compensated. are told where they have to work in the county and could have to find themselves moving 70 miles at their own expense.'
During her speech Mrs May also said police forces should look at ways of cutting 'back office' expenses – and praised what was happening in East Anglia.
She said: 'Look at Suffolk and Norfolk, where they are creating a shared service platform for their back office support functions. This will deliver savings of approximately �10million per year from their joint budgets.'
A statement from the Suffolk Police Federation said: 'Communities should be genuinely concerned that should the cuts be as far-reaching as the Home Secretary suggests, this will result in a significant impact on the service which can be provided by the police in areas such as Suffolk which are historically under-resourced.'Lodging
As one of our guests you will be treated to our down home cozy bunkhouse living with all of the amenities of home. It is located right in the heart of the ranch with wildlife and breathtaking views in every direction. This 6 bed 2 full bath bunkhouse is equipped with a washer and dryer, an entertainment room that includes a satellite TV, and a fully equipped kitchen to accommodate all of your dining needs. A full kitchen staff can be made available for guests at their request.What type of beds are provided?
The 1-Bedroom Deluxe and 1-Bedroom Premier apartments are each equipped with 1 King-sized bed.
The 2-Bedroom Deluxe apartment features 1 King-sized bed and 1 Queen-sized bed.
The 2-Bedroom Premier apartment has the option of 1 King-sized bed and 1 Queen-sized bed, or 1 King-sized bed and 2 Single beds.
The 3-Bedroom apartments feature 1 King-sized bed, 1 Queen-sized bed and 1 Single bed.
Are pets allowed?
Fraser Suites Singapore is a pet-friendly serviced apartment in Singapore that welcomes dogs and cats up to a certain size. Additional charges and other terms and conditions apply. Please check with us when making your reservations.
What is the check-in and check-out time?
Check-in time is 2pm and check-out time is 12pm.
Are baby cots available?
Yes. Complimentary baby cots are subject to availability
Are extra beds available?
Yes. Each bed is available (up to the maximum occupancy of the apartment) at an extra charge of SGD 55 nett per day for an adult or child 12 years and above. For children aged 6 to 11 years, the cost is SGD 27.50 nett per day. The bed is complimentary for children under 6 years old
Are newspapers provided?
The Straits Times, The Business Times, LianHe Zaobao, International Herald Tribune, Asian Wall Street Journal, Asahi Shimun and Nikkei Shimbun are available for in-room subscription, subject to additional charges.
Is Internet access provided?
Guests enjoy complimentary high-speed Wi-Fi access in-room and throughout the property.
Are laundry services provided?
Laundry services are available and subject to additional charges. There is also a washer and a dryer in the room for your convenience.
Are the facilities at your Singapore city apartments complimentary?
Yes, the facilities are complimentary for all in-house residents.
What are the available dining options?
Dining is available at The Dining Room and The Alfresco located on level 1 of the property, daily till 5pm.
What time is breakfast served?
Breakfast hours are 6.30am to 11:00am (Monday to Friday) and 7.30am to 11:00am (Saturday and Sunday).
Is the menu customisable to my dietary needs?
Yes, please provide your dietary requests when making a reservation
How much does breakfast cost?
Breakfast is available at SGD 15 per person. Prices exclude prevailing taxes
Is airport shuttle service provided?
Yes. One-way airport transfers are provided for stays of one month and above at our luxury apartments in Singapore. Charges apply for stays under one month. Please approach our Front Desk for more details or call +65 67 375 800 or email fscre@frasershospitality.com for arrangement of airport transfers.
What is the cost of limousine services?
From 7.00am to 10.59pm: SGD 75.00 (inclusive of tax) per transfer vehicle per way.
From 11.00pm to 6.59am: SGD90.00 (inclusive of tax) per transfer vehicle per way.
Prices subject to change without prior notice.
Please approach our Front Desk for more details or call +65 67 375 800 or email fscre@frasershospitality.com for arrangement of airport transfers.
Is parking available at the property?
Yes. Each apartment is entitled to one parking space.Head of Upper School- Alison Moore ([email protected])
The they will take to GCSE (see this link for options),.
The Church Chare PCs.Crushed concrete crusher run atlanta ga,you can call 682 in atlanta, ga, for information regarding our crusher run or crushed concrete products.Learn More
High quality products
100% Factory price
Customized solution
Full after-sales Service
you can call 682 in atlanta, ga, for information regarding our crusher run or crushed concrete.
apr 22, 2013 crusher in atlanta sale. portable rock crushers & portable concrete crushers the hi- portable concrete crusher is a self-propelled jaw crusher with
mobile concrete crushing recycling concrete atlanta gamobile concrete crushing recycling concrete atlanta gagraystone llc in atlanta georgia is a concrete crushing and screening contractor specializing in onsite crushing and screening to make crusher run and fill material we crush screen and hammer concrete rocks boulders and granite, concrete portable crusher
concrete crusher rental In georgia. concrete crusher hire ga henan mining machinery concrete crusher rental in georgia cz eu portable concrete crusher panies georgia concrete crushers for rent in georgia results of equipment rentals portable screeners crushers get price and support online concrete crushers for rent in georgia samac
portable rock crushing atlanta. crushing at the actual construction site using portable crushers reduces construction costs and the pollution generated when compared with transporting material to and from a quarry. large road-portable plants can crush concrete and asphalt rubble at up to 600 tons per hour or more. get a quote. online message. ortable.
portable crushers temporary aggregate production is common for short-term projects. despite higher initial investment costs, mobile crushing and screening solutions are better options than stationary ones because of the time-saving disassembly, transportation and installation advantages they provide.
portable recirculating impact crusher. built with all the rugged performance and durability of our standard the recirculating impact crusher offers two additional functions. large two-deck screen, fed directly from the crusher, delivers sized product off the fines conveyor..
jan 18, 2014 the hi- portable concrete crusher is a self-propelled portable crusher with industrial-strength power needed portable jaw, cone & impact crushing plants rock, ore, coal american made portable rock, ore, coal crushing plants for mining, aggregate, concrete & recycling, construction & demolition applications. crushers are ideal for work in hard rock quarries, recycled concrete & asphalt projects, sand and gravel operations, coal producing, and ferrous and non-ferrous mining. some features include: stationary, portable, or modular plants. primary, secondary, or tertiary systems. closed concrete crushers for rent in south carolinaportable concrete crusher machine ortable concrete crusher machineortable concrete crusher machine is the new type crusher machine used in construction and mining industry for convenient production line good and responsible manufacturer will provide the advanced crushing.
initial crushers that are part of the plant. To be eligible for the pbr, the maximum plant capacity must be tons per hour or less for fixed sand and gravel, crushed stone, and recycled asphaltconcrete plants; 150 tons per hour or less for portable
constmach is the leader concrete batching plant, crusher and concrete block machine manufacturer of turkey since its foundation, 2002. cement silos, sand screening and washing plants, mobile crusher are other product types which are manufactured by constmach.
portable concrete crushers for sale,cost of concrete crushing posted at: april 2012. gulin is a professional concrete crushing equipments manufacturer in mini portable concrete crushers crusher machine for sale.
crushers used crushers results of crushers for sale find It for sale On your source for new & used crushers equipment. 2007 eagle concrete crusher in portsmouth, ohio. 2007 extec 328 in ga, georgia.
senya tech ltd top manufacturer of micro rock crushers & conveyors, portable rock crushers, portable concrete crushers & other crushing equipment call.
senya crushers top choice for portable jaw crushers!! We guarantee that the senya portable jaw crusher is the most efficient crusher for small scale crushing projects call 830 today for more info.
impact crushers. 150 portable closed circuit plant rock crusher; 150 primary plant rock crusher; 200 closed circuit plant rock crusher 300 primary plant rock crusher; 400 primary plant rock crusher; inventory in yard. 150 crushboss transformer.
jan 07, 2021 lippmann-milwaukee portable s-6220 vgf electric impactor plant designed to operate in limestone or gravel and concrete recycling operations. the lippmann model impactor plant is designed to operate as a secondary plant
portable concrete crushers for rent In ohio. portable concrete crusher rental ohio jaw crusher ball home portable concrete crushers for rent in ohio crusher works your truly mobile screening and crushing solutions we sell rent and service products including crushers screens scalpers shredders coal mines asphalt concrete demolition top soil mulch compost and more parts for many other portable
mobile onsite portable concrete crushing & concrete recycling atlanta georgia call mark rypel 083 for atlanta georgia mobile onsite portable atlanta concrete crus.The APS Approach and Tips for Parents
As educators, APS staff recognize that the necessary ingredients for creating a safe school environment that is free of bullying, harassment and violence include adults working together to identify and respond to bullying, and teaching students important social emotional skills to help them in life.
How do we identify bullying behavior? Bullying can appear in many forms:
- Physical bullying – kicking, hitting, biting, pinching, hair pulling, pushing or making threats
- Verbal bullying – name calling, spreading rumors, persistent teasing or verbal assaults
- Emotional bullying – intimidation, racial slurs and gestures, unwanted physical contact or offensive gestures
- Cyberbullying – emails, websites, chat rooms, instant messaging and texting, meant to threaten, harass, embarrass or target someone
Every adult is a first line responder in addressing any bullying or harassment behavior. While students may have learned some tools to recognize and respond to bullying, they are all encouraged to reach out to a trusted adult – at school, at home or in the community – to report bullying and harassment that they experience or witness.
Under the umbrella of state guidelines and APS policies, we focus on providing support to the students involved, investigating what happened, and taking appropriate actions to address the problem. Then school counselors and student services staff work with any students who have experienced, witnessed or displayed bullying behaviors and will coordinate with the students’ families to provide support.
In APS classrooms over the past three years, counselors have focused on providing consistent social-emotional instruction in all APS elementary and middle schools. Adding social emotional learning to our instructional program is a critical part of building a safe school. Students become socially competent citizens by learning about empathy, emotion regulation, problem solving, bullying prevention, and other necessary life-skills. Building these important social and emotional skills in elementary and middle school helps students build resiliency. By working to apply these skills within their schools, students become empowered to build a safe and positive climate and culture. Most importantly, children who feel comfortable in a safe and supportive environment are ready to learn and contribute.
Finally, we believe parent and community education is important. All adults need to know how to recognize bullying and to address it in their own lives. Here are three questions parents should consider:
- Is my child being bullied? Some might not tell you. Look for unexplainable injuries, difficulty sleeping or nightmares, feeling sick or faking illness, changes in eating habits, lost or destroyed items. Parents may want to document what’s happening and talk to school staff.
- Is my child demonstrating bullying behaviors? Do they get into physical/verbal fights, are they becoming increasingly aggressive, are they getting sent to the Principal’s office, do they have friends who engage in bullying behavior, do they blame others for their problems or do they have unexplained extra money or new belongings?
- What if my child witnesses bullying behaviors? They may feel pressure to participate, worry that adults are not in control, or feel guilt, powerlessness and anxiety.
Everyone can help!
Here are a few quick ways parents!
More resources are available online to help families, or you can contact the school counselor or principal in your child’s school. You can also call the Office of Student Services 703-228-6062 or the Department of Administrative Services at 703-228-6008.
All of us know that bullying is hard to eradicate – as adults, we often see evidence of bullying almost every day, frequently in the news and among adults and children in the community. Let’s partner to eradicate bullying in APS schools. Many hands are needed and we all have a role.An organization is a legal entity where people function as partners. In a service, people typically work collectively to either make and sale items or solutions or to procure the products and/or solutions from other people. Others just purchase the goods as well as solutions from the company. Business proprietor is usually the single person who owns the firm. Within this organization are numerous different categories, such as collaboration, corporation, limited obligation business (LLC), collaboration, and proprietorship.
Business organization classifications are frequently made use of to describe any kind of type of company that has several partners, though it is always the single proprietorship that develops the legal entity. For example, a single proprietorship is a legal entity itself, though it is usually a partnership. A partnership can have extra companions as long as at the very least among the companions is a local of the very same state. For instance, a sole proprietorship can legitimately exist in various states. In fact, you will certainly require to register your organization with the suitable government in order to make the most of all the advantages associated with incorporating your service.
The single proprietorship is a legal entity where one person owns whatever and also becomes the sole proprietor. This is a good example of a business organization because it is thought about as one of the most basic form of business. The key advantage of this setup is that you do not deal with any kind of significant tax obligation concern unless the sole proprietorship is offered and the funds split amongst the remaining companions. You will additionally have limited obligation if any of the companions is bankrupt, as long as business is able to continue operating.
Corporations are another instance of a legal entity. A corporation can be called a different legal entity that is enabled to develop numerous derivative forms, such as partnership, corporation, and also limited responsibility company. In addition, a corporation might be strained as an individual for the earnings it gains from various activities, depending on which state business resides. Small businesses require to take into consideration a number of consider order to identify whether a corporation is right for them, including the revenue potential, costs related to business tax obligations, and threats associated with having such a large amount of residential or commercial property.
In order to understand how a company or enterprise could benefit, it is essential to check out the lawful framework within which they run. Most local business are gone through a partnership model, which needs a third party to assume duty for advertising and marketing, operations, and also investment. An earnings is made by the transfer of ownership and also a business is legally defined as having actually made a profit when all of the assets of business are moved to its proprietors. Business organizations are allowed to select their very own management framework, however they can not choose to incorporate themselves if they do not fulfill the requirements for a successful company setting.
If the earnings of a venture would experience if the companions encountered financial threat, after that it makes little sense to purchase that company. All businesses are profit-making; nevertheless, only some businesses are profit-making in the ways they were designed. A small company needs to determine what its profit possibility is and just how much threat it agrees to take previously proceeding with any kind of kind of unification. This way, the people constructing the business obtain a clear photo of what the objectives are, while potential capitalists can assess the value of the goods or services the business creates.
A company is generally an entity where individuals collaborate in a structured manner. In a regular organization, people work to either make and offer products or services to others. Others generally buy the goods and also services likewise. In a lot of nations, company owner employ workers to do the various tasks involved in business. The business proprietor, nevertheless, is typically the one who possesses the firm.
Service business are formed for different factors. A lot of times it occurs that business owners start their own enterprises as a way of making money to support their way of living. Nonetheless, lots of people also set up business organizations as a method of earning money in order to satisfy other purposes. The things of the venture may differ from individual goals to making sure that a particular firm meets its goals. In order to develop a reliable venture, a business owner needs to very carefully recognize the nature of his business objectives.
There are different techniques utilized in identifying the items of a business. Some business owners determine to adopt the technique of advertising and marketing or salesmanship so regarding increase the variety of clients. Others make use of financial resources in order to acquire resources, structures, as well as equipment in order to expand their venture. While these techniques may work, they are very costly, as well as normally do not cover all the costs involved in carrying out business activities.
Lots of organizations nowadays make use of the technique of sole proprietorship or company in order to decrease expenses and also boost profits. A sole owner is essentially the one who has the business organization, while the various other people that help the business are described as companions. Partners share equivalent shares of profits and losses with the single proprietor, although the partner has the choice to over-share in certain business tasks. On the other hand, there are numerous services that operate as sole owners, where the only way that employees can get to earnings is with incentives or stock choices.
On the other hand, there are likewise numerous partnerships that share equivalent shares of both profits and also losses. In this situation, the partners generally have the very same financial resources, that makes it less complicated for them to work together and also make decisions with each other. As an example, some partnerships use joint endeavors wherein both companies trade their current resources such as office, resources, as well as other service activities. These sorts of service partnerships are extremely beneficial, especially for small-scale business that can not pay for financial investment capital. Click here!
There are still various other means where partnerships can be developed in order to conduct organization without requiring the services of sole proprietors or firms. Some small businesses pick to include themselves in regional or state governments. The internal revenue service also provides tax benefits for those who incorporate themselves as collaborations. There are likewise some organizations that utilize darkness firms, or Restricted Responsibility Firm, to protect themselves from dangers related to personal financings. Nevertheless, these businesses still need to make an application for an internal revenue service count on act or LLC registration in order to protect their identity as well as continue to be under the province of the federal government.- Scottish Parliament Social Security Committee inquiryPublication date:October 2019
Citizens Advice Scotland (CAS) welcomes the opportunity to provide evidence to the inquiry. In 2018-19, Scotland’s CAB network provided advice on 311,714 issues related to benefits, representing 44% of all advice given in that year. To further inform our submission, CAS surveyed 65 CAB advisers, representing a wide range of geographical areas, to gain their insight into issues surrounding benefit uptake.Spotlight:
-.
- Scottish Affairs Committee inquiryPublication date:August 2019
CAS recognises that Universal Credit (UC) may be working well for some people. However, evidence from across the Scottish Citizens Advice network suggests that a significant number of people -who are often already vulnerable and/or marginalised- are experiencing hardship and detriment as a result of having to claim UC.Spotlight:
- Publication date:June 2019
Briefing prepared for all Scottish MPs ahead of a Westminster Hall debate on Universal Credit and debt.
-.
- Publication date:May 2019
Our series of briefings, 'Voices from the Frontline', demonstrates the impact of changes to the UK social security system on people in Scotland. This latest briefing considers the barriers to maintaining Universal Credit claims online.
- Publication date date:December 2018
Citizens Advice Scotland (CAS) supports the introduction of the Young Carer Grant, which is the first entirely new benefit to be created under powers devolved in the Scotland Act 2016. Young carers in full-time education currently are ineligible for support from Carer’s Allowance, but as is recognised from evidence in the consultation document, they face a range of issues as a result of their caring role at a critical time of transition in their lives:
-.
Brexit: We've produced advice on what Brexit means for people living in Scotland. We'll keep updating our advice as more Brexit changes are announced.Welcome to Winter Garden Nursery
Proud Member of the Texas Nursery and Landscape Association
Winter Garden Nursery is a full service wholesale grower serving the landscape and nursery industry with potted specimen quality cold hearty foliage including Texas Mountain Laurel, Mediterranean Fan Palm, Agave and Texas Live Oak.Manchester United v Arsenal
Old Trafford
Premier League
Thursday, December 2, 2021
Kick Off: 20:15
Live on Amazon Prime Video
We have received an allocation of 3170 tickets for this fixture.
This fixture sold out to Platinum, Gold and Travel Club members with 10+ away points.
Important Information when visiting Old Trafford
Please click here to view important information about coming back to Old Trafford.
Manchester United’s Stadium Safety Team have asked us to advise that there is a Public Spaces Protection Order in place in the Borough of Trafford that prevents members of the public from consuming alcohol, on the roads and within other public spaces, in the vicinity of the Old Trafford football stadium.
Following several highly publicised incidents in football over the last few seasons, the throwing of missiles and attempted / actual pitch encroachment will not be tolerated..One >>
Oregon >>
Portland Public Schools
Portland Public Schools, founded in 1851, is an urban school district in Portland, Oregon. With more than 48,500 students in 78 schools, it is the largest school district in the Pacific Northwest.
PPS students participate in diverse programs and learning opportunities that are supported by teachers,... View full funder profile >>
Protect... View full funder profile >>Highlights
Low level ultrasound waves are used to revitalise figures when used in conjunction with a healthy lifestyle
About This Deal
Choose Between Two Options
- €69 for one session of sonic cavitation
- €199 for three sessions of sonic cavitation Sapphire Wellness and Beauty
Sapphire Wellness and Beauty provide an extensive range of holistic and beauty treatments for the people of Newborough, Cork. Options include different massages, brow and lash tinting, nail work and facials.Alachua County Sheriff's Deputies Rehabilitate Two Starved Horses
ALACHUA COUNTY - Just five months ago they were starving...and now they are ready for a new home.
Alachua County Sheriff's deputies siezed two horses during a death investigation.
The up-keep of the horses cost $1,400 and deputies will get back some of these costs at auction.
The Sheriff tells us that people often take on the responsibilty of animals they can't manage, and that's how many of the animals they sieze end up with the Rural Services Unit.
Sheriff Sadie Darnell: "People move here thinking overnight you can become a farmer or a rancher and you don't have to know much about caring for animals but as you can see from the picture how neglected they were and that took a period of time for them to diminish in such a way and then it takes several months to get them back at a level where they are healthy."
The auction will be this Saturday at 9 a.m. at the Rural Services Animal Impound lot on 18903 NW 67th Boulevard LaCrosse, FL.
There is no minimum bid, and the horses will go to the highest bidder.
Related Stories
- Alachua County Sheriff's Deputies Create Workout for Fallen Officers
- Levy County Deputies Make Second Meth Bust in Two Days
- Alachua County Sheriff Defends Deputies
- Hillsborough Sheriff Donates Rehabilitated Horses To A Youth Ranch
- Therapy horse pinned honorary deputy
- Alachua County Sheriff Sadie Darnell: Full Interview
- Deputies Will Sport New Body Cameras in Marion County
- Ocala Man Shot Twice by Sheriff's Deputy in Stable Condition
- RTS Bus And Sheriff's Deputy Car Involved In Crash
- Two Women In Clay County Are Shot At In Their Car, One DiesRoyal Ace Casino Free Spin Bonus Codes
×. Royal Ace Casino will immediately assign 35. $25 Free Code: SPINNER25. This is a free offer available to new and current members royal ace casino free spin bonus codes alike. Offers you the most reliable and secure gaming environment combined with the most technologically advance software available today.Featured games include Golden Lotus, Wok n Roll, Triton's Treasure, Hockey Hero, Lucky Last, Black Jack and much metro pizza ellis island casino las vegas much more 6 exclusive $120 No deposit bonus codes from. Receive 100% Forex bonus to the credit of your account.. With almost 10 years of experience in the industry Free Spin Casino focuses on very popular Realtime. Bonus Code VAULT250. Check and Work from Home Opportunity.
Code: PVDYT. royal ace casino free spin bonus codes Bonus valid until: 2021-04-30. Search Faster, Better & Smarter!. Find Games In The Casino. Valid for: RTG Stardust Slot. Code: hard rock casino punta cana open to public PVDYT 100 Free Spins for all players Wager: 30xB Maximum Withdrawal: $100. $25 Free Code: SPINNER25.
Search Now!. $30 Free Chip at Royal Ace Casino. No multiple casino accounts or free casino bonuses in a row are allowed Royal Ace Casino is the world's number one Online Casino. Coupon will also redeem at Planet7 casino | Captain Jack casino | Royal Ace casino Royal Ace Casino Free Bonus Codes. Once eligible, input the promo code 35SPINS. This bonus is valid for: Football Fortunes Slot All Royal Ace Casino (royalacecasino.com) Free Spins & royal ace royal ace casino free bonus codes casino free bonus codes No Deposit royal ace casino free spin bonus codes Bonus Codes 2021 CasinosAnalyzer.com Only AI Verified Casinos Full Casino Information For PRO Gamblers Checked Casino Bonuses With No Scam We Found the Best Offers - Just Get It!
Free Spin Casino - all about Free spins and online slot machines NABBLECASINO Show Code. More bonuses for Royal Ace. No multiple accounts or free bonuses in a row are allowed. Enjoy up to 400% off with our current awesome Promos online today We continuously try to test, play and use our exclusive no deposit bonus codes and or its own no deposit bonus codes, free royal ace casino free spin bonus codes spins royal ace casino free bonus codes codes clerical casino pwp in zagożdżon-pionki 1928 1930 and any other match bonus offer. Terms: 30x playthrough on slots and keno | 60x for all other games | $100 min/max cashout | no consecutive free bonuses allowed - make a deposit in between two free chip coupons. Learn The Signs To Look For And How To Get Them Help Today.. 50 Free Spins at Silver Oak Casino. Casino T&C apply.A Florida woman was airlifted to a Brevard County hospital in critical condition Friday after she was run over by her own car while trying to fend off a house cat that was attacking her, the Florida Highway Patrol said.
No one witnessed the crash, but neighbors found the woman on the ground injured and called 911, said Lt. Channing Taylor, of the FHP.
According to neighbors and the woman, she had gotten in her vehicle and was about to back up when one of the neighborhood cats jumped in the car and “either bit her or scratched her, one of the two,” Taylor said. “She became distracted and fell out of the vehicle and was actually struck by her own vehicle.”
The victim was not identified.
In Other News
About the AuthorJuvenile Nonfiction / Social Topics / Prejudice & Racism
<< Back
- Pregnancy
- Runaways
- Self-mutilation
- Strangers
- Suicide
- Adolescence
- Bullying
- Dating & Relationships
- Death, Grief, Bereavement
- Depression & Mental Illness
- Drugs, Alcohol, Substance Abuse
- Emigration & Immigration
- Emotions & Feelings
- Friendship
- Homelessness & Poverty
- Manners & Etiquette
- New Experience
- Peer Pressure
- Physical & Emotional Abuse
- Prejudice & Racism
- Self-Esteem & Self-Reliance
- Sexual Abuse
-,Citrix says Hypervisors affect VDI performance
Citrix described virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI) performance differences using various hypervisors. Citrix has done some testing with different Hypervisors to see which hypervisor used makes a difference with desktop virtualization. These tests were conducted internally, by Citrix virtualization team. Only Citrix XenDesktop 4, desktop virtualization solution was used for the tests. VMware’s View desktop virtualization […]CLOSE LIKE A MILLION DOLLAR AGENT!
Over 965+ agents have already joined.
What are you waiting for?
RSVP FOR OUR NEXT REAL ESATE TRAINING
WHAT IS MOST IMPORTANT FOR YOU?
100% COMMISSION
At London Foster, we make it simple. Everything is included.
There are No Monthly Fees, No Desk Fees, and No Commission Splits. You will never pay a Franchise Fee.
Errors and Omission Insurance are included in your transaction fees.
At London Foster, you start making 100% Commission from Day 1. There are no minimum sales and no caps.
Your earnings belong to you.
This is just one of the many ways we EMPOWER and SUPPORT our team of real estate associates.
The days of having to share your hard-earned commission are long gone.
MULTIPLE LOCATIONS
We offer fully dedicated offices strategically located throughout South Florida.
Bring your clients to any of our offices for listing presentations, meetings, and closings.
We are presently located in Florida & New York State with plans to grow into Georgia, New Jersey & Pennsylvania.
Dade County:
• Miami Beach, on Lincoln Road
• Downtown Dadeland, in Kendall
• Hialeah, by Westland Mall
Broward County:
• Weston, in The Executive Park
• Aventura, Florida
Palm Beach County:
• West Palm Beach, at Rosemary Square
BROKER SUPPORT
London Foster’s Principal & Broker, Bobby Mahallati has been in the Real Estate businesses for over 20 Years.
He provides his Empowered Agents outstanding broker support. He is always available to help.
You can reach your broker by phone, email, text or chat. He also counts with a full-time staff, including two assistants to help expedite your requests.
London Foster also has a full-time Marketing Director and Marketing Assistant for all your marketing needs.
At London Foster we hold professional trainings weekly, with subject matters varying from: Salesmanship, Marketing, Finance, Contracts, Market Updates, Social Media, Photography, Inspections, Applications, Software, Technology... and so much more.
We also count on a vast library of marketing trainings to help you grow your business.
Perfect for NEW AGENTS!
At London Foster, will never be left in the dark!
MARKETING SUPPORT
London Foster is a very unique Real Estate Firm.
We offer all our agents 100% Commission and Professional Marketing Support.
Free Professional Headshot
Free Business Card Design
Professional IDX Website
Online Agent Profile with Strong SEO’s
Branded URL Available
Branded Email Available
Free Marketing Suite: Complete with Presentations, Post Cards, Flyers, Banners Signage and Much More
Training Video Library of All Social Media: Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter and Much More
Free Social Media Content
Full-time Marketing Director on Staff
Full-time Marketing Assistant on Staff
Online Chat Support
ESCROW
London Foster has its very own ESCROW ACCOUNT.
We make it very easy for our Empowered Agents to benefit from keeping the funds in house, for your sales, rentals, short-term rentals and security deposits.
Get an escrow letter in less than 10 minutes. Join us and get your very own ESCROW DEPOSIT CARD, to help facilitate making Escrow Deposits!
Easy to track with same day disbursement! Security Guaranteed!
ONLINE TECHNOLOGY
London Foster offers all our Empowered Agents an “Online & Mobile Phone Friendly“, web based platform that facilitates daily tasks!
Complete Contracts Online
E-signature Training
Submit New Deals
Deposit Escrow
Request Escrow Letter
Request Commission
Get Paid Online
Marketing Suite Tools
Training Video Library
Event Calendar
Chat Live with Your Broker
Chat Live with Your Colleague
STILL HAVE QUESTIONS?
READY TO JOIN?
WHY LONDON FOSTER?
OUR STORY
Bobby Mahallati our founder and broker has been in the real estate business for over 20 Years. He has an extensive background in Real Estate investment and finance. Having invested in over 800 properties in Florida, New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania.
OUR VISION
London Foster is a technology-based real estate brokerage firm. Our vision to supply our associates everything they need to provide their clients with the best real estate experience. At London Foster, we EMPOWER AGENTS, with:
100% Commission
Multiple Location
Broker Support
Easy Escrow
Online Technology
On-site Education
Add-on Mentor program
Marketing Support
Free Professional Headshot
Free Custom Designed Business Cards
Free Social Media Suite Set-Up Training
Professional IDX Website
Special Pricing Offer for Professional Agents
$100 Agent Referral Program
OUR TECHNOLOGY
London Foster is a technology based real estate firm. Our technology is a revolutionary cloud-based platform which empowers our associates
to always be engaged.
London Foster provides everything our associates need to conduct their business at our office, remotely or mobile.
No matter where you are you will always be connected to our network with exclusive access, just like if you were at the office.
At London Foster, we EMPOWER AGENTS, with:
Online Office Manager
Online Training
Broker Support
Document Administration
Vendor Referral Database
A Complete Online Marketing Suite
KEEP IT SIMPLE AND FOCUS ON BUSINESS
YOU READY?
We charge a flat fee per transaction - 100% commission
No monthly fees
No franchise fees
No agent commission split
Quick phone, email, text & online chat - Broker support
Feel free to access all our multiple locations
Free access to an easy escrow account
Free professional headshot, custom design business cards & social media suite set
Professional IDX website and a special offer of CRM
Refer an agent program pays $100
Online technology
On-site education
Add-on Mentor program
Weekly training at one of our locations
Get paid at closing
We pay you immediately via E-Check
WE ENGAGE AND TRAIN OUR AGENTS EVERY WEEK
BROKER SUPPORT
MARKETING
COLD CALLING SCRIPTS
SOCIAL MEDIA SET UP/TARGETING
CRM TRAINING
AVENTURA
20200 W Dixie HWY
Suite G19
Aventura, FL 33180
WEST PALM BEACH
700 S. Rosemary Suite 204-117 West Palm Beach, FL 33401
Venture X
MIAMI BEACH
407 Lincoln Rd, Ste 10G,
Miami Beach, FL33139
KENDALL
9001 SW 73th Court,
Miami, FL 33156
HIALEAH
4951 West 6th Ave, Hialeah, FL 33012
WESTON
2645 Executive Park Dr Ste 125,
Weston, FL 33331
Lehigh Acres
25 Homestead Rd N Suite 15
Lehigh Acres, FL 33936
How Much Money are you Losing by Not Switching to London Foster's 100% Commission?
Real Reviews
Direct connection with one of the largest
EB-5 Regional Centers
for Greencard in 6 months.
Bobby Mahallati
Real Estate Broker
1-844-LONDON-Foster
(1-844-566-3663)
Bobby@LondonFoster.com
Direct relationship with
Hedge / Private
Placement Funds
for your deals!
We offer fully dedicated offices strategically located throughout South Florida. Bring your clients into any of our office in Miami Beach, South Miami - Dadeland, Weston, Aventura or Weston Palm Beach for listing presentations, meetings, and closings.
Miami Beach
Kendall
Weston
West Palm Beach
Hialeah
Aventura
FOCUS ON BUSINESS
- Free Professional Headshot
- Free Custom Design of Business Cards
- Free Social Media Suite Set Up
- Professional IDX Website
- Special Offer of CRM for Professional Agents
- Refer an Agent Program Pays $100
SOME ANSWERS YOU MAYBE LOOKING FOR
I know I must have an active Real Estate Sales Associate license to place my license with a broker, but do I need to be a member of an association in order to be a part of London Foster?
How long has London Foster been in business?
London Foster has been in business from 2013.
What exactly is “100% Commission” and how do you make money?
At London Foster, we want you to keep all your hard-earned money. We do not charge a monthly or a desk fee. We do not charge our EMPOWERED agents a franchise fee. We don’t work from the traditional commission splits of 60/40 or 80/20, as do other firms. We charge a flat fee to all our EMPOWERED agents; it doesn’t vary regardless of the amount of the transaction. Whether you sell a $200,000 condo or help your buyer with the purchase of a $2,000,000 home we charge the same flat fee. How much of that fee comes from your commission depends on you. As we grow, so does your potential. Volume is how we remain profitable!
I’ve been working for a traditional Real Estate firm my whole career. Last year I closed 7 deals representing either the seller or the buyer. How much money am I realistically going to save by joining London Foster?
This is a great question. It is one of the most frequent questions, Realtors ask! The sky's the limit with London Foster. We want you to strive, grow, and keep as much of your commission as possible. We have developed an easy tool for you to calculate how much money you could have saved last year, if you had joined London Foster sooner! Click on the Commission Calculator link below to calculate the difference between London Foster and your present firm.
Can I place my license with London Foster as a Broker?
Yes, of course.
We have many Brokers that have come to London Foster to enjoy the benefits of a full-service Real Estate Firm with exceptional marketing and education, not to mention 100% Commission.
All you need to do is change your license from Broker to a Broker Associate status, when joining London Foster on.
Does London Foster allow agents to form teams within the firm?
We love teams! At London Foster, we want you to be an Empowered Agent! We like to think of each of our Realtors as fully functioning independent businesses. We want you to strategize and run your business the best way you see fit. Being a member of a team is a great way for empowered agents to pool their resources and strengths to strive in our industry.
How many offices do you presently have? Can I access any of them or am I assigned to one office?
London Foster is constantly growing. Our South Florida offices are in Downtown Dadeland, Hialeah, Miami Beach, Weston, Aventura and West Palm Beach. As a member of our team and as a London Foster Empowered Agent you can access any of our offices at any time. We have an open-door policy for all London Foster Empowered Agents. London Foster recently opened our offices in New York. We have plans to expand into New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut and Georgia, in the coming year.
How many agents does London Foster have?
Why should I pick you as my broker?
100% COMMISSION
How often do you provide training to agents?
Reaching my broker is essential to me. How do I best reach you?
At London Foster, your Broker is here for you. As the broker, Bobby Mahallati is eager to help you learn and grow. He is available for you 24/7. London Foster has implemented some great ways to help keep you in constant communication with your broker.
Instead of “Monday Morning Meetings”, at London Foster, we gather electronically on a private Chat Group dedicated exclusively to Real Estate.
You can call your broker at 305-514-0100. On this line one of his assistants delegates any concerns or questions to the right party.
You can always email him on bobby@londonfoster.com or text him via WhatsApp. He will call you immediately to assist.
What exactly do you provide regarding marketing support?
You state that London Foster provides an IDX Website. What is the cost of a basic website?
Marketing yourself on the web should be simple. London Foster gives you everything you need to promote your brand, manage relationships, and grow your real estate business online.
Does London Foster have an Escrow Account? Why does having an escrow account benefit me as one of your Realtors?
Absolutely. Our London Foster Escrow Account is a great benefit to our Empowered Agents and their clients. We strongly recommend using our Escrow Account to help you with your earnest money or first deposit to facilitate the process for your client’s Rental or Sale. Imagine having the first month’s rent or an initial deposit in escrow and being able to provide an Escrow Letter with your Contract to Lease (CTL) or an Escrow Letter in 10 Minutes. We also can pay you from those funds and transfer the remaining funds to the title company before the closing.
Tell me about EZ Escrow with London Foster
I have read all about your back office technology and I know you have an online presence exclusive to me as one of your Realtors. What exactly is it and how does it help me?
I have several colleagues that will follow me when I join London Foster. Are there any recruiting incentives at London Foster?
At London Foster, we love hiring from within. We encourage our agents to tell their colleagues how happy they are, and they do. We also provide an incentive for our Empowered Agents to bring us new team members. For every agent you register who joins we reduce your next sales transaction by $100.
My present broker is very slow to pay. I am constantly having to follow up with her to get paid. How does London Foster help expedite my payment?
At London Foster, we pride ourselves in getting our agents paid quickly. You can be paid by electronic check, ACH, electronic payment, or a standard check. We can also send payment by wire for a nominal fee of $35. You can also request a CDA - Commission Disbursement Authorization - and be paid at the closing table.
Ok. I’m ready to move my license to London Foster, how long will the transition take?
The moment you finish signing the Independent Contractor Agreement, you are a London Foster agent and you can practice Real Estate under London Foster. We help make a smooth transition. Once you sign up online, we can have you up and running in less than 24 hours. Just sign up online, we will make the transition immediately. We set you up with the Association, the Department of State, and the National Association. Within minutes, you will receive a confirmation email and you can start your branding and digital marketing right away. The association takes around 24 hours to have you updated on the MLS and Form Simplicity. In the interim, we have all the most common contracts available to you in our online back office.
Which Realtor association is London Foster part of?
Beach & St. Lucie includes the following counties: Broward County, Palm Beach County (with the exception of Palm Beach Island), Saint Lucie County.
Can I edit, add, and input my own MLS listings?
How long does it take to get paid?
At London Foster, we pay you immediately. We utilize electronic checks to pay associate commission. In addition to this, you can utilize our revolutionary cloud-based platform to request a commission disbursement letter and get paid at your closing by the title company.King of Arcades 3D Wifi Retro Games Console
- The King is here! This is the latest and greatest 2020 arcade retro console featuring a number of upgrades including faster CPU and processor, high quality joysticks and cool LED lights, 4,018 in 1 built in games. Now with WIFI enabled and all at the best price!
King of Arcades 3D Wifi Retro Games ConsoleThe King is here! This is the latest and greatest 2020 arcade retro console featuring a number of upgrades including faster CPU and processor, high quality joysticks and cool LED lights, 4,018 in 1 built in games. Now with WIFI enabled and all at the best price! Buy Now
We are Games Arcadia
Keeping the Arcade's Alive!
Most of the arcade parlours have either closed down or changed for the worse. The arcade machines you remember and love are no more. Our aim has always been to keep that arcade spirit alive by offering products for the nostalgic arcade gamer. From our pandora box arcade consoles to our custom built arcade machines we want to bring that experience to the home while making them affordable so everyone is able to enjoy.
Featured Products
Marvel Heroes Bar Stool
If you have an arcade machine, a bar or mancave then it's not complete unless you have one of these Arcade Gaming Stools. Sit down on your favourite gaming characters in style. This uniquely designed and handmade bar stool is built on quality using sturdy rolled steel and chrome plated legs.
Each stool features a 360 degree swivel function and comfortable pvc and sponge seating.
X-Pro Game Console - 800 in 1
1. CPU: 1.3GHZ, RAM: 128M DDR3
2. Memory: 4GB
3. Pre-Installed 800 classic games
4. Support 4K HDMI; support 1280*720 p 60HZ ; Game speed FPS 1:1 output (perfect and fluent)
5. Support TF expansion, Maximum to 32 GB
6. Language: Multi-language
7. Color: Black
8. Accessories: giftbox, AV cable ,HDMI cable, user manual, USB Joystick 2PCS
Retro Arcade Micro Bartop - 360 in 1
1. 3.0 inch screen, 320*240 resolution. 256M memory.
2. Support 8 bit FC game, built-in 360 plus games ( classic game list)
3. Support TV connection
4. Exteral 600mAh li-battery, lasting for 6 hours to play games.
5. Color: black translucent/white youth version
6. Language: chinese/english
7. Accessories: 2pcs wired joystick/AV cable/gift box/rechargeable li-battery/user manual
The Ultimate Arcade Games Experience
A powerful Quad core A7 chipset and arcade gaming machine built into the joystick allowing you to play 3,000 classic arcade games. The console easily connects to your TV, Desktop Computer or Projector and your ready to play in minutes.
Game Menu Selection Screen (play with sound on)
Testimonials
Peter K.Peter K.
Amazing service and even better quality machines. They kept me updated all through out the arcade build. Cannot be anymore impressed with Games Arcadia
Amanda R.Amanda R.
Super helpful and gave me honest advise on what upgrades to include as this was a birthday gift. It arrived on time and my father was extremely happy and blown away by it. The whole experience was professional, super easy and they provided regular communication. Highly recommended!!
Fredrick H.Fredrick H.
An investment that was worth it. I loved the Sanwa joysticks, it had all the games I would ever need. The machine looks spectacular in my games room. Will definitely be recommending them.ID photo software for camera control, automatic face find and crop, resizing, enhancement. Canon (Powershot and SLR) and web camera control software.
Microsoft Software Informer. Featured Microsoft free downloads and reviews. Latest updates on everything Microsoft...
Jolly offers software solutions for visitor management, photo id card, student ID and tracking, event management and more.
Datacard offers card printers and card issuance solutions for a variety of ID cards and financial cards. Applications include government ID card issuance, personalized id card printing, school ID badge issuance, credit card issuance and more.
This entry-level kit is the perfect choice for small businesses requiring basic badging functions. PremiSys ID includes four default screen templates and databases. This powerful customized option is available with the choice of card and print technology. Choose from durable and secure OmniLife™ ...
A UK Based Computer News and Reviews website with an active community and plenty of...
ID Badge Software at BEST prices & FREE Shipping. ID Software can create simple or complex id badges, photo IDs, membership & loyalty cards. Easy to use ID software from Jolly, AssureID, Cardfive, Datacard, EPI Suite, Evolis, Akond or Card Exchange.
ID CardWorld is the industry leader in ID Card Printers, Ribbons, PVC Cards and access Cards. We also supply a range of Signature Pads, Clips and other ID Accessories.
Easy Card Creator Systems design and print ID Cards and id badges, Envelopes and Labels, Employee Tags and Student Cards, Name Tags and much more. Use the Easy Card Creator Software to ensure your ID Cards are as easy to design and print as possible.
Try or buy Office 2010, view product information, get help and training, explore templates, images, and downloads.
ID card printers - Do you need information or recommendations? Get it here in a quick and easy to understand format.
ID card System only $1,339: id card printers, id card software, competitive pricing. Dactek will create and manage a customized id card system for your business.
Home. Navigation. School Days Left. IDAttend Pty Ltd produces the IDAttend Student Attendance System for the Australian market and also budget ID Card Production Software for the worldwide market.. IDAttend Student Attendance is the most widely used third party attendance system in Queensland sta...
I'm glad to see you here
Enter e-mail and password to continue.
Enter your e-mail address below and we will send you instructions how to recover a password.
Please register to get more opportunities!Editor’s Note: This is the second of a two part series on our coverage of the Big 3 East Fall , a convocation of journalists and industry reps who gathered in DeLand, Florida in early October.
Definitive Arms unveils a 6.5 Grendel Prototype
To say Chase Sisgold, founder of Definitive Arms, is a rising star in the AK space is an understatement. Chase produces very highly regarded AKs and brought his newest model, the DAKM, to Big 3 East. It’s his version of a bare-bones AK which a conventional fixed stock that sells for about $1000. But don’t let the bare bones thing dissuade you. The particular DAKM he brought to the event was a spitting image of a battlefield rifle, right down to the nicked buttstock and worn out looking finish on the receiver. I suspect, given the gunsmith, this AK would be a better rifle than what you’d find abandoned in some poppy field in Afghanistan. The trigger was superb and if your shopping for an AK in the $1000 range the smart money says consider a DA.
The real ace that Sisgold had up his sleeve for Big 3 East was a prototype custom VEPR chambered in 6.5 Grendel. VEPRs in 6.5 Grendel have just started coming into this country from the Molot factory in Russia and the cognoscenti have been waiting to get their hands on one. This a round is made to order for long distance shooting and Sisgold’s prototype was put through the paces by a number writers including Tim Harmsen of Military Arms Channel who seemed ecstatic at the opportunity to shoot this gun.
Definitive Arms put their own imprimatur on this gun which included an AR-style magwell and a collapsible stock (and handguard) from Magpul. Sisgold also replaced the stock VEPR trigger with a tweaked Tapco G2. Other touches included a Magpul pistol grip and Zhukov handguard. The crew that had a chance to shoot the gun (alas I left too soon!) was consistently hitting targets at 500 yards.
What about ammo? Fortunately our friends at Wolf Performance Arms are selling Russian-made, steel-cased 6.5 Grendel in this country so there shouldn’t be a problem in this department. The rifle had a new Hi-Lux CMR 1-4x scope (which also was just introduced at Big 3 East) mounted on an RSR Regulate system.
It’s not certain the DA version of this rifle will be available to the public in any numbers but stayed tuned. It may happen and we’ll be the first to let you know.
Krebs Custom introduces a modular muzzle device
Back in the not too distant past when the AK was still considered the “enemy’s gun”, Marc Krebs bucked conventional wisdom and began improving where Mikhail Kalashnikov left off. Year after year he’s come up with innumerable ways to make the staple of the Eastern Bloc into a more modern, refined rifle. Given my personal interest in the AK, I was curious to see what Kreb’s was up to this year.
Marc was not able to make it to the Big 3 East Fall but in his stead came his #2, Brian Conrad. Brian showed off the company’s AC-15 and their Krinkov-style “Assneck” SBR with an 9.25″ barrel.
The AC-15 also has its barrel shortened (by about 2″) and is made “legal” by welding on a muzzle device to the length is 16″. It was lighter than the average AK, ergonomically correct and a downright hoot to shoot. It comes with an AR-style front and rear sight system mounted on a long rail designed by Krebs. I find the AR sights on the rifle easier to aim and point than the standard AK.
The “ASSNECK” was also fun to shoot and, at distances under 200 yards, equally lethal. This variant includes the SpeedLoad system which entails a mag well flange which helps guide the operator’s magazine into the magwell.
Additionally, it has a magazine ejection spring and extended magazine release. This offers the user with the ability for a one-handed magazine ejection, while simultaneously speeding up the insertion of a full magazine.
Kreb’s newest product is a modular muzzle device (see above photo) that incorporates his four pronged flash hider with a “screw-on” muzzle brake. Everybody likes options and if you need more than a flash hider or are concerned about the prongs getting snagged you simply screw on a brake without the hassle of taking off the old muzzle device.
This variant also includes the SpeedLoad system. This system includes a mag well flange which helps guide the operator’s magazine into the magwell. Additionally, it includes a magazine ejection spring and extended magazine release. This provides the user with the ability for a one-handed magazine ejection, while simultaneously speeding up the insertion of a full magazine.
Tennessee Arms founder, Dave Roberts, a former Marine and Blackwater operator, knows something about lugging a rifle around in the hot sun. The Harvard-educated entrepreneur, a native of Dyersberg, Tennessee, told me that his home town happens to be in the midst of a region that has fabricated polymer automobile parts for many years. When he wanted to build an AR polymer lower, he knew exactly where to find the IP to accomplish this. The rest is history.
Roberts has been building well regarded polymer lowers for the AR15 since 2012 and has taken his product line one step further by bringing the first AR 10 (.308 platform) DPMS style lower to Big 3 East. Despite the bad rap that some polymer lowers have received in the marketplace, Roberts says he’s manufactured about 10,000 AR 15 lowers products that are nearly always defect free.
He claims his new “AR-308” lower is robust enough to handle the stresses of a .308 round and then some. He’s reinforced it with ribs and integrated a marine brass fitting for the buffer tube. He said it’s been tested with a number of heavy duty uppers (including a 50 cal Beauwolf and BMG) with no problems. “You can run it over with truck or even put it in a vice and so that the walls of the magwell almost touch and it will snap back”, says Roberts.
He says the difference between his products and his competition is the quality of polymer. Instead of using what he refers to as “toy grade” plastic, his company uses the same polymer that auto companies use to fabricate suspension bushings and the like that can handle extremes in stress, exposure to weather, oil, etc. Material failure, he says, is not an issue with the lowers he builds. According to Roberts they are “over-engineered”.
His main “problem” seems to be the crappy reputation of his competitors in the polymer lower space which reflect badly on his company. He finds himself have to allay the fears of consumers about polymer AR lowers.
He is unequivocal about the quality of his products which he backs this up with a lifetime guarantee.
Of course the obvious advantage of polymer is its incredibly light weight–.33 lbs., Robert’s says it’s 50-60% lighter than an alloy receiver. I did shoot the AR 308—however it was off the bench. I didn’t shoot it offhand because the model available was fitted with a bipod and an enormous scope. I can only imagine what it would be like to shoot a stripped down (6 or 7 lb 308) with iron sights.
Roberts said he built this for the working man but I suspect he’ll have more well-heeled customers when they discover how light it is.
The lower’s aesthetics were pleasing. It didn’t look “plastic” and in fact without looking closely it’s hard to discern that it’s a polymer receiver. It’s available in any number of colors including black, flat dark earth, rifle green (Magpul OD), stealth grey (Magpul grey), ping and OD Green. Thus, you can match it with an upper if you are so inclined. (Roberts says he will be offering a complete rifle in the future that will have an upper manufactured by Head Down Firearms).
Last but not least the price is right. He offers both stripped and 80% lowers (with a jig) for $85–considerably less than the $200 or so that it would take to purchase an aluminum alloy version. One of my future projects is to build a Tennessee Arms AR 308 from an 80% lower and report back to my readers.
Stay tuned!
Turkish Guns ‘n Ammo from Zenith
Every time I go to SHOT, the annual firearms industry show in Vegas, I encounter Turkish products in lavish booths. From what I’ve experienced–at the show and on the range–Turkish arms are well finished, high quality, and reasonably priced. This should come as no surprise. Turks know something about making weapons. They needed an arms industry to run a little endeavor called the Ottoman Empire that stretched from Europe to the Middle East and lasted about 465 years.
Today Turkey still has a well-regarded arms sector. As members of NATO, they field the largest standing army on the continent and produce a plethora of small arms and munitions to keep their soldiers in guns and ammo.
They also export a lot of arms. It’s just that you just don’t hear about them too much them in this country.
There’s a reason for this. In my opinion they don’t do the best job of marketing their products in this country. I’m not quite sure why, I can only speculate that there’s a cultural divide and lack of knowledge about the US market.
This may change.
Enter Zenith Firearms, a US company, founded by a Turkish-Americans Kutlay Kaya and his wife and partner, Hanri Kaya. Their firm imports Turkish-made striker fired semi-auto handguns, HK-style roller-lock pistols and rifles, long guns and, some very cool 1911s. They are also in the ammunition importing business.
Zenith’s team, led by Mike Farruggio and his lieutenants —Joel Snivley and Chase Welch are experienced industry pros and veterans. All did an excellent job of communicating the strength of their products at Big 3 East.
As alluded to earlier, in addition to its firearms, the Kaya’s have a separate company called ZQI which imports ammunition into the US. I’m not talking milslurp stuff from Russia or Ukraine that will corrode your barrel. ZQI’s products come from a factory that produces ammo for Turkish Army which means it’s certified to NATO spec.
Farruggio said that ZQI ammo was formerly available at Walmart but this is no longer the case. The company currently distributes through their own supply chain.
The upshot is that you can manufacture ammo a lot less expensively in Turkey than this country so essentially you’re getting Mil-spec ammo (7.62×51 and 9mm) at very good prices. Their IMI 9 x 19 mm Luger, Ex-Star (JHP), 115 gr goes for about 30 cents a round for a 1000 round case and the least expensive .308 is the MKE 7.62 x 51 mm M80 (Guardian) which goes for .45 cents per round for a 640 count box. A cursory comparison on the Internet illustrates that these prices are very competitive.
I had an opportunity to shoot almost all of Zenith’s firearms at the event and they worked flawlessly. Price for the lowest end 1911 starts at $475 and the polymer “Girsan” 9 mm is $399. All the guns I saw were nicely finished and as aesthetically pleasing as any handgun made in this country.
One comment about their roller block HK variants. They are not cheap clones or knock-offs. They are manufactured in Turkey in collaboration with HK and are of very high quality. Prices for this series begins at $1600.
In conclusion, this company is bringing in inexpensive, well made firearms and ammunition. The company just needs to get their name out there and I suspect Farruggio’s team will be successful at marketing their products in the American bazaar.
(I should note that Century Arms, which also showed up at Big 3 East for a day, displayed its own Turkish semi-autos, including a semi-auto 9 mm model with an integrated red dot optic).
************************
Robert F. Kay is the author of How to Buy an AK-47 which is available on Amazon.
Photos by Rob Kay
Questions? Comments? Contact us at ontargethawaii@gmail.com
Read more of Rob’s articles on OnTargetHawaii.com$14.99
With beautiful music and the natural symphony, welcome to the Grand Circle. Come along on a 3-dimensional musical journey that explores the great national parks of this incredible region. In Zion, hike below the towering walls of Navajo sandstone bathed in moonlight...Marvel at the mystical hoodoos of Bryce Canyon...Explore the ancient ruins of Mesa Verde...Watch as the sun sets over Delicate Arch in Arches. The recording artists have spent hundreds of hours recording the wild to capture the true spirit of these native lands.
9 different tracks lasting 45 minutesProfessional Services
Company Overview of Prima Worldwide, Inc.
Executive Profile
Background
Anja M. Jeffries serves as Consultant of Prima Worldwide, Inc. Ms. Jeffries is the owner and consultant of AvantStrategy, a strategic and operational business consulting firm. In the last fifteen years she has amassed extensive experience in the edical/pharmaceutical industry, healthcare, information technology, and business consulting. Ms. Jeffries serves as Member of the Advisory Board in Europe of Prima Worldwide, Inc. Specializing in business and organizational development, ...
>.Frank5 Posted September 17, 2016 Share Posted September 17, 2016 Hi there, I am now on my third short documentary. My films usually combine conservatively shot interviews with handheld b-roll of everyday subjects, such as light reflecting in a cup of coffee etc. I am an audio pro by training, so my sound is always superb. I am shooting everything with the EOS M1 and M2 and the Sigma 28-70mm f/2.8 EX DG Lens on Cinestyle, loving the portability and unobtrusiveness. I have a professional lighting person for the interviews and grader for all footage. Feedback so far for the overall quality of the work has been nothing but excellent and nobody assumed the films were shot on consumer cameras for $300 each. A TV channel has offered to broadcast my latest work for which I am in preproduction. Their tech specs require footage to be recorded with at least 100Mbit/s on a "professional video camera" and require a special permission to use DSLR footage. The EOS M1 and M2 that I used up to now will not fulfill this requirement. I dread the thought of giving up the experience and form factor of the M, so my question: Has anyone here shot a documentary with the EOS M that was broadcast or is the attempt to do this plain silly? Many thanks.disorder
men have searched long and hard
for the origins of thought—
pushing deep into the moonless night
with sharpened fingernails
and elusive wrinkles
that evaporate into sightless deserts
of decaying knuckle.
bend in
bend out
and witness disappearance
in its most elegant form.
you exist
just as the unknown does.
leaning out on the edge
The spiraling roar of a miracle
tears through curtains of porcelain doubt
like a golden comet
shot through tattered lace.
The whirling spasm of ingenuity,
when caged and tagged for future research,
crushes a lifetime of groans in a
single
violent
breath.
Life is a relay race
and the only thing that matters
is whether or not
you’re holding the baton.
welcome to the maze
When the machine successfully creates a mouse
a smirk crawls slowly upward, separating an infected cheek—
only to quickly retreat.
For now is the time of cheese;
an endless pyramid of cheddar
jack
gouda
muenster
mozzarella
and all the rest.
The business machine is a focused evil
and it always knows when to feed
the freshly corrupted,
salivating mouth of the starving mouse.
writhing pupils
distinguished gentlemen
gather late at night
in crawl spaces
and fox holes
writing love poems
to the Julies
and Katys
and Wendys
they dance around the page
sword in hand
attempting to tame the ink
like a snake charmer
wooing his slithery enemy
a few are able to control the boa
and the rest are bitten
Profile: Cliff WeberAlternate To Typical Artificial Supplements Is Required, Say Experts
Whole food supplements is presently a subject of around the world rate of interest. A wealth of proof has just recently come to light recommending that average artificial multivitamin supplements might be harmful to your health and wellness. Goran Bjelakovic, a reputable scientist from the College of Copenhagen, headed up a substantial meta-study that took a look at the outcomes of 67 placebo-controlled trials formerly undertaken to identify the effects of vitamin and also anti-oxidant supplements on long life. In the end, the research study integrated monitorings of 232 000 test subjects. By utilizing such a large populace sample, a research study can come to be far more effective when it come to identifying large trends as well as getting over human prejudice.
The results of the evaluation, released in the Journal of the American Medical Organization, were absolutely nothing less than surprising. Looking at people with diabetic issues, cardiovascular disease and also lung cancer, in addition to healthy and balanced, normal individuals, there was no noticeable benefit to taking popular fractionated supplements like Vitamin A, Vitamin E, Vitamin C, Selenium, or beta-Carotene. As a matter of fact, the outcomes entered the opposite direction – there was an enhanced opportunity of death (16 percent) amongst Vitamin An individuals, a 7 percent higher death price among beta-Carotene users, and also a 4 percent mortality boost in Vitamin E individuals. Beta-Carotene as well as Retinol, advertised as anti-carcinogenic agents, may promote lung cancer. That’s right – pills marketed as helping you towards a much longer, healthier life remain in fact correlated with a speedier demise. This research made use of regular supplements on the market made from artificial vitamins.
To add fuel to the fire, a recent research released in the British Journal of Nutrition under the uninspired title of “Ascorbic Acid Supplements Does Not Attenuate Post-Exercise Muscle Soreness Complying With Muscle-Damaging Exercise However May Delay The Recovery Refine” showed that supplementation with anti-oxidants from synthetic resources may turn around a lot of the valuable results of physical training.
Currently, this is not to say that anti-oxidants or vitamins are bad for you. Vice versa – these supplements were produced on the basis of strong scientific research. Anti-oxidants are still believed to protect cells from the ravages of totally free radicals. The problem, rather, is the concept that you can get those benefits from synthetic isolated compounds. Condition and the aging process are typically far more difficult than test-tube research studies can account for. In addition, the issue of bioavailability is an ever-present concern. Lots of typical artificial supplements consist of significant quantities of the marketed vitamin, yet do not have the extra compounds needed to make certain that their essential ingredients are in fact absorbed by the body. Passing right through the digestion tract, these ‘wonder health cures’ usually wind up doing little past providing people costly urine. To the rescue … Whole Food Supplements.
What the layman should take from all this is not a sense that we have actually made no progression in the last century pertaining to revealing sufficient means of personal health maintenance. There’s one point that no one is disputing, which’s the significance of a healthy, well-shaped diet regimen abundant in fruit, orange, yellow as well as dark eco-friendly leafy veggies, entire grains, legumes, seeds, nuts, excellent quality carbohydrates and also lean proteins and supplements from entire food supplements. When you avoid absorbing harmful chemicals such as those in food chemicals, flavors, taste boosters and also ‘synthetic vitamin ingredients’, you’ll not only decrease your consumption of toxic substances. You’ll additionally be forced to tap into one of the most nutritionally reputable resource available, namely all-natural nutrition. Humans have progressed to consume unprocessed plant and pet food sources. Current research suggests that the superiority of all-natural proportions and also solutions has actually been greatly underestimated.
know more about integratori alimentari here.Are retirees eligible for a Cost-of-Living-Adjustment?
How do I set up a direct deposit of my
pension check to my bank account?
Can retirement
options be changed?
Can a change of beneficiary be made on
an option selection after retirement?
If I get divorced, is my spouse entitled
to part of my pension?
Can pension loans be issued after retirement?
Will my pension be adjusted after I have
paid the full amount of my pension loan?
If I receive retroactive pay after I retire, will this affect my pension?
If I select
direct deposit, do I receive a monthly statement?
If I receive
retro active pay after I retiree, will this affect my pension?
May I
review my pension calculation?
Do I have to pay taxes on my retirement
allowance?
What steps
should be taken if a pension check is not received? ‘cheap,’..
Best gaming keyboard | Best graphics cards| Best gaming chair
Best VR headset | Best wireless gaming mouse | Best wireless gaming keyboard quality membrane is still much better than some old office board.. ‘bump’ of feedback every time it’s pushed.
Tenkeyless
A keyboard that lacks the right-hand number pad.This LED tail light assembly fits all 1940 Chevrolet passenger cars except, Sedan Delivery, and Coupe Pickup. It mounts into the original position on the body and comes with 17 Super Bright Red LEDs. The lens is completely sealed Polycarbonate and is epoxy coated for fully sealed electronics with #1157 plug. Ready to install with a 304 stainless rim, black housing, socket and mounting hardware. Fits left or right by reversing the lens. GM# 927067, 927068, 927069, 927070
This part fits most.A 100% natural sugar scrub bar with nourishing cocoa butter, lavender and ylang ylang. Plastic-free, in completely biodegradable packaging.
A perfect stocking filler, this luxurious bar contains the finest natural ingredients to gently buff away dead skin, leaving it soft, smooth and nourished.)..
Customer Reviews
Bought this along with a few other bits and bobs to make up a pamper hamper. It looks and smells lovely. Everything I ordered arrived so quickly and beautifully packaged. Love this little shop.Hell.
He is considered a great Helloween frontman and singer.Discography:Pink Cream 69:Pink Cream 69 (1989)One Size Fits All (1991)Games People Play (1993)Helloween:Master of the Rings (1994)The Time Of The Oath (1996)High Live - Live (1996)Better Than Raw (1998)Metal Jukebox (1999)The Dark Ride (2000)Rabbit Don't Come Easy (2003)Keeper Of The Seven Keys - The Legacy (2005)Keeper of the Seven Keys – The Legacy World Tour 2005/2006 Live (2007)Gambling with the Devil (2007)Unarmed - Best of 25th Anniversary (2010)7 Sinners (2010)Straight Out of Hell (2013)Solo Albuns:Come in from the Rain (1997)Done by Mirrors (1999)Million-Dollar Haircuts On Ten-Cent Heads (2013)Singles:"1000 Years Away" (1997)"Good Bye Jenny" (1997).A great car and a great value! Turbocharger technology provides forced air induction, enhancing performance while preserving fuel economy. Honda infused the interior with top shelf amenities, such as: power front seats, heated seats, and the power moon roof opens up the cabin to the natural environment. Performance and efficiency are both prioritized thanks to the efficient 4 cylinder engine, favoring both performance and efficiency. Well tuned suspension and stability control deliver a spirited, yet composed, ride and drive
You will have a pleasant shopping experience that is fun, informative, and never high pressured. Stop by our dealership or give us a call for more information.The.
Sprains can range from mild to severe, and are graded according to the amount of damage to the ligament. A sprain by definition is damage only to the ligaments when they are stretched beyond normal range, and not to the bone. In some cases bone may be torn away resulting in what is called an avulsion sprain.
Grade I: ligaments are stretched but not torn, and mild to moderate pain exists
Grade II: partial tears of the ligaments exist and range of motion is decreased; pain is generally moderate and discoloration is present
Grade III: complete tears of the ligaments exist that require immediate medical intervention; pain is generally severe and discoloration is certainly present
Wrist sprains or instability can be caused by many factors. Overuse activities such as typing, cutting hair, or racquet sports can cause inflammation of the carpal tunnel and the resultant pain. Trauma such as falling on an outstretched hand can tear or even rupture ligaments that hold everything together. The blunt force during this type of trauma can also cause fractures and bruising that make it very difficult to move the wrist. Other modes of injury include being pushed into something, extreme twisting of the wrist, or mis-hitting something with only a portion of the fist. Contact sports, recreational downhill activities, and occupations at heights create situations common to wrist sprains.
Pain ranges from mild to severe based on the grade of sprain and the damage done to the ligaments and bones. The pain is recreated with almost any movement of the wrist, especially extension. Swelling, discoloration, and radiating pain into the arm and hand are common symptoms. Often times the wrist will be warm to the touch as well.
KT Tape is appropriate for sprains after seeking medical attention. KT Tape provides support and may increase.
Treatment:
This KT Tape application may decrease inflammation and pain quickly*.
*NOT CLINICALLY PROVEN FOR ALL INJURIESThe marriage of Claudine Pépin and Rollie Wesen is not just a lesson in love, but a story about where love can take you.
Back in May '01, Claudine was one busy lady. A native New Yorker, she spent most of her time in posh nosh spots pushing expensive champagnes. While sipping good stuff with foodies, this brand ambassador also practiced another important skill: the art of picking up men.
"What can I say?" she says. "I had a social job."
And a very social family. The 35-year-old daughter of France's culinary monarch, legendary master chef Jacques Pépin, Claudine was good at smooching and schmoozing--so good, in fact, she could easily date up to seven men at a time. That all changed when she met her future hubby at an Upper Eastside eatery.
Working 80-hour weeks as a chef at Jacques' Brasserie, Rollie Wesen spent all his time thinking about food--not women. But that didn't stop Claudine from asking this up-and-comer to clear his plate for a lunch date.
One lunch led to another and it wasn't too long before the couple's relationship really got cooking. Theirs was shaping up to be quite the Big Apple romance and the stuff of Sunday New York Times "Vows" articles (one would eventually appear on March 30).
Meanwhile, 36-year-old Rollie was hatching a plan to move out West--he'd already lived in Seattle and always knew he'd end up back in the Pacific Northwest. He brought up his travel plans to Claudine in early 2002.
Initially, she had reservations.
"I wasn't just going to move out here as his girlfriend," says Claudine, revealing her old-fashioned, French-American values. "Maybe if I was 23 years old...but I wanted to know his intentions." Once she got word from Rollie that he was ready for a serious commitment, she agreed to the move--on two conditions.
She asked, "Do they have Ann Taylor and Saks Fifth Avenue?" Rollie quickly assured this city girl that yes, she could still shop like a New Yorker, even all the way out in Oregon.
A month later, Claudine would say yes again when Rollie popped the question on a Long Island beach. And by the fall, the couple packed up their bags and headed for Portland. For two people whose lives were so busy, Claudine and Rollie took their sweet time getting here. Their seven-week road trip included stopovers in Michigan, Colorado and New Mexico. Though Claudine had never pitched a tent before, she learned to love the outdoors, especially cooking. "Because it was Claudine's first time camping, she insisted that we always have a campfire," recalls Rollie. "So we had great grilling opportunities." But they didn't exactly rough it--far from slapping dogs on a stick, the couple cooked such treats as portabella mushrooms and filet mignon.
After they arrived in Portland, both took jobs at Ken's Artisan Bakery. Here, they'd see each other every day as Rollie worked on the dinner menu and Claudine worked the front counter.
Their escape from the fast-paced lifestyle of their former big city was short-lived: Last month, the week after they returned from their East Coast wedding, Rollie started his new job as the head chef at Rivers restaurant. For now, he's back to a hectic work schedule reminiscent of his old, New York days.
They may have already moved 3,000 miles, but this couple still has a long way to go before slowing down.Hudson Music Getting Started on Drums
- Item # 0056665
- Model # 320297
Featuring world-renowned drummer, solo artist, author and educator Tommy Igoe, the Getting Started on Drums series is an entertaining and educational way for beginning drummers to learn the right way… Learn More
$9.95
Reserve Now! This item is backordered but it is available to reserve now. You will not be charged until the item ships.
Ship to Store
2-7 business daysJob Information
SCL Health Sonographer in Billings, Montana
To show our commitment to your transition into our organization, we are offering up to $4000 in relocation.
You.
You bring your body, mind, heart and spirit to your work as a Sonographer.
Your compassion is tangible: patients feel it in the hand they hold. Families feel it in your prayers. Colleagues feel it in your support.
You know how to move fast. You know how to stay organized. You know how to have fun. Sonographer, you need to know how to:
Be responsible for appropriate operation of all Ultrasound Imaging and related equipment
Perform Ultrasound procedures in order to obtain desired imaging results according to physicians specifications that includes, but is not limited to, transferring patients for examinations and assisting with the Ultrasound examination process
Appropriately educate, position, immobilize and perform Ultrasound procedure
Coordinate Ultrasound examination to ensure timeliness, quality and continuity of patient care
Understand and follow provider Imaging orders correctly
Submit required images and related clinical information to the Radiologist for interpretation
Appropriately evaluate image quality
Maintain open, accurate, and responsive communication to patients, coworkers, Radiologists and leadership
Appropriately utilize, charge and maintain department supplies
Practice sterile technique and follow infection prevention policies
Handle multiple tasks/projects and meet deadlines
Safely perform Ultrasound procedures including patient transfer
Your experience.
We hire people, not resumes. But we also expect excellence, which is why we require:
Current ARDMS registered or ARRT (S) Sonography certification
Current BLS certification endorsed by the American Heart Association or ability to obtain within three (3) months of hire
Your next move.
Now that you know more about being a SonographerYou can listen to the article (narrated by a real person):
Looking for the best way to sell digital products like ebooks, courses, or webinars? Or maybe you’re only just now asking yourself whether it’s possible to build a business off your expertise?
Either way, you’re in the right place. In this guide, we’ll show you step-by-step how you can sell digital products and build your audience.
Throughout this guide, we’ll use GetResponse to build on all the concepts we discuss. And as you’ll soon find out for yourself, it’s pretty much the only tool you’ll need to start selling your knowledge.
Table Of Contents
- Step 1. Build an audience
- Step 2. Communicate and nurture your audience
- Step 3. Make the sale
- Step 4. Upsell your customers
- Step 5. Retarget lost customers
- Step 6. Reach a wider audience
- Your next step
Step 1. Build an audience
If you’re starting fresh, you’ll want to focus on attracting an audience to market your products to. And even if you already have an existing audience you can sell to – it probably won’t be long before you’ll want to expand your reach.
Here’s how you can start building a loyal audience:
I. Place signup forms on your website
You might already have a website where visitors come to learn more about your content. Whether you write blog articles, record short video tutorials, or release free audio samples – you can use them to collect emails from your visitors.
With these emails, you’ll have a direct way to contact your audience. You’ll be able to continue engaging them with your content & eventually upsell them on one of your paid products or services.
Using the GetResponse Web Form Builder, you can build various types of signup forms you can then place on your website. Starting from static embedded forms prominently displayed on your page, to eye-catching pop-ups that appear when you meet specific conditions, all the way to exit-intent interstitials.
Here’s one example of a scroll-form created using GetResponse, offering a newsletter subscription to visitors who’ve engaged with an interesting article.
Pro tip: Don’t bank on just one type of lead capture forms. Mix up your strategies and use static forms along with more engaging pop-ups.
II. Create dedicated landing pages
Another way to build an audience you can sell your digital products to is through squeeze pages and landing pages.
As the name implies, squeeze pages “squeeze” visitors and turn them into leads. As their primary goal is to collect emails, you’ll often find that they offer a very simplified experience and only include the essential elements – a form, headline, benefit-oriented copy, and one main call to action.
While the average squeeze page conversion rate is between 3.5-5%, it’s not uncommon to see them reach double-digit email signup rates.
Take Alex Terrier as an example. This jazz musician and a music teacher saw a 19% email signup rate when promoting his online course using GetResponse.
Even if you don’t know how to code, you can build squeeze pages like this using the GetResponse drag-and-drop Landing Page Creator. The tool enables you to build, test, and optimize your pages using a simple drag-and-drop editor. And it offers a large number of pre-made templates you can customize to fit your brand.
This video tutorial shows the process in more detail.
And what should you put on your squeeze page to collect emails effectively? We’ve already created a list of lead magnets worth considering, but some of the more popular ones include:
- Free ebook
- Book sample
- Video course sample
- Audio sample
- A tool or checklist
Pro tip: Don’t forget to integrate your landing page with Google Analytics & Facebook Pixel. This way you’ll have more detailed information about who visits your page and will be able to retarget them via Facebook ads.
III. Host free webinars
As an expert, there’s no better way to connect with your audience than to host a free webinar. Especially if you’re targeting a global audience in this day and age.
By hosting a free webinar you can build rapport with your target audience, show your expertise, and give them a sample of what they’ll experience if they buy your online course or ebook. Plus, it’s a great way for you to gather questions and feedback from your potential buyers. These can help you improve your digital products and make them even more valuable for your target audience.
Using GetResponse Webinars, you can host live webinars and even turn them into on-demand webinars that your audience can access after providing their email address. This is a perfect solution for anyone who wants to attract a large audience in a scalable way.
What makes this tool even better is the fact that it’s fully integrated with all the other features you’ll find in GetResponse. That means you can both build webinar registration pages and send automated email communication to anyone who signs up for your events.
Within our team, we’re big fans of webinar marketing. Every month we host several events where we invite guests and share best practices on how to run marketing campaigns and grow your business. Here’s one example of a recent webinar we’ve run with Matthew Smith of Really Good Emails.
Pro tip: Don’t worry if you don’t feel confident in front of the camera. There are different types of webinars and visuals you can use to make your events effective. You’ll find more on how webinars work in our guide.
IV. Build lead magnet funnels
If you’re looking for a more organized way to build an audience using lead magnets, you’ll want to check out Lead Magnet Funnels.
What lead magnet funnels do is they connect all the individual pieces – like landing pages, lead magnets, drip campaigns, paid ads – into a simple and visual dashboard.
Rather than having to figure out how to best integrate your pages with other elements of your communication, lead magnet funnels guide you through every step in the process and offer an easy way to measure the success of your campaigns.
Here’s what a typical funnel created with our sales funnel software looks like.
Bear in mind this is just a dashboard where you can track your campaign results. Behind it are all your messages and pages, which you can create using the pre-made templates that you’ll find inside the platform.
Below you’ll also find a quick video tutorial where we explain in detail how you can set up lead magnet funnels with ease.
Pro tip: Building lead magnet funnels is a great way to start learning about digital marketing. You can try them out completely free with GetResponse.
V. Run social media campaigns and paid ads
All of the tactics I’ve mentioned above partly rely on your existing traffic and the audience you’ve already successfully built. Now, what if you want to go beyond that and reach new buyers outside of your network? The answer is – start running social media and paid advertising campaigns.
Social media platforms like Facebook and Instagram are perfect for finding new prospects and people interested in buying your digital products. Part of it is because Facebook’s reach is massive and their advertising platform lets you target your audience in many smart ways.
For example, you can specifically target people who’ve visited your landing page but haven’t left their email address. Or reach people similar to the most-engaged students who signed up for your online course. These are just two ways you can use Facebook’s targeting but should give you the idea of how powerful their platform is.
GetResponse offers three solutions that can help you run your social media and paid advertising campaigns more effectively:
Social ads creator– lets you create highly engaging social media posts for your business profiles. You just customize the templates using our drag-and-drop tool inside the app and schedule your posts whenever you want them to be live. Best of all? The templates match the ones you’ll be using in the conversion funnels.
Facebook and Instagram ads – no need to log into the Facebook Ads Manager, learn the UI, and connect it with GetResponse. You can design and publish your Facebook Ads right inside GetResponse – and even use your email lists and segments when optimizing your target audience.
Google ads – looking for the hottest leads who are actively searching for your digital products? GetResponse lets you run Google Search Ads inside the platform. Once again, no need to log into multiple dashboards to market and sell your knowledge effectively.
And the results? Paid ad campaigns can be very powerful – and cost-effective.
Infoshare Academy, which offers intensive programming courses for beginners who want to start working in IT, attracted 1,200 new contacts in just one month using Facebook Lead Ads. And the acquisition cost per contact was just around $0.35.
Step 2. Communicate and nurture your audience
Now that you’ve built an audience, it’s time to keep them engaged & convince them to buy your digital products.
Here are a few ways how you can do this:
I. Create a short email course
They’re a great lead magnet that we’ve ourselves used multiple times in GetResponse. They can help you expand your audience in a short amount of time.
They’re also easy to set up. You can use the same email template, customize the content, and schedule your messages using an intuitive calendar view. Using GetResponse Autoresponders it’s super simple.
They keep your audience engaged for a long period of time. By dividing your content into several lessons, you’ll make each lesson more digestible and will get the chance to keep your subscribers engaged long-term.
Not surprisingly too, our Email Marketing Benchmarks data shows that autoresponders have much higher average open and click-through rates than basic newsletters.
Here’s how we’ve set up one of the free email courses you’ll find in GetResponse Resources.
The GetResponse Email Creator makes it super easy to design and re-use email templates to set up an email course like the one above. And thanks to the advanced analytics, you’ll also know which lessons engage your audience and which ones could do with a little optimization.
II. Nurture your audience with automated messages
Yes, your audience will receive your autoresponder emails automatically. But autoresponders (sometimes called drip campaigns) are also a bit limited since they only allow for linear communication. If you’d like to nurture your audience in a non-linear and more targeted way, marketing automation is the way forward.
GetResponse Marketing Automation lets you create more advanced scenarios, through which you can target your audience in response to the contact information or their actions. These so-called marketing automation workflows, tie in together with forms, webinars, landing pages, and everything else we’ve discussed so far. And even though they may sound complex, they can be just as robust or simple as you want them to be.
Here are a few ways you can use them:
- Create an email follow-up series to your webinar registrants, automatically personalizing the messaging based on who attended and who missed your event.
- Create an advanced email course where you’ll score, tag, and respond to each student differently, based on how engaged they are with your content or how they performed on your tests.
- Create a lead nurturing campaign that’ll automatically move your students from the free communication workflow to the paid one the moment they convert.
Here’s how you could set up a simple welcome email series using a workflow:
And here’s a slightly more complex marketing automation workflow to target the different groups among your webinar registrants:
Pro tip: Marketing Automation may feel overwhelming at first. That’s why it’s best to start small, even with a simple onboarding flow. Once you’ve built your first workflow, you can expand it and create more complex scenarios. Getting started with marketing automation guide will help you get a hang of it in no time.
III. Keep your audience informed with web push notifications
What if your contacts aren’t checking their email throughout the day, even though they’re spending time in front of their computer? A great way to keep such consumers engaged is to send them web push notifications.
With these short prompts appearing in a browser, you can notify them about all the new content that you’re publishing on your website or new sales promotions you’re about to launch.
While they’re not as popular as emails, web push notifications have very high engagement rates and that’s what makes them worth your time. Plus, if you only use them to deliver content your audience wants to hear about, you’ll have yet another way to keep your brand top of their mind.
Naturally, we’ve built GetResponse Web Push Notifications to match our UI. So if you’re already familiar with some of our tools, you’ll learn how to use them in no time.
To learn more about these eye-catching and highly engaging prompts, read our article where explain how to create web push notifications in GetResponse.
IV. Connect all the different touchpoints
The beauty of online marketing is that you can target your audience across multiple channels and gather all your contact information in one place.
Whether you’re going to use a CRM to store your contacts’ data or a dedicated platform to build your online course – you can automatically transfer the information between all of these tools via Zapier, API, or one of our pre-built integrations.
GetResponse connects with thousands of other software so that you can react in real-time and target your audience with the right messaging.
Here are a few scenarios:
- You’d like to run a survey among your students using Survicate and transfer this information to GetResponse
- You’d like to transfer new contacts who’ve downloaded your ebook from one of your Facebook Lead Ads campaigns
- You’d like to schedule a meeting or follow up with those who booked a consultation with you via Calendly
- You’d like to add new students to your course created in Teachable after they converted from one of your emails
As you can see, there are many possibilities of how you can keep your leads or students engaged not only via email.
1. How to boost online sales with GetResponse
2. How to generate leads with GetResponse
Step 3. Make the sale
Once you’ve built your audience and made sure they’re engaging with your content, it’s time to make the sale and start getting paid for your knowledge.
Here are a few ways you can start selling digital products with GetResponse.
Note: While the setup process for individual products might be slightly different, the common theme is that you’ll be creating a sales funnel inside GetResponse. If instead of reading, you’d prefer to watch a video walkthrough, here’s our guide to creating a sales funnel from scratch:
I. Run paid webinars
Much like free webinars, paid webinars have huge potential in this day and age. Your audience can join them from anywhere in the world and if they’ve already seen and enjoyed your free content, they’re likely to consider reaching for more exclusive resources.
If you’re using GetResponse, the best way to set up a paid webinar is by using Conversion Funnels. The “Host paid webinar” funnel type is best suited for this.
There, you’ll first need to set up your live event – give it a title, pick the time, and set the price you want to charge for your webinar.
Next, you’ll need to prepare all your assets:
- the signup page leading to your subscription,
- the welcome email they’ll receive after signing up,
- the sale page,
- your thank you page,
- etc.
Don’t worry if it sounds like a lot of work. Our intuitive dashboard will lead you through every step of the process, so you’ll not only be able to schedule your webinar, but also attract many webinar registrants.
And since GetResponse is integrated with all major payment processors like Stripe, PayPal, BlueSnap, PayU, Square, Qiwi, and Yandex, you’ll be able to start collecting money for your webinars in no time.
If you’d like to see more detailed instructions on how to set up a paid webinar, check out this tutorial.
II. Run paid email courses
Want to charge for access to your email course? Good idea!
Here’s how you can do it in GetResponse.
First, create your regular email course with Autoresponders. Just like with drip campaigns, you’ll want to leave some space between each lesson so that your students will get the chance to access and go through your content.
Next, set up a sales funnel and create a store.
Once you have a store, choose “online course” as your product type and specify how you’ll deliver the course to those who sign up.
The easiest way is to have GetResponse automatically move your newly converted subscribers to a list that contains the paid email course. Like this:
Note: Make sure that your newly converted leads are added to an autoresponder cycle in your designated list. This will ensure that they’ll receive the course they’ve just bought.
The rest of the process is the same as with every other sales funnel – you can adjust your sales pages, drip campaigns, and sync your paid advertising campaigns. And you can do all that by either starting from scratch or using one of our premade funnel templates.
For a more detailed instruction, follow this tutorial or watch the video I’m sharing at the top of this section.
III. Sell ebooks (and other digital downloads)
What if you wanted to sell an ebook? Or any other type of digital download for that matter? GetResponse Conversion Funnels were built for this.
Much like with other knowledge products, the best way is to create a sales funnel, choose your store, and pick “Downloadable file” as your product type.
Once you’ve done that, upload your product and proceed with the rest of the sales funnel setup process.
If you haven’t done this before, go ahead and check out this tutorial or refer back to our video walkthrough.
Read more about the most effective ebook marketing strategies in our article.
IV. Sell services
Using Conversion Funnels you can also sell services. These can be online consultations, workshops, IT development, or any other service type that comes to your mind.
To sell a service, much like with other digital products, you’ll want to set up a sales funnel and pick the right product type.
Once you’ve done that, fill out all the necessary details, like the name, description, price, and information on how you’ll deliver the service.
Then, carry on with the sales funnel setup process and start adjusting your sales page and confirmation emails.
Step 4. Upsell your customers
You’ve managed to build an engaged audience and lead them to your sales page.
If you’ve done everything right up to this point, they’ll likely go through the entire funnel and buy your product.
But what if you wanted to offer them something more, like an exclusive deal that’s only available to those who buy your main product? That’s what we’ve built upsell pages for.
After a user clicks through to buy your product on the sales page:
They can be automatically directed to an upsell page that’ll present them with a time-limited offer:
Naturally, they can close this offer and carry on to just buy your main product. But if the offer is good enough, you’ll be able to increase your average order value in no time.
Step 5. Retarget lost customers
We’ve covered how you can attract your audience and convert them with your sales funnels. We even talked about how you can upsell those who are ready to buy your products, credit card in hand.
But what if someone’s not ready to make a purchase and leaves your site? That’s where retargeting comes in.
Thanks GetResponse and Facebook integration, setting up retargeting campaigns is easy. All you need to do is start creating a Facebook ad and pick website visitors as your target audience:
There, you can target those who visited your sales page (e.g. in the last 5 days) and exclude those who converted and made it to the confirmation page.
Once you’ve identified this audience, think of what it would take to convert them. Would they be motivated by a simple reminder or maybe a discount would be more effective? Perhaps it’s enough to talk about the benefits of your products or show some of the customer testimonials?
There are many ways you can go about this, so make sure you test at least a few approaches.
Step 6. Reach a wider audience
After all this work you’ll probably want to further expand your audience and sell even more of your products.
We’ve already mentioned how Facebook and Instagram can help you attract an audience when you’re starting off with a clean slate. Let’s now have a look how they can be used to further expand your reach when you already have some paying customers.
When setting up your ads in GetResponse, you can create a so-called Lookalike Audience. These are the people who are similar to your existing audience (they have matching characteristics and behavior) according to Facebook’s algorithms.
If you pick this audience type, you can narrow down the targeting to target those who you value the most, e.g.:
- Your paid subscribers
- People who bought more than one of your products
- People who have a particularly high average order value
- People who are very engaged in your content
This targeting option can be very powerful and deliver a very good return on ad spend (ROAS). And what’s also great, if you ran successful ads in step 1 of this guide, you already have a winning set of ads in your account ready to be launched in a matter of minutes.
Your next step
Selling digital products isn’t always easy.
In many cases, you’ll be facing strong competition and will need to highlight your unique selling proposition.
Luckily, with tools like GetResponse, selling digital products and launching your marketing communications is much easier.
If you think you’re ready for the challenge, then go ahead and take GetResponse for a test drive.
Sign up for GetResponse and start selling knowledge in no time 🙂Careers.
If you want to work with a passionate, committed team of “A-players” that are excited to come to work every day and are changing how healthcare is delivered in Canada, CognisantMD may be the right place for you.
Perks & Benefits
- Competitive salary & great benefits plan
- Free snacks, coffee & pop
- Casual office dress code
- Regularly scheduled company lunches and end of day “socials”
- Flex hours (with core hours)
- Open concept office with easy TTC access (directly over Lawrence station in midtown Toronto)
- Unlimited growth opportunities. We are rapidly growing and we need people who want to grow their career at the same pace as we are!
A Note on Values
We value ethical behaviour above all else. We care about each other and we respect each other as professionals and people. We treat our customers with respect and keep our word, even if it hurts. We own our mistakes. We strive for honesty and integrity every day in every situation. We look for people who share these values.What sausages are free on slimming world?
What sausages are free on slimming world?
Asda Extra Special Light & Lean Pork Sausages – 0.5 syn each.
How many SYNS are sausages on slimming world?.
Is sausage meat free on slimming world?
Sausages are syn free on Slimming World.
Can you BBQ Slimming World sausages?
Grill Frozen Remove required number of sausages from packaging. Place on to the wire rack of a grill tray. Grill for 20 minutes. Turn occasionally, reducing the heat if necessary.
Are there any meat sausages that are syn free?.
How to make a syn free sausage casserole?
Make up 200ml of vegetable stock. 5. Add sausages, carrot, mushroom, leek, peas, sausages, parsley, dried mix herbs, parsley, pinch of salt and pepper, chopped tomatoes and vegetable stock into a casserole dish. 6. Cover and baked in the oven for 50-60 minutes on 180c ensuring the sausages are cooked.
How to make syn free sausages on Slimming World?
When mixed gradually add the rest of the stock and simmer until thickened. Remove from the heat and serve! Sausages are syn free on Slimming World. Gravy is half a syn each when served between four people. *I was sent some of the ingredients in this recipe to review however all views and opinions are my own.
What’s the best way to make homemade sausages?.FXCM Enhances TS Web Terminal with Trading Central
Trading Central service analyzes over 850,000 trading instruments.
Global FX brokerage FXCM Group has added Trading Central – a provider of investment research and financial market commentary – to help optimize client trading experiences with actionable trading analysis and enhance the firm’s product offering.
The company’s press release described that FXCM teamed up with Trading Central to help enrich its HTML 5 web platform Trading Station Web 2.0. The integration also provides clients with expert views and institutional grade trading strategies, assisting clients to confirm their own views of potential risk/reward opportunities in financial markets.
Asia Trading Summit – The Leading Investment Event in China
Trading Central develops solutions on multiple platforms including MT4. The company’s clients will be able to access daily newsletters, and other features provided from the deal such as via Trading Central’s online portal and live via FXCM’s terminal when traders are logged in. Trading Central is part of a group that has offices in New York, Hong Kong, Paris, London, and Ottawa, and analyzes over 850,000 trading instruments.
Suggested articles
ATFX as One of the Brand Sponsors of Finance Magnates London Summit 2021Go to article >>
Aimed to help clients with trading
FXCM Group has recently expanded its range of cryptocurrency instruments and now offers CFDs on the second most popular coin, Ethereum, for all of its trading accounts.
The FX broker introduced the new asset type earlier last year when it began testing the service with its already installed Bitcoin offering.
According to Brendan Callan, CEO of FXCM Group, “This integration gives our traders seamless access to Trading Central’s analysis, We want to provide traders all the tools possible to allow them to be smarter and more successful in their trading.”
Alain Pellier, CEO at Trading Central, added: “We’ve spent the last 20 years empowering investors to form educated trade decisions by providing them with actionable research they can trust. We’ve been a proud partner of FXCM since 2005 and are confident that their new integration of our analytics will enable even more of today’s investors to participate in financial markets.”Union coalition challenges
new public pension law
By Jamey Dunn
A coalition of public employee and teachers' unions has filed a lawsuit challenging the new law that makes changes to the state’s pension systems.
The We Are One Coalition today filed a class action lawsuit in the Circuit Court for the Seventh Judicial Circuit, which is in Sangamon County. The suit has 25 named plaintiffs, who have worked in the public sector in a variety of jobs, from all over the state.
“Our suit makes clear that pension theft is not only unfair, it’s clearly unconstitutional,” Illinois AFL-CIO President Michael Carrigan said in a prepared statement. “Teachers, nurses, emergency responders and other workers and retirees will not stand by while politicians try to take away their life savings illegally. The legislature and governor shirked their responsibility to uphold the Constitution, so we are seeking justice in court to right their wrongs. Promises must be kept, and the rule of law must prevail over politics.”
The suit claims that the new law violates the pension clause in the state’s Constitution. That clause says, “Membership in any pension or retirement system of the state, any unit of local government or school district, or any agency or instrumentality thereof, shall be an enforceable contractual relationship, the benefits of which shall not be diminished or impaired.”
Union officials have been vowing to sue since Senate Bill 1 was approved my lawmakers and signed by Gov. Pat Quinn in December. The measure is projected to save $160 billion over 30 years and fully fund the pension systems, which are currently underfunded by an estimated $100 billion, by 2043. The plan will cut annual cost of living adjustments (COLAs) for current and future retirees. The law also increases the retirement age for employees under 46. For each year an employee is younger than 46, an additional four months would be tacked onto the time he or she would have to work to receive full benefits. The proposal will also cap pensionable salary at $109,971, but that number would increase annually based on inflation.
The law will reduce the employee contribution toward retirement benefits by one percentage point and allow the systems to sue the state if it does not make its required payment. However, lawmakers could vote to change the payment schedule and reduce the annual payment. Some who support the measure argue that the reduction in employee contribution and the guaranteed payment from the state make the legislation constitutional because employees are getting a form of consideration for the reduction in their benefits. Supporters of the plan have also made the case that the state should be granted special powers to contain pension costs because Illinois is enduring a fiscal crisis.
The employees and retirees who filed suit today do not agree. Their compliant says the state failed to meet its obligation to fund the system and that the new law violates the pension protection written into the state’s Constitution. , [the law] unlawfully strips from public servants pension amounts to which they otherwise are entitled as a matter of law, let alone fundamental fairness,” the complaint said. “That is the very threat against which the pension clause [in the Illinois Constitution] protects.”
The group says it reserves the right to seek an injunction to prevent the law from going into effect while the unions and the state fight it out in court. Quinn's office did not respond to a request for comment.21 Of The Most Terrifying Two Sentence Horror Stories Ever
Amazon Best Sellers: Best Scary Stories for Children Best Sellers in Scary Stories for Children #1. Twilight: The Twilight Saga, Book 1 Stephenie Meyer. 4.6 out of 5 stars 9,296. Audible Audiobook. $0.00 Free with Audible trial #2. The Last Olympian: Percy Jackson and the Olympians, Book 5 Rick Riordan. 4.8 out of 5 stars 3,221. Best Ghost Stories for Your Next Sleepover | Reader's Digest Oct 27, 2018 BOOK RIOT | Book Recommendations and Reviews 301 Moved Permanently. nginx
Scary Stories for Kids: These Campfire Tales Are Just a
Dec 06, 2017 Horror Stories for kids | Scary Short Horror Stories Online Creepy stories for kids,horror stories for kids,short scary stories, short horror stories for teenagers, horror stories online, short horror stories in english. Here are some great collection of creepy horror and ghost stories specially arranged for kids. Most of the stories are written by popular writers. 13 Spooky English Ghost Stories That'll Keep You Up at
The 10 Best Scary Books For Kids for Halloween | Fatherly
Next, another of our spooky short ghost stories for kids, probably best suited for children over ten. On a cold, winter day, Mr. Sullivan “came to” whilst walking alongside the edge of a road. He walked over to a woman and asked her for some help, only for her to scream loudly at … 17 Scary Books for Kids 2020 - Scary Children's StoriesHow to clean the brushes? | EIGSHOW Beauty
تم النشر بـ CUSTOMERSUCCESS-REFERSION COLLABORATOR
How to clean the brush, I think this is a problem that everyone is very concerned about, especially for people who are not familiar with makeup. Therefore, we will provide you with some suggestions and tips on cleaning and maintaining makeup brushes. I hope to help you.
We mainly answer three questions to clean the makeup brush.
1. When do you clean makeup brushes?
Since the makeup brush is in direct contact with our face, we must ensure its cleanliness. A makeup brush that has not been cleaned will carry many bacteria, which will cause clogging of our pores and cause a series of skin problems. Therefore, it is essential to clean the makeup brush in time.
The newly purchased makeup brush can be washed directly with pure water or natural water. If there is a slight smell, you can use detergent or shampoo to clean it, which has a disinfecting and sterilizing effect. Generally, newly purchased makeup brushes may contain dust and other small substances. Therefore, it is best to rinse with water before use.（Maybe you can try our vegan fibre makeup brush; we use high-tech fibre manufacturing technology, not only the bristles are completely free of animals and vegans, but also their surfaces are specially designed to be sterile, which can effectively prevent the landing of bacteria. It also avoids the smell of the new set of brushes, which is an excellent choice for your makeup.）
The material of each brush is different, so the cleaning frequency is also different. But no matter what kind of makeup brush is used, please try to clean it with cold water when washing for the first time. If you use hot water for cleaning, due to the principles of thermal expansion and severe contraction, hot water will deform and remove hair from the makeup brush, thus affecting the quality of the makeup brush.
For the fibre material makeup brush, there are no hair scales, the powder grasping power is weak, and the product will not be absorbed too much. It is more suitable for wet products such as liquid foundation, lip gloss, blush cream, and concealer, so it is best to clean it once a week Because the fibre makeup brush is suitable for wet cosmetics, it is easy to leave impurities. If it is not cleaned for a long time, it is easy to damage the skin. Besides, the makeup brush made of fibre has excellent elasticity and is not easy to damage. Even if it is washed frequently, it will not harm the makeup brush. So cleaning the fibre makeup brush once a week is a good cleaning cycle.
Natural hair makeup brushes are best for dry cleaning. If it is washed with water, cleaning cycle should not be too high, about once a month. The makeup brush made of Natural hair is relatively soft and has a durable powder catching ability. It is suitable for dry powder products such as loose powder, eye shadow, blush, etc., so there will not be many residues, So you can use fresh powder to apply directly to makeup brush for dry cleaning，because washing with water too often will cause the bristles of the makeup brush to deform or even fall, so the best cleaning cycle for Natural hair makeup brushes is once a month.
2. How to wash makeup brushes at home
The quality of the makeup brush will affect the delicateness and durability of the makeup. Therefore, cleaning and maintaining makeup brushes is as important as choosing a brush.
First of all, this is our daily makeup brush maintenance.
After each use, prepare a clean paper towel and brush the makeup brush back and forth on the paper towel until the brush has no makeup colour, which can reduce makeup residue.
A: Wash with warm water
Prepare clean, warm water, 10 cents of olive oil and mild soap, sanitary towels or paper towels. Before cleaning, you can gently smooth the bristles with your hands.
Step 1: Place the bristles of the brush face down so that the hairs are closest to the warm flowing water.
Step 2: Gently pinch the bristles' wet fibers and then gently squeeze the remaining lotion or excess water.
Step 3: Put a dime-sized olive oil and neutral soap on the palm of your hand.
Step 4: Massage the mane of the brush onto the soap solution on the palm, while letting water flow through the hair. Move the bristles in a gentle, gentle circular motion.
Step 5: Once the water flowing through the bristles becomes clear, stop the water flow. Make sure that the water flow does not flood the brush head.
Step 6: Use a towel to squeeze out the excess water remaining in the brush gently.
Step 7: Dry the bristles with free-flowing air.
B. Dry cleaning with powder
Prepare loose powder, clean and soft paper towels.
Step 1: Apply powder to the makeup brush.
Step 2: Wipe the powder brush back and forth on a soft paper towel until the dirt is removed.
Step 3: Repeat the operation until there are no extra colors in the brush.
Daily care and proper cleaning can make your brush last longer.
3. How to disinfect makeup brushes
There are ways of getting around purchasing a commercial makeup brush cleaner/disinfectant, and many products that are already in your home are less expensive to use. However, for natural makeup brushes, forget baby shampoo or Dawn and use Coconut Oil.
Coconut Oil
Coconut oil is also extremely effective at breaking down grime and dirt on your natural brushes, plus it has potent anti-bacterial properties.Step 1: Mix one tablespoon of raw, unrefined organic coconut oil and one tablespoon of baby shampoo with a little water to make a thick lathery paste.
Step 2: Swirl the brush in the paste to make sure all bristles are covered.
Step 3: Rinse under a warm running tap (make sure the water is warm enough to get the oil out).
Alcohol
Though not the way to sanitize natural brushes, you can use alcohol to disinfect your synthetic brushes.
Step 1: Mix one part water to one part alcohol and throw in a drop of dish soap or shampoo.
Step 2: Swirl the brush in the solution.
Step 3: Rinse in warm water, squeeze, reshape and dry.
The above are some small suggestions for cleaning and maintaining makeup brushes, and we hope to help you.
Thanks for taking the time to read our blog post on what our makeup artists in house use most. Have a wonderful day, and as always leave a comment, like or share.by TRACY ZOLLINGER TURNER
When Roxanne Rajaii was a senior at Bloomington High School South, she had a strong sense of the career and life she wanted. Fifteen years ago, she and nine other high-achieving high school students were featured in a story called “Great Expectations” in Bloom’s very first issue. On her way to the University of California, Berkeley to study bioscience, Rajaii said she wanted to become a doctor. And now she is.
After graduate school at Georgetown University, medical school at A.T. Still University in Missouri, and a medical residency in Michigan, Rajaii returned to Bloomington to practice in 2019. She considered several different specializations, but dermatology had a personal pull.
“I was diagnosed with psoriasis when I was 2, so I was in and out of dermatology offices for most of my childhood and young adulthood,” she says. “That was the biggest reason I wanted to go into medicine, and dermatology in particular. I know the detrimental effects of skin disorders—not just on the skin, but on a person’s mental health and how they perceive themselves and their confidence. The office that I work in now [Dermatology Center of Southern Indiana] is actually the office that I went to as a kid, so I have truly come full circle.”
Rajaii was born in Bloomington but spent part of her early childhood in Iran with her mother, teacher and artist Rosa Payravi, and her ailing grandfather. Rajaii’s father, Mohammed, remained in Indiana, where he worked at the Indiana University Herman B Wells Library. Rajaii returned to Bloomington in elementary school and remains connected to the very first friends she made at Childs Elementary. “They welcomed me to a new school and to a new culture and helped me with the language,” she says. “I think that’s one of my most profound memories.”
Rajaii met her husband, anesthesiologist Damon Morris, in medical school. After spending the first four years of their marriage in different states to complete their residencies, they are happy to be working in the same city, and to “serve the community that raised me,” says Rajaii.
Her approach to medicine remains as patient centered as possible.
“I went to medical school because I knew I wanted to be able to relate to people the way that I was related to as a patient, or the ways I thought relationships from providers to me as a patient could have been significant,” she says. “Those were my driving forces. If you are in it for the money or the prestige or things like that, those aren’t strong enough reasons to withstand the pressures that medicine puts on you.”Moderators: KrPole, therapaman4, dragonriot, chrispeng
KrPole wrote:Instance Viewer
Commander Planner
Ship Designer
Max-Attack Planner
RBP Planner
War Mapper
If you find any discrepancies, please don't be afraid to mention it here.
Supported browsers: Chrome, Opera, Firefox
CaedusSolo wrote:can you explain the bottom 3 links better plz
KrPole wrote:CaedusSolo wrote:can you explain the bottom 3 links better plz
Max-Attack Planner:
For planning a max-attack tank.
RBP Planner:
For planning rbp upgrades. Choose a start level, desired level and you will get a wealth cost and the expected resource bonus.
War Mapper:
For mapping out a war battle field. The output image can be posted for corps members who can't enter the battlefield, but need to see the war's progress.
I have a collection of 14 of these (spanning 11 days) of our last war. I plan to make these into a gif and posted it as an example.
Return to Experience DiscussionAccess National Security News HERE.
National Security News Content:
1. An independent commission should review our National Defense Strategy
2. U.S. Allies Drive Much of World’s Democratic Decline, Data Shows
3. Will the Biden Administration Be Soft on Sanctions?
4. China’s Search for Allies- Is Beijing Building a Rival Alliance System?
5. Australian Official Says AUKUS Will Establish Rules-Based Order with China Other Countries
6. Don’t Be Evil: America Needs Its Mantra Back
7. Swift trans-Atlantic action kept Turkey from fueling Belarus’ hybrid attacks
8. Rising costs for troops’ pay and benefits could hurt military readiness, experts warn
9. United Nations’ transnational bureaucrats now do Beijing’s bidding
10. The death of democracy (USAGM/VOA)
11. A Veteran Diplomat, a ‘Tragic Figure,’ Battles Critics in the U.S. and Afghanistan
12. President Biden to visit Fort Bragg for early Thanksgiving with service members
13. Agile Multilateralism Is Needed to Address Cybercrime Safe Havens
14. Why Cyber War Is Subversive, and How that Limits its Strategic Value
15. More Deferential but Also More Political: How Americans' Views of the Military Have Changed Over 20 Years
16. China Locks Down Its History, to Its Peril and the World’s
17. COMMENT: China invokes history of Korean War, CCP and Xi in battle for hearts and minds
18. Authoritarian Leaders Are Weaker Than They Look, Thanks to Covid
19. The U.S. Military and the Coming Great-Power Challenge By Andrew F. Krepinevich, Jr.
20. As U.S. spies look to the future, one target stands out: China
21. 9th U.S-Philippines Bilateral Strategic Dialogue
22. Joint Vision for a 21st Century United States-Philippines Partnership
Korean News Content:
1. Deputy Secretary Sherman’s Meeting with Republic of Korea First Vice Foreign Minister Choi
2. Senior S. Korean, U.S. diplomats discuss N. Korea, end-of-war declaration: ministry
3. End-of-war declaration can be 'catalyst' for N. Korea talks: minister
4. FM Chung calls for cooperation among S. Korea, China, Japan to overcome 'differences'
5. N. Korea slams U.S. military drill as a 'nuclear war exercise'
6. North Korea warns of 'catastrophic' COVID-19 crisis as other countries ease restrictions
7. U.S. State Dept. doesn't mention end-of-war declaration
8. Korean Peninsula issue neglected in titans' showdown
9. U.S. can work with China on North Korea, says White House adviser
10. Military aircraft will be grounded in South Korea as students take college-entrance exam
11. N. Korea on the hunt for two men who escaped while being transported to forced labor camp
12. North Korea Pushing U.S. to Tolerate Missile Tests and Nuclear Program, Says Panel
13. Several local governments in S. Korea are building AIs using CCTV data without subjects' consent
14. Seoul's end-of-war declaration push raises questions over UNC future
15. South Korea loosened covid rules after massive vaccine uptake. Now cases and hospitalizations are surging.
16. Smuggled copies of Squid Game spread inside North Korea
17. USFK begins COVID-19 inoculation program for affiliated children…I have a file in my workspace that i can't commit if i change that:
Illegal target for the requested operation
svn: Commit failed (details follow):
svn: Entry for
'C:\workspace\wicket\src\java\wicket\resource\loader\WicketBundleStringResourceLoader.java'
is marked as 'copied' but is not itself scheduled
for addition. Perhaps you're committing a target that is
inside an unversioned (or not-yet-versioned) directory?
I need to checkout that file in a different project to be able to commit my
change..
If i look at the subversion properties page of that file. Everything is the
same as with a 'normal' file except the copy = true.
How can i reset that? Where did that come from?
johan
Received on Sat Aug 5 12:24:08 2006
This is an archived mail posted to the Subclipse Users
mailing list.I’m home tonight, and it’s almost Homewood Eve. I have Walter snuggled beside me while I type, and the Christmas decorations are up. Earlier, Caroline, Adam and I made ornaments while we laughed about nonsense; it was wonderful. Then I watched Adam play outside with the neighbours in the snow and chatted with Caroline about her new boyfriend…a perfect day. But no matter what, the time I spent with them felt sad. I kept thinking about how I won’t be here to enjoy the decorations and we will all be separated over the holidays; I’m not even sure when or if I come home. And I miss Ian. 😦
I’ve been SO emotional. I cry at the slightest sad thing. Adam made me a necklace…I bawled. Caroline hugged me…I sobbed like a baby. Walter let me cuddle him like usual when I saw him for the first time in days…nothing could make me hold back my tears. I packed up at AB’s house and made the bed FOR REAL…tears…lots of them. Jon told me I’m a good mom…cried uncontrollably. It’s all so bittersweet. I’m SO grateful to be going to Homewood on Tuesday, but I miss my life. Yes that’s ME saying I miss my life…the one who tried to die 3 times. But it’s true, and the emotions I feel as of late are raw and gut wrenching.
Sooooo…Last night AB gave me my phone, my wallet, my passwords and a bag of my medications that have been locked away for a month. Gasp! When they were in my hands I stood there holding them, frozen in time, like a kid caught red-handed stealing a chocolate bar. What now? I asked AB. “You go and keep getting better! It’s up to you now.” I still couldn’t move. Finally I carried the bag of meds to my room on my finger like a bag of dirty diapers headed to the trash. This is just so weird. When I got to my room with my kryptonite swinging in a bag like a pendulum, I turned around in a slow circle looking for a home for ‘them’. I had permission to have the ‘substances’ that almost killed me in my possession. I was about to sleep fully trusted with them only feet away! I dropped them on the floor and forgot about them…the best I could do.
Earlier that day AB asked me why I thought I was so emotional. She was sure my ‘Yay I got a bed at Homewood’ high would carry me into Tuesday. Secretly, I knew it wouldn’t. The change would not be easy for me. I had settled into my new routine and I knew that uprooting again would stir my dark world for sure. My answer to her question was that I felt similar to the way I felt when I came home from the hospital a month ago. Worried about my family and friends, filled with guilt that I couldn’t take care of myself, and sad that my life was upside down. These feelings didn’t in anyway discount my gratefulness…they were there for a reason I’m sure. And I needed to feel them and let them be so that I could carry forward with what ‘save my life school’ had taught me. Distress will pass…have faith in that Natalie. Still not easy!
Monday is my last day of ‘save my life school’…sigh. Now I’m crying again! I love every single person I met there! I felt this unexplainable connection because of our similar struggles and pain. Thank you everyone for opening your hearts completely, through stories, tears and talks. You all taught me how to be vulnerable enough to heal, and strong enough to trust. Complete strangers became my extended family…and I couldn’t have picked a better bunch if I tried. This 100% includes my teachers! ‘Lou Diamond Philips’, you are truly amazing! Your ability to even convince me to give the program a chance took one special person 😉 I trusted you and you never let me down. You made me laugh (you make all of us laugh) and I felt so safe telling you anything. The program would never be the same without you! XO. ‘Colourful Glasses’, I learned SO MUCH in your class! Without a handout (99% of the time 😉 ) I still walked away a better person because of the knowledge you shared. You got me to break out of my shell and that’s not an easy task. Keep rocking those colours! And thank you for everything. ‘Nurture Your Spirit’, you helped me navigate my confused and cluttered heart. You always did a great job keeping us on track, and had the most wonderful advice. Thank you for listening to us so closely and never rushing our words; you’re a beautiful person. ‘Anxiety Magician’, I didn’t give you enough credit at the beginning of my school journey. Anxiety class gave me anxiety..but you taught me how to change that! (A MAJOR feat, trust me!) Your knowledge of every subject you taught always left me in awe. Thank you for sharing your wisdom and patience (I know I questioned a lot of things at first). You’re an amazing teacher. ‘Smiles and Patience’ (I know you’re laughing that I called you that…but that’s how I felt about you 😉 ) You rock. I loved having you as a teacher because you facilitated the best conversations. You somehow were always able to make silence turn into productivity! So impressive! I will be keeping my emotion tree on the fridge for everyone to see. You are a great guy! “Save my life school’ was a success because of ALL of you! I will miss you!
That’s all for tonight…I have a busy day ahead of me. And I’m exhausted from crying. Night XO
November 22, 2014 at 11:39 PM
I knew you’d feel uncomfortable having everything back – but I gave you everything back because 1) I trust you’ll make good decisions, and 2) it’s time! I have faith in you <3!!! And you really did make your bed 'hotel perfect'! My house isn't the same without you!!! Magyver and I miss you!! xo
LikeLiked by 1 person
November 22, 2014 at 11:43 PM
Until tomorrow night…all I can say is I LOVE YOU GUYS!…because I’m done with crying! XO
November 23, 2014 at 2:21 PM
Yknow … it struck me that if you’ve been strong for so long, having put on the brave face for so long, having been unable (for whatever the reason) to show sadness or vulnerability for so long … you just need to let the tears out you’ve kept in for so long 🙂
What’s worth the prize is always worth the fight … if it was easy, everyone would do it. But there’s innumerable value in doing the hard stuff.
Best of luck and nothing but positive thoughts from way up north … gentle on that soul 😉
LikeLiked by 1 person
November 23, 2014 at 5:09 PM
Always love reading your comments. Thank you Jeff 🙂 You are an excellent writer 🙂
November 23, 2014 at 8:42 PM
Now if only I could write this stuff into lyrics like, “The Dance”, I could sell it and retire! LMAO 😛
LikeLiked by 1 person
November 23, 2014 at 10:01 PM
Don’t forget me when you’re famous! 😀
November 24, 2014 at 6:23 AM
I’m as famous as I care to be right now 🙂
November 24, 2014 at 10:58 PM
Your blog postings have actually been a huge help this past week, (yes I binged through all of it in a week). I’ve been going through a rough spell and my biggest weakness has been asking for help. Because one of my defensive measures is to keep people at arms length my “Army” is quite small. You’re very lucky to have someone like AB in your life, I don’t have a bf because I haven’t let anyone fill that role in a long time. I saw a lot of me reading about your experiences, it was comforting and yet unnerving the similarities. Particularly the postings describing your overdoses, it struck a nerve. When going through the routine of going to bed I’d be gathering up my evening meds, and I have been catching myself staring at the Benadryl bottle. I’m having sleeping issues at the moment and have been finding myself wondering how many would it take to finally get some sleep. I so desperately want to sleep. But then reading your posts made me realize I’m in bigger trouble than I was willing to admit. So I started to reach out to my circle. So thank you Natalie for your blog and I hope things work out for you in Homewood. Good luck and happy early holidays.
Sarah
November 24, 2014 at 11:01 PM
HI Sarah! I’m so happy you have reached out for help! It’s so much easier said than done I know. I’m proud of you and so happy that my blogs helped if even in the smallest way. Please keep me posted on YOUR journey. BIG HUG!!!
November 24, 2014 at 11:21 PM
Thanks I will. I already made an appointment to my councillor and going to see my dr about a new med this week.Streetcars Heading Downriver
New Orleanians may still be getting used to the idea of a new streetcar line along Loyola Avenue. But the wheels are already turning on the next expansion of the streetcar system, the North Rampart/St. Claude Avenue streetcar line, which will carry passengers from the CBD along the edge of the French Quarter and the Tremé, and parts of the Faubourg Marigny and 7th Ward.
Officials with the Regional Transit Authority (RTA) have been making the rounds of community meetings as plans for the new service progress. At a recent meeting of the Newcity Neighborhood Partnership, for instance, RTA planning director Stefan Marks explains that the route was part of a long-term effort to restore more streetcar lines in a city once famous for them.
“This has been on the RTA’s table for years,” says Marks. “It’s about trying to build out the network, and the board is considering how to go beyond that now.”
The latest plan will extend for about 1.4 miles from Canal Street to Elysian Fields Avenue with six station stops for a total cost of about $75 million.
Plans for this streetcar service were once more ambitious. The RTA had earlier proposed a line running farther down St. Claude Avenue to Press Street, where freight train lines controlled by Norfolk Southern Railway impose a logistical barrier. But by 2011 the RTA scaled back, citing a lack of funding, to the current terminus at Elysian Fields Avenue.
Even with this short extension, however, complexities abound – from strategies to reduce streetcar noise near the soon-to-reopen Saenger Theatre to the management of underground utilities during construction. Engineering plans are still in development. Also, at this writing a critical issue of track placement – whether in lanes of traffic, in the neutral ground or in dedicated street level lanes – were still generating lots of discussion at community meetings. Still, RTA officials project that construction will begin in January, with completion slated for late 2015.
The RTA is expected to soon release a master plan, a citywide blueprint for restoring bus service still severely curtailed since Hurricane Katrina as well as future streetcar expansions. Marks says public input is an important part of keeping these plans relevant for residents.
“The RTA board will be looking at how the overall network should work,” he says. “We’re going to continue to get people’s feedback on what we should do, and what type of services we should have.”Trip Overview
Ecuador Bird Language & Tracking Expedition
Learn the language of the birds while searching for tracks and signs of animals in the tropical forests of Ecuador, a country with amazing biodiversity! Led by expert guides, you will learn how to recognize what the birds are saying about each other and any predators that are moving nearby, enabling you to piece together everything that is happening around you. You will visit two different ecosystems, a majestic cloud forest nd the Amazon basin tribal members will take you deep into the jungle to reveal the presence of its mysterious inhabitants, including the legendary jaguar!
Expedition Details
Trip Name:
Ecuador Bird Language and Tracking Expedition
Trip Dates:
September 4 - 16, 2016
Duration:
13 Days
Experience & Activity Level:
Previous tracking experience helpful but not required.
Participants should be in good physical condition and
be comfortable with high humidity, getting wet, etc.
Accommodation Style:
3-4 star jungle cabanas
Price:
$6,990 per person, ($1,690 single supplement)
Destinations:
- Capital City of Quito
- Bellavista Cloud Forest Reserve
- Amazon Napo Wildlife Center
Description:
Come to South America for an amazing adventure where you will learn the language of the birds in the tropical forests of Ecuador! Our specially trained guides will teach you the secrets for unlocking the sacred sounds of the cloud forest and the Amazon jungle, whose voices will tell you what ground animals are nearby, where they are moving, and what their intentions are as well as what threats are in the air or the tree canopies.
You will also look for animal tracks and other sign of the secretive floor dwellers including the jaguar, puma, ocelot, margay, tapir, peccary, and many others and perhaps even sight them as your follow their paths. In the Amazon, you will get to explore the depths of the jungle with the Añangu tribe who are the traditional inhabitants of this region and will show you along with your western guide how to read tracks, understand bird calls and other sounds of the jungle, and how they utilize the resources of the rain forest to survive and prosper.
You will start your journey with some cultural exploits in Quito, the capital city of Ecuador, visiting the colonial center with its magnificent Spanish cathedrals and fascinating museums detailing the history of the pre-European peoples and the changes that have occurred over the past few centuries. You will also visit the city’s botanical gardens and Vivarium, which will give you an introduction to the diverse flora and fauna of the country that you will encounter later on in your trip.
Next, you will head to the dramatic Bellavista Cloud Forest Reserve where you will start your exploration of this amazing biodiversity hotspot that contains over 300 species of birds to begin your bird language observations. You will spend several days here investigating different areas of the preserve and hence comparing the different behaviors of the birds in each area, as well as looking for the tracks of the animals that move through the understory while admiring the lush scenery and numerous waterfalls.
Following your departure from the cloud forest, you will be transported by canoe deep into the Amazon jungle at the Napo Wildlife Center, a premier jungle destination and research station. The next several days will be spent doing bird language observations in the jungle and going out with the Añangu tribe members looking for wildlife tracks and sign. You will hike along forest trails to the Añangu community of Kichwa to liaise with the locals and learn more about their culture and traditions.
This expedition will be a unique adventure that allows you the chance to experience sub-tropical and rain forest habitats up close, and more importantly to actually understand the complex interactions that are occurring at each moment between the creatures that reside here. Additionally, you will get to learn the ancient ways of a primitive hunter-gatherer people and how they have survived for eons in this challenging environment, so don’t miss out!Ajay Jadeja and Dinesh Karthik pick Mohammed Siraj’s replacement for the second T20I against New Zealand
Mohammed Siraj split the webbing in his hand in the first T20I against New Zealand.
Updated - Nov 18, 2021 12:13 pm
14.2K Views
Mohammed Siraj split the webbing in his hand in the first T20I against New Zealand and might not take part in the 2nd and 3rd T20I matches for the Indian side. And, Indian cricketers Dinesh Karthik and Ajay Jadeja have picked the players whom they feel can replace Siraj in the Indian playing XI.
Karthik feels that the ‘Men in Blue’ can play anyone out of Harshal Patel or Avesh Khan as a replacement for Siraj. The veteran wicket-keeper batsman added that Patel might be a better option as he can change his pace cleverly on a slow wicket in Ranchi.
Karthik also said that Avesh Khan might warrant a place in the Indian playing XI. Karthik opined that India already have two medium pacers in Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Deepak Chahar who operate around the 135 kmph mark, and Avesh Khan can bring with him the extra pace.
“Both of them are bowling at the best of their careers so far… So you can blindly play any one of them. I personally feel Harshal Patel will be better because obviously, you know, the change of pace in Ranchi [which is a] slightly slow wicket.
Avesh Khan is very good with slower ones as well but Harshal Patel is bowling with such good rhythm that you want to give him the opportunity and see what he brings to the table. But another way you look at it is – you have somebody who bowls 135 in Deepak Chahar and Bhuvi. If you want someone with more pace then the option is Avesh Khan. It’s a good headache to have,” said Karthik while speaking to Cricbuzz.
Harshal Patel is the one I will go with: Ajay Jadeja
Ajay Jadeja feels that Harshal Patel will be the right choice to replace Mohammed Siraj in the Indian side. Jadeja reasoned that when the batsmen are trying to dominate the proceedings, Patel can use his slower delivery to good effect. Jadeja also added that Patel can bowl in the powerplay overs as well as the death.
“The way Siraj was used, probably Harshal Patel because he bowled one in the powerplay and two right at the end… what he has done in the IPL, the reason why he’s been picked in the side – his strength is that when the game is moving at a different pace and the batsman is trying to dominate that’s when his slower one becomes more useful. If you have to use him the same way and the others around then Harshal is the one I’ll probably go with,” concluded Jadeja.Hazel Village Ivory Sweaters for Dolls, and we think they look great on boys or girls.Domain Road “The Water Race” Dry Riesling 2019
$20.80
The 'Water Race' Dry Riesling shows poise and balance, lemon and lime aromas, hints of stonefruit and honey on the palate and a good persistance on the finish . Domain Road Vineyard, like many others, relies on the industry of early settlers and their water races to produce its wines, including our Dry RieslingCleaning the seas of marine litter
Healthy Seas was founded in 2013 to tackle the ghost fishing phenomenon that is responsible for the needless death of marine animals. Through cleanups with volunteer divers and by working with stakeholders of the fishing sector toward marine litter prevention, we collect waste nets and ensure they become a valuable resource.
We’re All in it Together for a Sea Change
Our approach contributes toward a solution to ocean pollution, now and for the future.
Nylon fishing nets are regenerated together with other nylon waste by Aquafil into ECONYL® yarn while the other types of plastics are also reused or recycled.
Founding Partners
Get Inspired, Get Excited- Just Like Us!
Marcel KerstenBoard Chairman
Maria Giovanna SandriniBoard Treasurer
Eric RoosenBoard SecretaryFOR ALL FOLKS
Founded by María López Blanco, we are a gender-neutral Mexican brand that seeks to redefine personal care, understanding that today we want to solve basic needs in practical, fast and effective ways. We care about hydration, aromas and the sensory pleasures of life, that is why our products always seek to go further to generate health, well-being and enjoyment combining the best of the best of nature and science.
We appreciate the support of our volunteers, speakers, exhibitors, and sponsors. We hope that our attendees returned to their departments with valuable insights and connections. Check out our future conference dates below. We hope to see you back in Duluth in 2022!
October 19-22, 2022 | Duluth, Minn. October 18-21, 2023 | Duluth, Minn.October 16-19, 2024 | Duluth, Minn.October 15-18, 2025 | Duluth, Minn.October 14-17, 2026 | Duluth, Minn.
Minnesota State Fire Chiefs AssociationRotary motion mechanism
Shutter action times as fast as 250 ms (open-close)
Adjustable shutter speed
Option V: Endposition sensor and pneumatic switching valve
Automated shutter rotation with SCU
Use with mini rotary feedthrough
The Rotary Pneumatic Shutter Module - RPM - is a drive unit for rotary shutter motion. The angular range of motion can be adjusted between 10 to 200°. Its torque reaches 0,85 Nm at 6bar air supply.
A Festo type pneumatic pneumatic drive is used to toggle between open and close shutter positions. Shutter action times as fast as 250ms (open-close) are achieved with this unit. The speed can be adjusted by two independent throttle valves which are integrated in the air supply fittings.
The RPM can be equipped with end position sensors and a switching valve (Option -V). This setup can be operated with our shutter control units SCU and SCU6 / SCU12.
The RPM is a very compact unit. It is especially suitable in very compact source clusters with tight space.Transport geography can be better understood from a series of eight core principles:
- Transportation is the spatial linking of a derived demand. It takes place because of other economic activities for which it is linking its spatial components as flows of people, goods, and information. For instance, commuting is the spatial linking of labor flows resulting from the demand for labor at one location (e.g. a commercial district) and its supply at another (e.g. a residential district). A market economy could not function without the capacity of transportation to link supply and demand, allowing for the transaction to literally “take place”.
- Distance is a relative concept involving space (how much is accessible), time (the duration of transportation), and effort (the cost or energy expense). How distance is perceived is a function of the amount of effort made to overcome it, which is commonly expressed as transport costs. A longer physical distance traveled with ease (e.g, low cost or short amount of time) implies less distance than a shorter physical distance subject to delays, congestion, and high costs.
- Space is at the same time the generator, support, and a constraint for mobility. It is the formal context in which mobility takes place, so space can be a support for mobility as it will shape the nature and structure of the transport system. Spatial differences in attributes such as resources, employment, and population act as generators and attractors of movements. How space acts as a constraint for transport is often relative and paradoxical. For instance, oceans and rivers act as a constraint for land transport systems such as roads and railways but can support maritime transportation. While the atmosphere is the physical support for air transport operations (air corridors), the weather can be a constraining factor under specific circumstances (e.g. snowstorms, thunderstorms, hurricanes). Further, transportation is a space by itself, an activity space, implying that during the transportation process, either in modes or at terminals, socioeconomic activities are taking place.
- The relation between space and time can converge or diverge. Every form of transport involves the consumption of a unit of time in exchange for a given amount of space (this is how speed is measured). Over time this process has mostly converged, implying that a greater amount of space can be reached with the same amount of time (or the same amount of space can be reached with a lesser amount of time). This is jointly the outcome of technological improvements as well as a better capacity and extent of transport infrastructures. The relation between space and time can also diverge when congestion starts to be significant and that each additional unit in movement results in an increase in delays.
- A location can be a central or an intermediate element of mobility. Locations are central when they act as generators (origins) or attractors (destinations) of movements. Locations are labeled as intermediate when movements are passing (transiting) through on their way to other locations. Ports and airports are often intermediate locations since they act as gateways or hubs within their complex transport networks.
- To overcome geography, transportation must consume space. Transportation infrastructures are important consumers of space, which includes the right of way (e.g. roads and rail lines) as well as the terminals. Jointly they form transportation networks. The more extensive a transport system and the higher the mobility level, the more extensive its consumption of space. For instance, in highly motorized cities, roads and parking spaces can consume up to 50% of the land. Globalization has been linked with the setting of massive terminal facilities such as container ports, airports, and distribution centers. While space consumed by road infrastructure is mostly linked with local and regional activities, the space consumed by rail, port, and airport terminals is linked with activities taking place at a larger scale.
- Transportation seeks massification but is constrained by atomization. Transport systems are the most effective when they develop economies of scale, particularly in terms of the loads (passengers or freight) they can carry. Massification involves conveyances with higher capacity and supported by larger terminals. However, the first and last segments of a transport sequence may require atomization, which implies that transport loads (passengers or freight) must be consolidated and deconsolidated. For instance, passengers taking a flight must consolidated into a planeload at an airport terminal and deconsolidated at the airport of destination. So, the higher the level of massification, the more complex atomization becomes. Although public transit can technically be more cost-efficient, many prefer individual (atomized) modes of transportation such as the automobile because of its point-to-point capabilities.
- Velocity is a modal, intermodal, and managerial effort. Velocity does not necessarily mean speed, but the time it takes for a passenger or a unit of freight to move across a transport chain. For instance, the speed advantage of air transportation is undermined if a passenger is spending several hours between connecting flights. Therefore, the velocity of passengers or freight is a joint consideration of the effectiveness of the respective modes involved and the intermodal operations connecting the modes. Also, the complexity of transport systems requires effective management of its operations, such as scheduling and settling transactions (e.g. fares). All of the above jointly contribute to improving the velocity of flows carried by transport systems. Recent efforts at the digitalization of transportation aim to increase the velocity of transportation through better management of existing assets and by creating exchange platforms between providers and users of transportation services.The Riot Fest Foundation is excited to once again host the Douglass Park Beautification Initiative this year, with three days of park cleanups, job fairs, and complimentary ticket ... [Read More]
We’ve teaming up with the Descendents and Punk Rock & Paintbrushes to unveil a very limited-edition print of Milo Aukerman benefiting The Riot Fest Foundation. The print—a ... [Read More]
The Riot Fest Foundation once again has supported Alderman Cardenas’ 12th Ward Toy Drive. The Foundation donated approximately 30 toys to the program to be handed out to families... [Read More]
The Riot Fest Foundation would like to encourage you to Pitch In for the Parks. Pitch In for the Parks is a city-wide initiative, organized by the Chicago Parks Foundation, for v... [Read More]
Join The Riot Fest Foundation on July 31, 2020, for the 24th Ward’s Bike The Boulevard, a community bike ride through North Lawndale to promote public safety. The bike ride start... [Read More]
This July, you can help the homeless, get some exercise, and win prizes all at the same time. A Safe Haven Foundation will launch The Inaugural Global Virtual Run/Walk to End Homel... [Read More]
July 14th Race begins at 8:30AM This July, you can help the homeless, get some exercise, and win Riot Fest tickets all at the same time. A Safe Haven Foundation will launch ... [Read More]
Volunteers are needed each of the following dates from 10:00 am – 2:00 pm: ✶ Saturday, June 22 ✶ Saturday, June 29 ✶ Sunday, July 14 Riot Fest... [Read More]
Once again, The Riot Fest Foundation has teamed up with the Douglas Park Advisory Council for the Let’s Share The Warmth Coat Drive and are now accepting new and gently used coat... [Read More]
Volunteers are needed each of the following dates from 10:00 a.m.–2:00 p.m. • Sunday, July 15 • Saturday, August 11 • Sunday, August 19 Riot Fest Foundation is partnering ... [Read More]You will find that no matter what page or report you are on, you will have some exporting options available to you.
Exporting Options
Located to the top right of your screen, you will find 4 icons that represent your exporting options.
You will find that no matter what page or report you are on, you will have some exporting options available to you. These include:
Share via Email
- Selecting this option will open a popup window where you may enter in your information and that of the recipient you wish to send the direct link to the page you are sharing.
Schedule Export & Email CSV
- This third exporting option allows you to run or schedule a report via email or FTP. To use this function, click on the third icon (looks like a clock) and a popup window will appear.
- You can choose to run the export now or schedule the export.
- RUN EXPORT NOW will send you an email or FTP containing a CSV file of reviews for the filters set on your "All Reviews" page. If you selected review for your hotel for the last 6 months from all channels, you will receive the data for these specifications.
- SCHEDULE EXPORT will send you an email or FTP containing the data for the specified filters based on the time frame selected:
Exports up to 150 reviews or up to 100 surveys.
Download Center
To view your current exports, hover over REPORTS and select DOWNLOAD CENTER. Here you can view and manage you exports.
The 2018 Camp Fire ripped through the town of Paradise, California, in a matter of hours, killing at least 85 people, destroying 95 percent of the town’s buildings, and leaving 35,000 residents displaced.
Two years later, Community Housing Improvement Program (CHIP) is finally able to begin rebuilding its 36-apartment Paradise Community Village. It will be one of the first major residential reconstructions, providing needed affordable housing to the area, which has struggled to meet housing demand generated by the displacement, as well as from workers who have come in to rebuild.
“This day of celebration was a long time coming. We’ve faced so many hurdles getting here, and there were times when we thought we’d never be able to rebuild; that we’d never be standing here. There are still some challenges that we face. But we have seen the power of partnership, and what we can accomplish and what we can do together. We know we will overcome and be able to build this project,” Seana O’ Shaughnessy, President and CEO OF CHIP said in the Facebook Live-streamed groundbreaking ceremony.
“It’s a great addition to our community. The town of Paradise really needs this type of housing, now especially after the fire. We do need to have affordable units that are safe and decent and wonderful places to live. If anyone can make this happen, it’s [CHIP],” former Paradise Town Manager Lauren Gill said on the livestream. “I’m so happy they are going to rebuild the project in Paradise.”
Sen. Dianne Feinstein toured the community after the fire, surprised by how widespread it was. She realized how unpredictable fire is. “I want to salute you all for being so strong, and I want you to know you have a supporter here in the Senate, and I will help you with anything you need,” Sen. Feinstein said.
Rep. Doug LaMalfa said, “We know the need for more housing that is affordable is extremely important, and getting people back up on the ridge to their homes.”
The new complex will replicate the original and be rebuilt by the original general contractor. It will feature the same mix of one- to three-bedroom apartments with affordability from 30-60% AMI ($20,000-$40,000 for a family of four.)
CHIP will finance the reconstruction mainly from insurance settlement proceeds, as well as FEMA funds and private donations. While the bulk of the insurance settlement funds were already received, CHIP was still negotiating with the insurer for the remaining $2 million they expected to receive. CHIP reached out to NeighborWorks Capital and requested a $2 million line of credit to ensure it had additional funding available to cover construction costs in the event of either a short-term delay or payment being held until the project is finished. NC underwrote and approved the request in 28 days, understanding the urgency needed to keep the new construction on pace.
The development has received a great deal of support, between grant funds, donations, technical assistance and project approvals from the county, FEMA, the local community, and other local nonprofits. They have HOME, LIHTC, and AHP subsidies for the project. Major donors and the county have said they would provide further additional funds if there are any cost issues.
Completed in 2013, Paradise Community Village was the town’s largest affordable apartment development. It burned to the ground during the Camp Creek Road Fires in November 2018, at the time the deadliest and most destructive in California history, and the most expensive global natural disaster that year in terms of insured losses. The fire occurred when California was already impacted by a housing crisis, with low vacancy rates and ever-increasing costs to rebuild. Regionally, there is tremendous need for affordable housing, now more than ever.
The effort to rebuild Paradise Community Village was delayed by the community-wide devastation. Since the fires, CHIP has completed nearly 20 months of debris removal, clearing the property’s water of contamination, navigating the FEMA process, finalizing the plan update and review, and completing the procurement process. While work on the project began in late July, unfortunately, a recent groundbreaking ceremony was delayed due to another fire in the area.
In addition, destroyed property built using LIHTCs needs to be rebuilt in two years, or the government will recapture the tax credits. For Paradise, that deadline is this December, and CHIP requested an extension, hearing nothing for months. The IRS finally sent a letter of denial – the day of the first anniversary of the fire. CHIP has continued appealing to the IRS for an extension.
In 2015, CHIP borrowed a $1.2M land acquisition loan from NeighborWorks Capital for their Fox Run 2 project. In early 2019, they also borrowed a $300k Federal Funding Interruption Bridge Loan to keep construction moving on self-help housing development.
ABOUT CHIP
Originally founded in 1973 as a partnership between CSU Chico and the City of Chico, CHIP’s original purpose was to improve a small neighborhood south of campus through a housing rehab program. In 1980, they diversified operations by becoming a USDA Self-Help Housing grantee and expanded to several counties. In 1991 CHIP changed their name to Community Housing Improvement Program, Incorporated. CHIP is based in Chico, California and provides healthy, sustainable, affordable housing to qualified residents in seven North Valley counties. It has built nearly 2,000 single-family homes and over 700 rental homes and apartments and is acknowledged as an innovator and leader in affordable housing issues in rural and urban areas.Is WWE Ready For A Lethal Injection? by Ron Pasceri
For anyone that isn’t familiar with Jay Lethal, you really should be. If you’re not, you might be soon according to recent rumors. Lethal denied that he’s had any contact with WWE, but where there is smoke, there’s typically fire and he is just the sort of talent WWE is looking for.
He is incredibly seasoned, having spent time in various promotions since 2001. Lethal has seen significant TV time in both TNA and and most recently with Ring of Honor, where he has worked in numerous gimmicks as both a singles and tag team wrestler with some of the biggest names in the business. He’s worked with legends like Ric Flair, Kurt Angle, Kevin Nash and CM Punk. He’s worked with current WWE talents Kevin Owens, Xavier Woods, Sami Zayn and Cesaro.
Despite being 14 years into his career, he’s just entering his prime at 30 years of age. His recent work rate shows no signs of slowing down. His work in the ring is excellent and his work on the mic is both entertaining and effective. He wouldn’t need a significant amount of time in developmental and there is actually an interesting story waiting for him at NXT with his former mentor Samoa Joe. He could even be ready for the main roster on day one if WWE signs him and if he chose to join the WWE Universe.
You may be wondering why I used the word “if” twice in that last sentence. I’ll be clear that the if is solely on the side of Jay Lethal. It is an absolute no-brainer that WWE should be interested in that type of talent. He’s had tremendous success everywhere he’s gone and he’s been over as both a babyface and a heel. He’s been over while being both serious and comedic. His range as a performer is probably as wide as anyone currently on the WWE roster.
I first noticed Jay Lethal during his run as Black Machismo in TNA. I wasn’t really watching WWE at the time, but flipping channels I saw this guy dressed as Randy Savage, entering the ring to a remix of “Pomp and Circumstance” and doing the Macho Man’s patented spin. In addition to the physical mannerisms, he also did spot on Macho Man promos. It was impossible to not enjoy it and I always wanted to see more.
Later, he moved on to Ric Flair. He came out in a suit yelling “Wooo!” while holding up four fingers. He followed that up with a perfect impression of the “Nature Boy”. This led to a heated feud where Lethal continued to imitate Flair, including one of my favorite promos of all time (watch it below). It eventually led to him defeating Flair with a figure-four leg lock.
In the ring he displays a vast and creative offensive arsenal that would please fans of both technical wrestling and high spots. His “Lethal Injection”, which is basically a handspring into and off of the ropes into an RKO, is one of the most impressive finishers in the industry. He is also an expert in the art of selling as well as the psychology of wrestling. So yeah, he’d be a great addition to either NXT or WWE and they’d be foolish to not at least reach out to him.
Now why would Jay Lethal even think twice about accepting an offer from WWE? He probably would jump at the chance, as he’s said it would be an honor to be a part of the promotion that made him a fan in the first place. Despite his tremendous success, especially recently, he’s still probably not as well known as most WWE mid-carders. So an opportunity to shine on the world’s biggest stage would probably be too much to pass up. But that doesn’t necessarily mean the jump would be worth it.
Jay Lethal is a true student of the game. He prides himself on understanding all the nuance in every facet of the professional wrestling game. He often calls himself the best pro wrestler in the world. One of his taglines is that he’s “The Greatest First Generation Wrestler”. He also says that it’s great to be the champion of a promotion that is known for it’s wrestling. Wrestling is a key part of Lethal’s persona and WWE tends to shy away from all things wrestling. It makes me fear that they wouldn’t really know what to do with him.
Add that fear to his current situation in Ring of Honor. After a year as the World Television Champion, he started an angle that because his title was defended more often than the World title, it was the more important of the two. He had the word “Television” removed from the belt so it simply said “World Champion”. This culminated with a match against Ring of Honor Champion Jay Briscoe with both titles on the line. This may sound familiar, as WWE did the same thing two months later at SummerSlam. Lethal would win the match to become a double champion. Again, WWE did the same thing two months later.
So while WWE mimicked Ring of Honor’s crowning of a double champion, their path in storytelling hasn’t been quite the same. Jay Lethal was a longtime Television Champion who battled his way to a World Championship. Upon winning the World title he was given a choice of which one he’d defend and which he’d vacate. He said he had earned both and would defend both, even if it meant he’d have to defend both titles in separate matches on the same night.
Over the past three months, he’s defended the Television Championship four times and the World Championship three times. His most recent defenses were on Friday night, when he defended both on the same night, both opening and closing the show at All-Star Extravaganza 7. Not only did he successfully defend both titles, but as a heel champion, he defended them both by cheating. He’ll do anything to hold onto those belts even if he may not necessarily always deserve to.
Aside from his action in the ring, the ROH announcers actually make mention of the fact that he’s doing something unprecedented. They make mention of the fact that the heavy workload has to be taking a toll on him physically and mentally. His stature is being elevated by the commentators and eventually when he loses one or both titles, it will be because he is human and could only take on so much.
While it’s not exactly a groundbreaking story, it’s compelling and interesting. While you know how it will ultimately end, you don’t know when it will end and it keeps you coming back to find out. It actually reminds me of one of my favorite Batman stories, Knightfall. In that story, Bane, a hulking genius as many of you know, figures out Batman is Bruce Wayne. He sets free all of Gotham City’s villains and over the course of several issues, Batman has to recapture them all, taxing his body and mind past his human limits. This is when Bane swoops in and pummels Batman to the point of a broken back.
Will Bane show up in Ring of Honor? No, but Jay Lethal will ultimately be pushed past his own limits and lose what he’s fought so hard for as an almost tragic ending to an epic individual story. In the course of telling that story, Lethal has truly bee made the face of his company and whoever eventually unseats him will look even better for it. How does that sound when compared to what WWE has done with Seth Rollins?
Rollins is great, and I believe he is probably the best in the business, so this is no slight on him. His journey to the United States Championship wasn’t really a journey at all. Basically John Cena took exception to Seth’s behavior and they were booked for a match at SummerSlam. Rollins won with help from Jon Stewart, which is fine because he is a heel champion. After winning the U.S. title, Seth never defended it. He just lost it right back to Cena last night.
I may be in the minority here, but, even though the two Rollins-Cena matches were great, it feels to me like WWE put the two titles on Seth just to say they did it. There was no build to the story, there ultimately really was no story at all. It basically ended last night with WWE saying, “Seth Rollins may be the World Heavyweight Champion, but John Cena is still better.” Then, even though he retained the World title against Sting, the story WWE told ended with the return of the “Demon Kane” again. Ring of Honor is known strictly for wrestling, but in this instance they’ve definitely outdone WWE in storytelling.
Again, I think Jay Lethal would accept the challenge of joining WWE. I also think he should, as it is the biggest game in town and he deserves to be there. As a fan, I have reservations that he may come to WWE and be promptly buried. I worry that he ends up like Damien Sandow, a talented guy who makes the most of his opportunities with no reward. After his release from TNA in 2011, being misused on the WWE roster probably wouldn’t be the worst thing in the world. He has catchphrase that what doesn’t kill you makes you Lethal. Here’s to hoping he gets to prove that he’s ready to make the leap.Rasberry Leaf Single Herbal Tincture
Rasberry Leaf Single Herbal Tincture
Details
PLU 4490
Promotions
Free Gift when you spend £45
£15.00 / 300 ml
Product Actions
Additional Information
Latin name - Rubus Idius. Herbal tinctures are made by extracting the herbal constituents of a plant in a mixture of water and alcohol.. When pregnant begin with a lower dose once a day from the third month, increasing to a higher dose three times a day from the sixth month onwards. Continue after the birth, once to three times daily, to tone and strengthen pelvic tissues and to increase milk production. 1ml of tincture typically provides a minimum of 250mg of extracted herb. This should give a Herb-to-Liquid ratio of 1:5.
Water, organic rye alcohol, raspberry leaf.
- £8.50 / 150 ml“The Young and the Restless” spoilers for Tuesday, August 11, tease that Jack (Peter Bergman) will assure Phyllis (Gina Tognoni) that he won’t let Marco (Peter Bergman) hurt her again. Phyllis will bring up Marisa (Sofia Pernas), but Jack will argue that she isn’t the enemy. Phyllis will feel like something is going on between Jack and Marisa. Jack will be shocked that Phyllis would think he betrayed her. Phyllis will believe Jack is implying she was unfaithful to him and she’ll stomp off.
Mariah (Camryn Grimes) will do a little spying at the athletic club. When Marisa catches her sitting nearby, Mariah will make up an excuse for being there. Marisa will let Mariah know that she truly wants Marco to pay for what he’s done. Meanwhile, Kevin (Greg Rikaart) will do some snooping of his own in Detective Harding’s (Chris McKenna) office. Kevin will come across a receipt for a lantern, some snare wire, a hunting knife and a survival guide.
In light of his findings, Kevin will decide he needs to keep an eye on Harding. When Harding catches Kevin following him, Kevin will demand to know what’s up with all the survival gear. Mariah will arrive and Harding will say that he’s going camping. Harding will add that Paul (Doug Davidson) approved it weeks ago. After Harding is gone, Kevin and Mariah will admit that they don’t have any real news to report. However, Kevin will declare that they’re going on a camping trip that could clear things up.
Other “Young and the Restless” spoilers reveal that Phyllis will confront Marisa about her relationship with Jack. Marisa will insist that her only goal was to help Jack get home to the woman he loves. Eventually, Phyllis will apologize for jumping to conclusions. Phyllis will say she’s mainly angry with herself for letting Marco fool her.
At the rooftop bar, Stitch (Sean Carrigan) and Ashley (Eileen Davidson) will touch hands as they wrap up their deep conversation. When they let go, Abby (Melissa Ordway) will approach and ask what she missed. Stitch will say he doesn’t want to burden her with his problems, but Abby will urge him not to shut her out. Abby won’t want to be a mere distraction in Stitch’s life. Later, Stitch will open up to Abby a bit and they’ll embrace. Abby will begin taking Stitch’s clothes off in her room and they’ll kiss passionately.
Ashley will head over to see Jack and question him about the Paragon Project. Jack will believe that someone wanted Victor (Eric Braeden) to think Jack was plotting against him. Likewise, someone wanted Jack to come after Victor. Jack will look at the newspaper sketch of the man that’s supposed to be Marco and indicate that it’s the only idea that makes sense.
Chelsea (Melissa Claire Egan) will tell Adam (Justin Hartley) that she won’t agree to stay in Paris forever, but she’ll stay there with him for a week. Adam will be grateful and mention taking her to the top of the Eiffel Tower. Chelsea will reply that she just wants to act like a regular family. Adam will have a soccer jersey that he wants to give to Connor (Michael and Nolan Webb) for his birthday. Chelsea will realize that Adam sent a soccer ball anonymously to Connor last year. Adam will confess that he’s been watching them so he wouldn’t miss the milestones.
Chelsea will put it together that Adam was using the camera in Connor’s room and she’ll get upset. However, Chelsea will decide they just need a clean slate. They’ll share some cake with Connor and try to have a good time. Meanwhile, Detective Harding will show up at the cabin and shout for anyone in there to freeze. Marco will smile smugly and ask, “Are you going to shoot me, Detective?” It’s clear that Harding and Marco are in cahoots. Y&R rumors hint that the jig may be up before long. Stick with the CBS soap for updates on the drama that’s about to go down.
So Y&R fans, what do you think about these “Young and the Restless” spoilers? Voice your opinion in the comments below and don’t forget to check CDL tomorrow for the latest “Young and the Restless” spoilers, rumors, updates and news.The effects of rheological properties of wall materials on morphology and particle size distribution of microcapsule
Y. Xie, A. Wang, Q. Lu, M. Hui Y., Wang A., Lu Q., Hui M. (2010): The effects of rheological properties of wall materials on morphology and particle size distribution of microcapsule. Czech J. Food Sci., 28: 433-439.
The effects of rheological properties of the wall materials on the morphology and particle size distribution of microcapsules prepared by spray-drying were evaluated. Gelatin-sucrose (Gel-Suc), gelatin-peach-gum-sucrose (Gel-PG-Suc), and HI-CAP 100 were used as wall materials with vitamin A as a model core material. Scanning electron microscopy (SEM) showed that microcapsules produced with Gel-Suc exhibited cracks while Gel-PG-Suc produced a smooth surface with few pores, and HI-CAP100 a rounded surface containing characteristic concavities. The volume average diameter (D4,3) showed significant variations from 73.9 ± 1.02 µm and 68.7 ± 0.85 µm to 29.9 ± 0.94 µm (P < 0.05). Rheometry indicated that the wall paste viscosity was inversely proportional to the shear rate. Viscosity ranking was Gel-Suc > Gel-PG-Suc > HI-CAP 100. Gel-Suc showed the highest elastic modulus (G') and viscous modulus (G'' values), followed by Gel-PG-Suc and HI-CAP 100. Gel-Suc was associated with moderate quantities of broken microcapsules while HI-CAP 100 generated numerous microcapsules with characteristic dents generated during spray-drying.Keywords:
microcapsule; wall materials; rheological properties; morphology; particle size; spray-dryingLocked Out of Car in Germantown, OH? Lost Car Key Service Germantown, OH
Car Unlockers of Germantown, Ohio (45327) Technicians Provide Superb Services
Outstanding Services Provided
Outstanding professionals who provide best services to the customers concerning car keys in Germantown locality are what Car Unlockers of Germantown Ohio comprises of. Car Unlockers of Germantown OH consists of men who’re splendid in offering facilities associated with car keys in Germantown area. Our men are professionals who provide fantastic facilities in working with obstacles of car keys in Germantown area.
An array of offers in Germantown, OH (45327)
Car Unlockers of Germantown OH comprises of key technicians who provide variety of amenities to patrons connected with auto keys in Ohio area. Car Unlockers of Germantown OH comprises of superior technologists who are skilled in offering fine facilities linked to auto keys in Ohio region. All of our men are experts in providing services like:
- Car Door Unlocking
- Locked My Car Keys
- Car Key Locksmith Services
- Open Locked Car
- Automotive Locksmith Services
- Car Keys
- Car Locksmith
On Time Services Given by Technocrats
Car Unlockers of Germantown Ohio can provide you the right solution you need when you experience auto key issues. Don’t hesitate about getting the services of Car Unlockers of Germantown OH when you’re dealing with these problems.
Zip: 45327
Area Code: 937
Locksmiths near Germantown OH
Locksmiths in the 937 area code(same as that of GermantProperty Attributes
- ID#221101676
- TypeLot-Land
- CountySAN JOAQUIN
- CityStockton
- Area20701
- Zip95204
- StyleCommercial Lot
- Price$ 1,050,000
- Bedrooms0
- Full Bathrooms0
- Half Bathrooms0
- Lot Size0.37 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Erin M. Custer CalBRE# - 01491778 with PMZ Real Estate
Data Source:
MetroList - 47 -CA
Property Description
Property located at the busy intersection of Harding & El Dorado in Historic Stockton. This desirable corner lot is being sold with adjoining lots APN#127-080-16 and APN# 1227-080-17. Price for all three(3) lots is $2,100,000.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolBecoming more self-aware plays such an important part in making informed career decisions. When I talk about self-awareness, I am referring to things like your interests, skills, values and motivations. Taking the time to reflect on these critical areas is not only important for developing meaningful career goals, but also confidentially selling yourself during the job search process both verbally and on paper.
Questions to ask yourself to help you become more self-aware could include:
What sets you apart?
This is about identifying your skills (including transferrable skills), knowledge, experience and strengths.
What do you enjoy most?
Have a think about your key interests and the types of things that inspire you and make you happy. I like to think about it as those things that really energise you and that you are passionate about.
What’s important to you?
We all have values, and it’s important that they are aligned with career direction. We also have certain motivators and preferences for career choices. For example, balancing family and work may be a key priority for you.
To better understand ourselves, self-exploration activities allow us to reflect on those important unique aspects about ourselves. This can really assist in developing satisfying and meaningful career goals, which can lead to more realistic job expectations, a better chance of job satisfaction, and a good chance of a positive alignment with work environments.
Some of the self-exploration activities you could undertake include career quiz’s, personality tests, and character strengths surveys to name a few. Some other options include simply asking for feedback from others (family are always good for honest feedback!), or maybe do some journaling to ‘check in’ with yourself.
There are some really great free resources available online to undertake self-exploration activities. If you want to try some out for yourself, you may enjoy the options available on the below sites:
VIA Institute on Character
It’s also important to remember that our interests, skills, values and motivators change over time, that’s why taking the time to reflect on these at different intervals in life can be such a valuable process to better understand ourselves.
Check out career workshops and 1:1 career services which can provide you with the knowledge and tools to undertake some effective self-exploration activities, as well as improve your career management skills and boost employability. For the next available workshop date visit At the Helm Career Services.OverviewFrom the fit, to the fabric, this premium men’s pullover hooded sweatshirt has everything you need in an everyday wear hoodie. Built to last, this heavy-weight hoody provides durability, comfort, and warmth thanks to its 10 oz cotton-polyester blended fleece.
FEATURES
- 10 oz fleece
- Heather: 52/48 Cotton Polyester blend
- Adult sizes, standard fit
- Lined hood with drawcord
- 1x1 rib knit cuffs and hem band
Fabric Weight
10 oz Fleece
Material
Cotton-Polyester Blend
Fit
Adult Sizes, Standard Fit
Ultralight Western HoodieWalmart Neighborhood Market is located in Los Angeles County of California state. On the street of Paramount Boulevard and street number is 12270. To communicate or ask something with the place, the Phone number is (562) 622-4891. You can get more information from their website.
The coordinates that you can use in navigation applications to get to find Walmart Neighborhood Market quickly are 33.9281895 ,-118.1477701
Lots of fresh produce and good prices on merchandise, fast check out!
Well location, has everything you need for quick shopping.
They always have and I'm looking for and I'm always in-n-out quick which is important I love my neighborhood Walmart however I'm very disappointed that they know longer carry the 10 pack of monster do the people stealing it but the other than that though always have everything I need thank you Walmart.
I needed to go pick uo eggs and cheese really fast. Did self checkout and was done in 5-minutes. From pull up to pull out!
I enjoyed my shopping experience there yesterday to pick up cleaning products. I am very familiar with the layout of the store, so my time spent in store was short, and I used the self checkout. Found everything I was looking for in stock.Engine No.1
- Job Title: IT Support Engineer
Qualifications
- Demonstrable expertise in managing client interactions, and supporting business users
- Ability to interact and present in front of an audience (including clients)
- Experience with Windows, MacOS, iPadOS, iOS, AWS and Microsoft 365
- Expertise in project management, service support, continuous improvement, requirements development, analysis, compliance, and cybersecurity
- BS in Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, or relevant work experience preferred
Everlane
- Job Title: Seasonal Ambassador
Qualifications:
- Experience in retail, sales or the service industry
- A passion for helping others and enjoys being apart of a team
- The ability to multi-task and pivot quickly while working in a fast paced and ever changing environment
- Have exceptional communication skills and are comfortable receiving feedback
- Ambition to learn and grow from others
- A fan of Everlane, our product, and our values
The RealReal
- Job Title: Janitor
Qualifications:
- 2-3 years experience is preferred
- Must be able to lift heavy boxes up to 20 lbs. and stand/walk for extended periods of time
- Schedule requirement: Weekdays and weekends included. Day shift.
- Provide general janitorial support, helping the Facilities Manager with tasks/setups upon request
- Prepare coffee upon request; providing support to help enhance the consignor and customer experience
- Refill, stock, vacuuming/sweeping/mopping, general cleaning, empty trash and recyclables, etc
BrightEdge
- Job Title: Front Desk Receptionist
Qualifications:
- Must have strong verbal and written communication skills
- Passion for entrepreneurial communities
- Exceptional organizational and multitasking skills
- College graduate with a four-year degree preferred, but not required
- Demonstrate integrity, dependability, responsibility, accountability, self-awareness, work ethic, and empathy
- Proficient in basic computer skills
Kaiser Permanente
- Job Title: Medical Assistant – Grade 180
- Demonstrated ability to use personal computer
Redfin
- Job Title: Journeyman Painter
Qualifications:
- Must have experience leading a paint crew and be comfortable with giving direction to crew members
- Excellent time management. Experience in following and setting deadlines, and driving towards completion
- Facility using and learning new technologies, must have smartphone skills and Microsoft office skills
- Ability to carry heavy items up to 50 pounds
- Clean driving history
- Must have customer service experience and being able to troubleshoot difficult situations
Aura
- Job Title: Recruitment Coordinator
Qualifications:
- 1+ year of experience as Recruiting Coordinator in a high volume, fast paced role, preferably a startup
- Experience using iCIMS, Greenhouse or similar Applicant Tracking Software
- Have outstanding communication, organizational, attention to detail and problem-solving skills
- You embrace change with a great attitude and feel comfortable with ambiguity
- You are a whiz with organization and like building efficient processes for other people to use
Prep Cook/Baker
- Job Title: Mastros Steakhouse San Francisco
Qualifications:
- Aspire to our “Be FAIR” ideals: Be Friendly, Accommodating, Inclusive and Respectful
- Are a Team Player with a guest first attitude
- Have 1+ year fine dining Prep Cook or Baking experience
- Have a passion for great food and great fun
- Are comfortable working in fast-paced environmentNation Heads for Financial Meltdown, Congress Gets Drunk
When you look at all of the disfunction in Washington DC don’t you just think: “Hey, these are the actions a drunk person!” Well, that just might be closer to the truth than you may have thought.
When congress has a budget to pass, with the threat of a government shutdown looming, what do they do? They get drunk. At least that’s what Sam Stein, Political Editor and White House Correspondent for the Huffington Post, tweeted Monday night.
Way to keep it Classy DC!We can help
Junior Breeze Oscillating USB Table Fan is a simple and small fan that delivers a wide path of air. Features a DC motor is designed for optimal performance. Available in Brushed Nickel. Includes safety cage and USB power cord. UL listed.
1
FP6272BN
FAN621113
Price: $43.98Add To cart
We will contact you as soon as we can.Classic Homeware & Gifts Top Coupons & Promo Codes
- All Coupons (2)
- Coupon Codes (2)
- Special Deals (0)
-
-
-
-
- 25% OFF
Extra 25% Off Regular Items With Coupon Code
Click and get this deal from classichomewaregifts.com.au. Best sellers will be the first to go.
Sell More Calvin Klein NZ Coupon CodesGet CodeGETDEAL25
- 20% OFF
Save 20% on Select Items with Promo Code
Make your purchase now and save big at classichomewaregifts.com.au. Feel-good shopping.
Sell More Crocusa Coupon CodesGet CodeGETOFFER20
- 25% OFF
Extra 25% Off Select Items With Coupon Code
A big deal from classichomewaregifts.com.au that you can't miss! Such quality and price are hard to come by.
Sell More Couponcause Coupon CodesGet CodeSUMMER25
- 25% OFF
Couponcause Promo Codes and Offers 2021
Experience major savings with great deals at classichomewaregifts.com.au. Hurry before the deals are gone.
Sell More Couponcause Coupon CodesGet CodeSAVING
- 5% OFF
5% Off Your First Order With Promo Code
Take this great opportunity to save a ton of money using classichomewaregifts.com.au coupon code! Don't miss this deal or you will regret it.
Sell More carl prediger gmbh & co. kg DE Coupon CodesGet CodeSALE5
- 15% OFF
Additional 15% Off Regular Items With Coupon Code
classichomewaregifts.com.au promo codes is needed for this deal. Savings you can see.
Sell More carl prediger gmbh & co. kg DE Coupon CodesGet CodeSUMMER15
Other Popular Coupons
Classic Homeware & Classic Homeware & Gifts
It's a real pain to have to search for physical coupons, cut them out and tote them around in your purse or wallet until you visit the store. When you find the right promotional code for classichomewaregifts.
Classic Homeware & Gifts Social Media Links
Find yourself and your favorites, following this brand on various social media channels. On Twitter, Facebook, google. classichomewaregifts Classic Homeware & Gifts Coupon Codes
Choose your favorite product and add to your shopping cart. Second, copy and paste the classichomewaregifts. classichomewaregifts.com.au is the best online destination to shop for.Ever wondered what your sleep position says about you?
No, neither have we.
Because generally, it means that is the position you fall asleep in and little else. It is in absolutely no way linked to your personality, unless you fall asleep in a clown costume, singing Beyoncé songs and doing the can-can — in which case, it might say you’re an extrovert.
But where’s the fun in that? If sleep positions did mean anything, then we would like to think it was something along the lines of the following…
Starfish: You literally want to be a starfish, this is your life’s ambition. Sometimes you stick on extra fake legs and lay in the bath.
Side sleeper: You like to pretend you are a fence. Probably for people who are indecisive. Except instead of being on the fence, you are the fence. Get it?!
Fetal: Life is just too hard and you would prefer to return to the womb. You crave warmth and safety and amniotic fluid (ok, maybe not the last one).
Pillow hugger: You have strong feelings for inanimate objects. And we don’t blame you – they don’t snore, hog the cover or kick you in the middle of the night.
Log: You’re feeling restless. Why? Because you lack roots. *Insert drum noise that we’re not sure how to write phonetically*
Yearner: You experience intense cravings, probably for silly articles to stop telling you who you are as a person based on the way you lie when you’re in bed. Or Nutella – because who doesn’t crave Nutella?
Free fall: You’re too lazy to exercise and are hoping to use gravity to lose weight by allowing it to push your stomach back in. Nice try, we like your thinking.
So, there we have it – a totally pointless guide to sleep position personalities that mean absolutely nothing.
The good news is that because we know a lot about sleeping habits, we have been able to create one perfect mattress that suits them all. To find out more about how your bedtime behaviour impacts your daytime self.Contact Lee Family Dentistry
If you have a question for us, or would like more information, please don’t hesitate to contact us. We look forward to hearing from you!
Address
Suite 103
Charlottesville, VA 22901
Telephone
Phone: Lee Family Dentistry Phone Number 434-293-9916
Office Hours
Online Map & Driving Directions
If this is the first time that you are visiting us, the mapping service below will assist you in finding our location. Just fill out the form, and you will be presented with directions that include a map, the travel time, and distance. If you need any additional information, please contact us at Lee Family Dentistry Phone Number 434-293-9916.Most Chitwan health facilities flouting government guidelines
Chitwan, June 10
Although a new hospital must be set up at least a kilometre away from another hospital of the same standard as per the Guidelines for Health Institutions Established Upgrade Standard 2070, as many as 22 private hospitals are running within a short distance from the Bharatpur Hospital in Chitwan.
Besides the provision for distance, many hospitals have been flouting several other criteria.
Chief of the District Public Health Office, Chitwan Madusudan Koirala said the office renews licenses of hospitals with up to 25-bed capacity.
“As our jurisdiction is limited to only 25-bed capacity hospitals, we are unaware of the license renewal status of other hospitals beyond that capacity,” he remarked.
Chitwan has six 25-bed capacity hospitals, and 16 government and private hospitals, and a medical college exceeding the capacity.
As per the guideline, District Public Health Office, Regional Health Directorate, Health Department, and the Ministry of Health issue and renew operating licenses of hospitals with 25, 26-50, 51-200, and 201 plus bed capacities respectively.
Regarding the status of license of hospitals, DPHO officer Ishwori Pokharel said two of the six 25-bed capacity hospitals have yet to get their service license renewed.
Similarly, regarding the 25-plus bed capacity hospitals, as many as 12 have yet to get their operating license renewed from the concerned authorities.
Narayansingh Kunwar, chairperson of Private Hospitals Coordination Committee, Chitwan acknowledged that there were many criterion-related problems resulting in the delay of license renewal of hospitals.
“We do recognise the difficulty but problem has surfaced due to the lack of implementation of an agreement with the ministry last year,” he said, adding that the agreement had allowed hospitals to meet the criteria gradually.
The guideline further states that the hospital must own sufficiently large area of land and the site must be free from all sorts of pollution. If the hospital does not own enough land, a 25-bed capacity hospital must have a land leasing agreement for 15 years before developing infrastructures, and coming into operation.
The structures built must also be quake-resistant and in line with the building code.
The guideline further states that 25-bed capacity hospitals seeking to upgrade, and 50-plus bed capacity hospitals must own their own buildings.
There are many other criteria that most of the hospitals operating from poorly equipped rented facilities built for residential purpose cannot fulfil.Wednesday, Ma10 March 2021 12:00-13:15 CET Space Microgrids – NanoSats, Lunar Bases and Closed Ecosystems This talk will begin by introducing the control of microgrids, the parallelisms with the [...]
Laura is working in Trannsformation and Innovation Manager in Ford Motor Company. She manages engineering projects based on: Robotics, Automated Vehicles, AI and Data Analitics, Artificial [...]
Larisa Dunai, Associate Professor at UPV, obtained her MSc degree in Electronic Engineering in 2003 from Technical University of Moldova and a Master degree in Electronic Engineering in 2004 at [...]Panther has all the features required for comfort and easy use in pantograph and ball key duplicating systems. There are three separate and independent key attachment points on the vise.
Vertical suspension system operates with just one movement upon demand. This is designed to be a supporter system for the user during duplication of point processed keys.
Horizontal and Vertical fixation system that is required in creation of point processed keys is also beneficial in channeling processes.
Electronically controlled adjustment system enables adjustments to be made on a sensitivity of 0,01 in + and –. Since the adjustment system operates digitally, it enables optional operations as well.
Spring system, which eases pantograph duplicating, enhances the operation performance by eliminating manual press.
Vertical fixation system eases duplicating of pantograph type keys and channeling processes.
Touch screen control panel has a stylish appearance and easy to use ergonomics. Button structure that is produced with nanotechnology is protected against all kinds of failures.Daystar Technology has cut prices on its CPU upgrades for flat panel iMac G4 systems, reducing the cost to as low as US$449. Daystar claims the upgrades can more than double the real-world performance of iMac G4 systems.
Daystar’s 1.35GHz upgrade works with iMac 700/800MHz systems and costs $449. The 1.92GHz upgrade works with the iMac 1.0/1.25GHz systems and costs $499. When the 1.356GHz upgrade was first offered, it cost $548. When the 1.92GHz upgrade was first offered, it cost $588. Both upgrades double Level 2 cache size from 256KB to 512KB.
Daystar is offering new shipping options, as well to shlp tailor the speed and cost of the delivery and upgrading, including a three way option that includes the preshipment of a delivery box, return of the unit to Daystar, then return of the upgraded and tested system to you.
Note: When you purchase something after clicking links in our articles, we may earn a small commission. Read our affiliate link policy for more details.Fashion pop toy, the perfect gift for adults.
More FunA great gift for fans
New Style Plush toy , exquisite craftsmanship, delicate design, and great workman craft, clear and beautiful color
Skin-friendly give you better skin touch feeling, make the pillow way soft and comfortable.
OccasionPerfect for Halloween, cosplay costume, masquerade parties, costume parties, Carnival, Christmas, Easter, theme party, etc. It is also a fancy present for friends.
Spectification:
100% Brand New and High Quality
Material: short plush
Filling Material: PP cotton
Size:20cm
For Age 14 +Alex Trebek's legacy lives on as his family donates a large portion of his clothes to charity
The family of the late "Jeopardy!" host Alex Trebek has donated a significant portion of his wardrobe to charity as a way to honor his legacy.
They gave the clothing to The Doe Fund, an organization that provides paid work, housing, vocational training, continuing education and comprehensive social services to underserved Americans with histories of addiction, homelessness and incarceration, according to a "Jeopardy!" news release.
."
Trebek's son, Matthew, has been a supporter of The Doe Fund and came up with the idea to donate the pieces to the organization, the news release said., according to the news release.
."
Trebek died in November at the age of 80. He hosted more than 8,200 episodes of "Jeopardy!" over 38 seasons, the most by a presenter of any single TV game show, according to a statement from Sony Pictures.
Trebek left behind his three children and his wife Jean, whom he married in 1990.How to Get iOS Like DND (Do Not Disturb) on Android
When you’ve owned smartphones from two different platforms, you see the positive and negative sides of both. Sometimes, you wish you could bring the plus points of each together. We have already seen how we can get iOS-like notifications on our Android. The feature makes it easy for us to access and read notifications without unlocking the phone and indeed saves time. Today I am going to show you how you can bring iPhone’s another amazing feature – the Do Not Disturb mode – to Android.
Do Not Disturb is a setting for iPhone that completely silences your phone for specific hours of the day so that you are not disturbed with any calls and notifications unless it’s an emergency. We have done a detailed article on the feature examining every aspect; go have a look. The feature is really amazing for getting a sound night’s sleep and I don’t know why we have yet to see the feature on Android even after so many updates.
Nights Keeper for Android
Thanks to amazing developers and the open source nature of the platform, we always find a workaround, and this time it’s a simple app called Nights Keeper. So let’s see how we can use the app and bring the DND (Do Not Disturb) feature to our droids.
After you install and launch the app, you’ll see some predetermined DND time sets for weekdays and weekends and an infinity sign for an indefinite do not disturb mode. Now if you want to activate the feature during the predefined times, tap the option to select it.
To add a new calendar time, tap the + button on the app and configure the start and stop periods. When you edit a pre-existing module or create a new one, you get many additional configuration settings. The app features a whole list of contacts that can be used to filter calls when DND is activated. This way, callers of your choice will come through no matter what.
Another interesting feature of the app is the panic mode that you can set to be triggered after a certain number of missed calls. If the same person calls you too many times, the app will then allow the call from that person to ring. So if anyone is trying to reach you in case of an emergency, the app will let him through.
You can also select the ringtone volume in these calls or specify a soothing ringtone, just while the DND profile lasts.
Those were the features that were limited to free version of the app. In the pro version (available through in-app purchase for $2.99), you can reply to a blocked call with an SMS so that they are notified that you are in a DND mode. The app also features a power saver mode that optimizes your battery performance while you are in the DND mode. You can choose to turn off the mobile radios like Wi-Fi and Bluetooth once the DND profile has completed a cycle.
Apart from that, you can create a backup of your settings in the SD card from the settings menu and configure some advanced settings, notification priority, and SMS.
Conclusion
So that was how you can get the iOS-like Do Not Disturb feature on your Android. There are many apps available on the Play Store for the task, but the reason I picked Nights Keeper over others was because, among the other apps that really worked, it had the least restrictions in the free version. Also, the app interface is very clean and it can be easily configured to suit one’s needs. Don’t forget to download and install the app and let us know how you would rate it.
Top Photo Credit: Sean MacEntee
The above article may contain affiliate links which help support Guiding Tech. However, it does not affect our editorial integrity. The content remains unbiased and authentic.
Read Next
Why Am I Getting Calls When Do Not Disturb Is On
Top 9 Fixes for Facebook Notifications Not Working on iPhone and iPad
Are you not receiving #notifications from the #Facebook app on your #iPhone or #iPad? Check out 9 fixes for Facebook #notifications not working on #iOS and iPadOS.
How to Fix Instagram Notifications Not Working on Android and iPhone
Is #Instagram app not sending #notifications to your phone? Here's how to fix the Instagram notification problem on Android and iPhone.
Top 11 New and Free Android Apps for May 2019
Bored of the regular #Android apps? Try these amazing #Android apps and boost your phone experience. ReadDipu Choudhury is a AJP candidate from Bongaigaon constituency in the 2021 Assam Assembly elections. His profession according to the election affidavit filed with the Election Commission is: Business. Dipu Choudhury's educational qualifications are: 10th Pass and is 58 years old.
His total declared assets are Rs 13 crore which includes Rs 6.6 crore in moveable assets and Rs 6.4 crore as immoveable assets. His total declared income is Rs 51.3 lakh of which Rs 36.4 lakh is self income. Dipu Choudhury's has total liabilities of Rs 0.
This AJP Dipu Choudhury (AJP).GOOD HOPE, Ala. – With schools closed in recognition of Martin Luther King Jr. Day Monday, the West Point Warriors made the short trip down I-65 for a Monday afternoon matinee against the Good Hope Raiders. The Lady Raiders got things started with a convincing, 63-39 win over the Lady Warriors and the Raiders followed them with a thrilling, last-second, 56-54 victory over the Warriors.
Good Hope 63 – West Point 39 (varsity girls)
Kyndall Seal scored the first five points of the game for the Lady Raiders to give them an early lead and Heather Tetro followed with a couple baskets of her own to make it a 9-2 game with five minutes to play in the first. Ivey Maddox was fouled on a three-point attempt and knocked down all three shots from the foul line to stretch the lead to 12-4 midway through the first. Ryleigh Jones laid one in for West Point to trim the lead to six, but Rudi Derrick responded with a three on the other end to make it 15-6. Another basket from Seal followed by a steal and layup from Bailey Tetro extended the lead to 19-6. Good Hope continued to add to its lead, but Lexi Shadix was able to net a mid-range jumper at the buzzer to hold the deficit to 24-12 going into the second quarter.
Shadix was fouled on three-pointer to the start the second and she hit all three shots from the free throw line to trim the lead to 24-15. The Lady Raiders responded with an 8-2 run led by Maddox and Bailey Tetro to give Good Hope a 32-17 advantage with five minutes remaining in the half. Derrick and Maddox each scored to make it 37-19 with two minutes to play in the second and Maddox added a three-pointer to stretch the lead to 40-19. Shadix knocked down another jumper to cut into the lead but Bailey Tetro laid one in at the buzzer to give the Lady Raiders a 42-21 lead going in the halftime break.
Bailey Tetro and Derrick each scored to get the third quarter started for Good Hope and add to the lead but Summer Mendoza and Shadix stopped the run with back to back buckets that made it a 46-27 game. A pair of Jones free throws followed by another Shadix basket cut the lead to 46-31 with three minutes to play in the third but another Maddox score and a Heather Tetro three gave the Lady Raiders a 51-31 advantage. Good Hope went into the final frame holding a 55-37 lead over the Lady Warriors.
Kylie Quinn laid one in to trim the lead to 55-39 early in the fourth but West Point wasn’t able to get back on the scoreboard for the remainder of the period and the Lady Raiders pulled away to collect a 63-39 win over the Lady Warriors.
Maddox led Good Hope with 20 points in the win, followed by Bailey Tetro with 13, Derrick with 11, Seal with nine and Heather Tetro with eight. Shadix posted a game-high 23 points for West Point in the loss.
Good Hope 56 – West Point 54 (varsity boys)
Tanner Malin and Aubry Cleghorn exchanged baskets to get the opening quarter started and after another Malin basket, Noah Barnette laid one in to give Good Hope an early, 6-4 lead. Malin and Barnette continued to score early, helping build a 12-4 lead for the Raiders before Cleghorn and Will Cochran finished the first with a pair of buckets to cut the lead to 12-9 going into the second quarter.
Cleghorn knocked down a jumper to make it a 1-point game at the start of the second but Good Hope used a 6-0 scoring to extend its lead back out to seven. Back to back inside baskets from Cochran made it a 20-15 game with less than five minutes to play in the half but K’mal Bell and Malin responded with buckets on the other end to build the lead to 24-15 midway through the second quarter. Cochran and Cleghorn continued to dominate inside and each scored to cut the lead to 24-20 late in the period and Cochran added two more baskets to tie the game at 24. A Malin layup, followed by a three-pointer from Lawton Farr put the Raiders in front 29-24 with just a minute remaining in the second and Good Hope managed to stretch its advantage to 31-24 by the end of the half
West Point erased the Raiders’ lead almost immediately at the start of the third quarter. Cleghorn and Cochran each scored inside to make it a 4-point game and Carter Thornton drilled a three-pointer to make it 32-31. Cochran added another basket to give the Warriors their first lead of the game at 33-32 but Barnette responded with a layup on the other end to put Good Hope back on top by one. A pair of Malin free throws extended the lead to three and Farr knocked down a jumper to make it a 38-33 game midway through the third. Kobe Bowers buried a three-pointer for West Point to stop the run and trim the lead to two and Sam Wheeler laid one in just before the buzzer to tie things up at 40 going into the final frame.
Cochran and Malin exchanged buckets to start the fourth and keep the score knotted at 42 but Cade Simmons knocked down a three-pointer to put the Warriors in front 45-42 with five minutes to play. Barnette scored to cut the lead to one and a basket from Farr gave the Raiders a 46-45 advantage midway through the period. Cleghorn scored from the inside and from the three-point line to give West Point a 50-46 lead but Malin answered the scoring run with back to back buckets of his own to tie things up at 50 with just over two minutes to play. Bowers drilled a jumper to make it 52-50 and added a pair of free throws to stretch the Warrior lead to 54-50 with just over a minute remaining. Malin once again had an answer and laid one in with 25 seconds left to cut the lead to 54-52. The Raiders then came up with a steal on the ensuing inbounds pass and Malin put it in to tie the game at 54. West Point looked to win it on its next possession but a big block by Colton Lindsey was scooped up by Malin going the other way and he laid it in just before the buzzer sounded to give Good Hope a dramatic, 56-54 win over the Warriors.
Malin led all scorers with 28 points in the win. Farr added 15 for the Raiders and Barnette added 10. Cleghorn posted 19 points in the loss for West Point, followed by Cochran with 18 and Bowers with nine.
Good Hope will be on the road tomorrow to face Lawrence County and West Point is scheduled to host Russellville Friday.T20 World Cup: Kevin Pietersen, Jofr Archer extend support to under-fire Chris Jordan after James Neesham’s exploits- Former England skipper Kevin Pietersen has lent support to pacer Chris Jordan after the Three Lions were defeated by New Zealand in the semi-final of the ongoing ICC Men’s T20 World Cup.
Mitchell’s unbeaten 72 from 47 deliveries anchored New Zealand’s successful chase of 167 against England, with the opener hitting the winning runs on the final ball of the 19th over.
T20 World Cup: James Neesham and Mitchell managed to score 23 runs in the 17th over bowled by Chris Jordon, and the match swayed in favour of the Kiwis.
“Jordan is a fabulous cricketer. A great guy, we know well he trains, we know how much he’s liked – not that you need to be liked to perform – but he’s just a brilliant professional who you know was doing his best, but tonight, Neesham got him,” said Pietersen on Sky Sports.
T20 World Cup: Kevin Pietersen, Jofr Archer extend support to under-fire Chris Jordan after James Neesham’s exploits
Also read: NZ vs AUS LIVE: After England’s revenge, New Zealand ready to trump Australia for 2015 World Cup Final loss- Follow LIVE updates
T20 World Cup: “How can you look back on it now and go he bowled rubbish, he bowled this or he bowled that? He may not have bowled well but the pressure exerted on him by Neesham got the job done for New Zealand,” he added.
Meanwhile, England pacer Jofra Archer also backed his fellow teammate after a leading publication criticised the latter for England’s defeat.
T20 World Cup: Kevin Pietersen, Jofr Archer extend support to under-fire Chris Jordan after James Neesham’s exploits
“How can you dive into one man’s stats to cast blame? If you don’t like him just say that Ben but I have a problem with this entire article. Really makes me wonder what will happen the day I don’t perform to certain standards, CJ has given his all for his country time after time and it is a game of cricket it is unpredictable and mistakes do happen so don’t get here for one second and single out one person,” tweeted Archer.
For more updates on cricket and other sports, follow InsideSport.in.
-
- Hokkaido Bread with Tangzhong from Sonlicious
- Overnight 500g Sourdough Bread from Hostess at Heart
- Pai Bao with Tangzhong from All That's Left are the Crumbs
- Peanut Bread from Passion Kneaded
- Poolish Dough Pizza Crust from Palatable Passtime
- Sourdough Focaccia with Crispy Garlic from Baking Sense
- Sourdough Pain Noir from What Smells So Good?
- Sourdough Whole Wheat Flatbreads from Sneha's Recipe
- Walnut Levain Bread from Karen's Kitchen Stories
- Whole Wheat Papo Secos - Portuguese Rolls from The Schizo Chef
We take turns hosting each month and choosing the theme/ingredient.
If you are a food blogger and would like to join us, just send Stacy an email with your blog URL to foodlustpeoplelove@gmail.com.
Oh, I've never had a bread with peanuts in it before. My husband would love this. Can't wait to try this recipe.
Hmmm, I love peanuts and I have made bread with peanut butter so I am sure I would love this as well. Thanks for sharing.
I love the ground roasted peanut flour in the bread! All you need is a little jam and you're set!
Interesting bread with peanuts. Something I'd love to try as hubby is nuts about peanuts!
That is a very very interesting bread with peanuts. We are a peanut loving family -- will have to try this bread some time.
I could almost smell those roasted peanuts as you described them. This bread sounds amazing and I just love all of the entries this month!And so, it’s finally happening. Far too late for many people, yet still too soon for others.
With Monday’s release of a request for proposal for management of an “emergency non-congregate housing site” at the current location of Silver Dollar BMX, the city of Chico officially plunged head-first into the homeless business, something many on the current council majority swore it would never do.
From our viewpoint, they didn’t have any choice, and this plan is probably the best option they had left, given the ongoing litigation.
It’s not going to make everybody happy; as anyone who read our reaction story Thursday can see, there are still plenty of reservations out there, along with a tremendous amount of support.
But this situation — and lawsuit — was never going to go away unless the city and plaintiffs found common ground on a site that a majority of the key players would support. And this site is it.
On one physical side of the location, which is targeted for 177 pallet shelters and 354 beds, is the Torres Shelter. Not too far away on the other side is the Jesus Center.
That paragraph contains every key factor in making this as close to a win-win as this situation was ever going to get.
To satisfy Martin vs. Boise — the basis for the lawsuit filed on behalf of eight unhoused people in Chico — the city of Chico needs to show the court that there are enough available shelter beds for the number of homeless people here. The most recent Point In Time survey put that at 571; between this proposed site, Torres, the Jesus Center and other locations, they’ll hit their “magic number” of 571 beds.
And that means the city would be free to once again enforce its anti-camping ordinances throughout Chico, whether the people camping in the parks and public lands choose to use the new shelter beds or not.
This is the only way the city was ever going to get from there to here. Chico’s dealings with Senior Judge Morrison England and Magistrate Judge Kendall Newman (who has visited the key locations) have made that abundantly clear to anyone who was paying attention.
The news didn’t leave everyone in Chico happy. Many of the supporters of the current council majority feel betrayed; some wonder why a location outside of the area couldn’t have been chosen. There are also concerns that so many of the homeless services are concentrated in the same area of District 7, an area that’s currently dealing with the overflow camping situation at Comanche Creek.
Simply put, this location does a better job of meeting all of the various parties’ wants and needs than any other. And you can count the police among those happy to see this plan, because this is a huge step forward in terms of being able to enforce the related local ordinances again.
That’s all one side of the reaction.
The other side is — understandably — “What kept you?”
Many homeless advocacy groups have pushed for this site for years. Now they’ve got it. And what they do with this opportunity from here is going to have everything to do with the success of the project and how much of an impact it’ll have on actually helping the homeless community.
For the first time, in one centralized location, there can be a near-smorgasbord of services and amenities — everything from beds and showers and laundry to mental health services and drug-treatment options and numerous pathways for escaping the situation the unhoused are in. It’ll be interesting to see how many of the homeless people in our area will take full advantage of this opportunity; we’re hoping for lots of success stories, but also recognize the likelihood that not everyone is going to comply.
One way or the other, this is what had to happen. Having Butte County’s support is a huge, huge deal here. And now, all of the homeless advocacy groups that have campaigned for this site for years need to join forces and deliver as promised. This isn’t a problem the city can (or should) fix by itself; it’s literally going to take an organized, coordinated effort by many parties — both government and private — to make it work.
We think it can work. And we think it’ll all go a long way toward — dare we say it — satisfying the needs of all involved parties about as well as could ever be hoped.
The multi-faceted issues surrounding homelessness have divided our city like few things ever before. We think this plan not only offers the best solution to many of the challenges, it could also hold a key to unifying our city again.
The homeless advocacy groups are getting the site they want. The homeless people who want help will be able to get it easier than ever before. And the city will be able to enforce its ordinances again.
It happened because the city was staring at a costly lawsuit, but the end result is, this is a win, win and win opportunity. We urge all parties to join together and make this work to everyone’s benefitYou will also be registered for the agent to contact you via other means you provide, with information relevant to your property search.
Set within an impressive gated mews and an equal distance from Victoria Park and London Fields is this dynamic three storey two bedroom house. Offering versatile and spacious living accommodation measuring 981 Sqft , the property comprises of open-plan lounge and kitchen with utility room and wc on the ground floor with large double bedroom and ensuite shower room on the first floor. The top floor consists of master bedroom with stunning en-suite bathroom and walk in wardrobe, also benefitting from access onto a wonderful bright terrace. Set within a secure gated development further benefitting from communal patio area.CHRISHON DUCKER
Assistant Pastor
Chrishon Ducker [pronounced Krish-OHN] grew up in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. He is an avid sports fan, playing soccer, golf, and surfing in his youth. Chrishon received a BA degree from Winthrop University (‘94) where he studied history and political science. It was there, at Reformed University Fellowship (RUF), that the Lord brought Chrishon to the saving knowledge of Christ.
Chrishon met his wife, Danielle at Covenant Theological Seminary in St. Louis MO. They were married in 1997 and graduated from CTS together in 2000; Chrishon with a Masters in Divinity and Danielle with a Masters in Theological Studies.
Chrishon and Danielle have two teenage children. Charissa [pronounced Kar-iss-ah] is a college freshman and attends the University of Mary Washington. CJ is a high school junior and attends Riverbend High School. They are both kind and creative.
CJ loves singing, playing guitar, frisbee, soccer, and kids. Charissa loves music, writing, and organizing.
MELISSA KESTER
Director of Children's Ministry
Melissa is a wife and mother of two awesome teenage boys. She loves playing with them in the woods, diggin in the dirt, and attempting to grow plants. She was born and raised in Virginia and has a bachelors of science in communication studies and a minor in music. Melissa previously. Bryan has 15 years of experience working with children and youth in both church and camp ministry settings. When he's not hanging out with the youth of Hope Pres you can usually find Bryan outside hiking, exploring new places, cheering on his Green Bay Packers, or thumbing through three or four good books as he slowly makes his way towards his Masters of Divinity at Reformed Theological Seminary, in Washington D.C.
TERRY JO SHACKELFORD
Office Administrator
LAURIE WALTER
Finance Clerk
AMY ELLIOTT
Worship Leader
ALYSSA IRBY
Choir Director
CHERYL MAHONEY
Organist
DEANDRE BRADLEY
Audio Visual SpecialistCashNetUSA Review
CashNetUSA is one of the most useful guarantor that is unsecured sites online. They usually have the whole loans like approved cash loans thing, including circulation this is certainly fast of funds, a very protected application environment and affordable costs. CashNetUSA permits you to borrow one or two hours hundred dollars or maybe you are able to borrow a bunch of money when you look at the form of installment loans.
With major existence as soon as you go through the loans industry, CashNetUSA commercials on tv, online marketing and notices that can easily be average man or woman perhaps perhaps not uncommon. They usually have the investing intend to complete one thing them give fully down an unbelievable wide range of dollars in loans each year because they are the loan that is most that is respected in the united states, making. Browse their internet internet website now to find all the amazing features that produce CashNetUSA an online payday loan frontrunner.
247FastFunds Review
247FastFunds brings you a design that seems a entire deal that is great making utilization of at places like quick cash. The ease of good usage from the process enforces that feeling since making usage of merely takes five minutes and youll get an approval reaction in only a whilst that is quick well. The funds are wired to your bank bank account the day this is certainly next many circumstances.
ExtraLend Review
ExtraLend is just one more exemplary spot to get loans like Speedy Cash. They offer you with great assist in addition to quick cash, letting you get the cash you will require when you probably have it the essential. ExtraLend has rates that are clear a deal is compared by them that is great of finance institutions, making certain you constantly get the cheapest prices. If you like make sure to spend the essential costs that are affordable ExtraLend is the lender for your requirements.
Loans like Speedy Cash could easily be purchased for only up to $3,000, rendering it an instant and simple solution if you do not have fast money near me or you require a tad bit more than most Speedy money places are able to give. With actually APR that is affordable which means that power to have the money on submit less than a day, ExtraLend is probably the signature this is certainly top providers on the web.
My Fast Pay Review
My fast Pay is only a usa pay that is direct loan company which allows you to definitely get credit loans fast. Whether you wish to get a quick payday loan with low credit as well as if youre trying to reconstruct your financial predicament, My fast Pay helps it be a possibility. They have approval that is exceptionally high along with an acutely protected platform which will make entirely yes you will get the dollars loans quickly.
They have been efficient at lending money amounts not as much as $100 or you can be provided by them with greater loan quantities as much as a couple of thousand dollars. Comparable to places like fast cash, My quick Pay could perhaps make sure you get your solution of approval your duty within just one hour or so. This permits anyone to quickly elsewhere see whether or perhaps perhaps not their funding choice ended up being negative or good. Fill out an application for the advance loan pay day loan inside my fast Pay now to have money due to the day that is following!
Online Payday Review
On the internet Payday can be an on-line Canadian pay day loan internet site that enables if you want that you get the on the job cashing loans them probably the most. Being being among the most helpful loan that is direct on the internet, online Payday permits Canadians to obtain money that is fast with low terms. These quick cash loans can actually help in your credit score and so they really help it to be quite easy to go far from a taut monetary spot.
You can find locations that are few money that is speedy Canada, therefore on line Payday is clearly well worthy of discovering if youre Canadian and looking for fast funds online. They too could offer you with comparable solutions such as for example next-day cash since well because the ability to away get straight authorized for loans online. Explore one of several Speedy this is certainly just money in Canada by going to on line Payday now.
LendUp Review
LendUp is actually an area that is head that is great if you prefer payday improvements to reconstruct your credit rating. They are able to ensure you get money that is fast irrespective payday advances WV of when your credit history is negative. LendUp is just one of the loan this is certainly best that is payday on the internet and has now now a really dependable environment this is really trusted by an incredible quantity of users on a yearly foundation. You can use if youre looking for a lender that is payday amazing customer service, LendUp will be the technique.
LendUp reviews commonly are not extremely times that are right though as a result of LendUp ladder that limitations which you $250 loans to start out. It may actually be restrictive if you want quick cash now additionally they cant borrow more money than $250 as well as you may great repayments, you manage to get authorized for greater loan quantities further down the road, however.Kevin Friend will be in charge of Manchester City’s trip to Norwich City this weekend, it’s emerged.
Referee Friend riled all concerned with Aston Villa last weekend when he ruled out Henri Lansbury’s stoppage time goal at Crystal Palace - with ten-man Villa one goal down - after judging Jack Grealish to have dived in the build up.
It was a decision that was met with fury from Villa players, manager Dean Smith and the Villa fanbase, particularly those in attendance.
Neutral pundits, too, have slammed the decision since - the likes of Gary Lineker and Jermaine Jenas have criticised Friend and his team for the call to cancel out what appeared a legal goal, a goal that would have earned Villa a crucial point.
Friend, though, has faced no sanctions from the PGMOL (Professional Game Match Officials Board) and will be in fact given the televised clash between Norwich and Man City this Sunday.
On top of that, two of the six-man officiating team present at Selhurst Park last weekend will be covering Villa’s welcoming of West Ham United to Villa Park next Monday.
Andy Madley, who was in charge of VAR in south east London, will be the fourth official at B6, while Andy Halliday will retain his role of VAR assistant.
Mike Dean is set to take charge from the middle, with Darren Cann and Dan Robathan his assistants.
Marting Atkinson will be in charge of VAR decisions, assisted as mentioned by Halliday.Xml File
- Retrieve and save wireless network keys in your computer.Windows Version 1.70 ... Added: 02/18/14Total Downloads1,810,957Last Week1,963
- Integrate iPhone or iPod touch with your enterprise systems.Windows Version 3.6.2 ... Added: 01/29/13Total Downloads70,575Last Week1,608
- Edit and preview XML files.Windows Version 1.0 ... Added: 02/02/15Total Downloads89,527Last Week1,176
- Total Downloads144,028Last Week340
- Retrieve and save wireless network keys in your computer.Windows Version 1.67 ... Added: 07/16/13Total Downloads244,480Last Week339
- Edit XML files with an editor that uses a synchronized table-tree-and-text display.Windows Version 2.2 ... Added: 03/04/13Total Downloads447,045Last Week319
- Monitor network and display all currently opened TCP/IP and UDP ports on your local PC.Windows Version 1.0 ... Added: 02/03/10Total Downloads145,018Last Week302
- Convert ePub, HTML, XML files to PDF file.Windows Version 2.0.4 ... Added: 04/01/12Total Downloads299,327Last Week297
- Read and edit any XML files.Windows Version 1.0 ... Added: 08/24/14Total Downloads8,811Last Week295
- Modify and examine the contents of an XML file.Windows Version 3.0 ... Added: 12/14/05Total Downloads302,720Last Week281
- Convert XML files to PDF ones easily.Windows Version 1.0 ... Added: 09/24/14Total Downloads7,198Last Week167
- Take backup, image, clone and restore logical drives and partitions.Windows Version 2.50 ... Added: 04/07/15Total Downloads170,633Last Week167
- View, edit, save and print XML files.Windows Version 1.0 ... Added: 07/09/14Total Downloads4,492Last Week163
- Convert Lotus 1-2-3 files to Excel, Access, SPSS, FoxPro, DBF, HTML, XML, and SQL.Windows Version 2.0 ... Added: 01/25/13Total Downloads20,300Last Week130
- View Microsoft Project files as Gantt diagram, tracking Gantt, resources sheet, and task usage.Windows Version 4.8 ... Added: 03/06/15Total Downloads131,567Last Week126
- Recover product keys from local or network computers.Windows Version 3.8.2 ... Added: 01/15/15Total Downloads101,097Last Week119
- Salvage text from corrupt Word 2007/2010 DOCX documents.Windows Version 2.0.3 ... Added: 07/26/13Total Downloads8,390Last Week119
- Total Downloads50,489Last Week110
- Create several different types of visual diagrams such as flowcharts.Windows Version 0.97.2- ... Added: 07/09/12Total Downloads64,560Last Week107
- Recover your password stored by Google Chrome Web browser.Windows Version 1.25 ... Added: 02/27/13Total Downloads17,045Last Week107
- Recover product keys for Microsoft Office 2003, 2007, and 2010.Windows Version 1.2.5 ... Added: 08/03/13Total Downloads17,914Last Week104
- View information on open TCP/IP and UDP ports on your local computer.Windows Version 2.12 ... Added: 12/04/14Total Downloads45,378Last Week95
- Total Downloads244,188Last Week80
- View the log files created by Skype.Windows Version 1.42 ... Added: 10/22/12Total Downloads16,485Last Week80
- Print directories, find duplicate files, rename files, show folder sizes, show total files per user.Windows Version 43.0 ... Added: 03/25/15Total Downloads121,782Last Week76
- Recover product keys from local or network computers.Windows Version 1.1.6 ... Added: 08/03/13Total Downloads13,915Last Week75
- Total Downloads177,358Last Week66
- Replace search for files and folders module in Windows with different application.Windows Version 2.52 ... Added: 12/04/14Total Downloads31,794Last Week65
- Create, maintain, and sign configuration profiles.Mac Version 3.5 ... Added: 03/08/12Total Downloads9,675Last Week63
- Ping multiple host names and IP addresses.Windows Version 1.36 ... Added: 09/07/12Total Downloads16,169Last Week48Valve Calls It Quits On Steam Controller
Released back in 2013, it seem that Valve has decided to discontinue production for the Steam Controller.
The controller had a weird design back in the day, with it coming with two trackpads as well as two paddles on the back. Despite that, it offered a whole bunch of customization options, and gyroscopic features.
According to reports, the company has reduced the price of the controller to $5 (~RM21), which includes shopping. Sounds pretty cheap right? Well it looks like that it will be the last batch that they will release.
It is still unknown on the decision by the company as to why they are shutting down the Steam Controller. Though it may be due to the fact that there’s already other controllers in the market such as the ones from PlayStation, Xbox, or even third party controllers that’s already compatible on Steam.
Another reported theory is that Valve is simply clearing out their old stock and are planning to release a brand new Steam Controller. Until an official announcement is made, take it with a pinch of salt.
Pokdepinion: Man, if it was only $5 and available here, I’d buy it.
Related
Source :
- Chrono Cross Remaster Might Be In Development - November 26, 2021
- Genshin Impact Leak Reveals New Weapon Type - November 26, 2021
- Dragon Ball The Breakers Gets Closed Beta Unveiling - November 26, 2021This year’s U.S. Capitol Christmas Tree – an 84-foot tall White Fir – is scheduled to be harvested October 25 from the Six Rivers National Forest in California. The tour theme is ‘Six Rivers, Many Peoples, One Tree’.
System Transport will use its new Kenworth T680 Next Gen equipped with a 76-inch mid-roof sleeper to transport the 2021 U.S. Capitol Christmas Tree on its 3,300-mile route. The T680 Next Gen is Kenworth’s most aerodynamic truck ever, and provides drivers with the latest Kenworth SmartWheel, new customizable 15-inch digital display, fully LED forward lighting, additional advanced driver assistance systems, and, the Driver’s Studio – the ultimate in-cab and sleeper package. System Transport operates all types of flatbed freight, primarily throughout the West Coast to the Midwest.
“It is an honor for System Transport to be selected to deliver the 2021 U.S. Capitol Christmas Tree. We expect a very memorable journey and look forward to sharing the Tree with people at the many events and out on the highway,” said Dennis Williams, president and CEO, Trans-System.
The community celebrations will take place from Oct. 29 – Nov. 16 throughout California 15,000 handmade ornaments created by Californians.
“Kenworth is proud to play a part in delivering the ‘People’s Tree’ to Washington, D.C. for the eighth consecutive year,” said Genevieve Bekkerus, Kenworth marketing director. “This cross-country tour offers numerous opportunities to see this national symbol of celebration out on the highway or at the community events, and the Kenworth T680 Next Gen is the perfect truck for this important undertaking.”
The Kenworth T680 Next Gen was assembled by the employees at the Kenworth manufacturing plant in Chillicothe, Ohio. The truck will return home with the U.S. Capitol Christmas Tree for a special event Nov. 15-16 for plant employees.
Below is the 2021 U.S. Capitol Christmas Tree Tour public schedule:
--Oct. 29: Crescent City and Eureka, Calif.
--Oct. 30: Willow Creek and Fortuna, Calif.
--Oct. 31: Ukiah, Calif.
--Nov. 1: Sausalito and Vallejo, Calif.
--Nov. 2: Dixon, Calif.
--Nov. 3: Sacramento and Sonora, Calif.
--Nov. 4: Mariposa, Calif.
--Nov. 6: Pasadena and Redlands, Calif.
--Nov. 8: Holbrook, Ariz.
--Nov. 9: Phoenix, Ariz.
--Nov. 11: Albuquerque, N.M.
--Nov. 13: Fayetteville, Ark. and Springfield, Mo.
--Nov. 16: Williamsport, Md.
--Nov. 19: Delivery to West Lawn, U.S. Capitol Building (Washington, D.C.)
“This annual journey is only possible with the help of strong community partnerships throughout California and beyond state lines,” said Bruce Ward, president of Choose Outdoors, which works with the Forest Service to promote outdoor recreation and public access to federal lands for recreational purposes. “We’re grateful for the time and resources that Kenworth and System Transport are providing to help make this the best year yet.”
For more information, visit the 2021 U.S. Capitol Christmas Tree website.
Kenworth Truck Company is the manufacturer of The World’s Best® heavy and medium duty trucks. Kenworth’s Internet home page is at. Kenworth is a PACCAR company.Product Information
- Despicable Me 2 Gru Adult Costume from Rubie's Costume Co.
- Part of the Despicable Me 2 brand
- We recommend this product for ages 18 and up
What It Is
The Despicable Me 2 Gru Adult Costume is perfect for adults who want to dress up like a favorite movie character. Based on the villain turned anti-villain in the Despicable Me movies, this costume includes a mask, shirt, pants, and scarf. It is available in adult standard size.
Is It Fun?
Whether you need something to go trick-or-treating with the kids or to attend a Halloween costume party, if you're a fan of Despicable Me 2, you'll like this costume.
Who It’s For
This costume is for adults.
What To Be Aware Of
The mask has Velcro straps, but when we put the mask on, it was way too big. We recommend tying the straps for the best fit.
Additional Despicable Me costumes for adults include the Deluxe Minion Costume, the Female Minion Costume, and the Minion Dave costume. Each is sold separately. Gru Adult Costume from Rubie's Costume Co.?These couple of insights define Bangalore men. It is unfair to generalise all of them as the same, but a majority of them project similar traits. Here, we’re going to take a peek into the details of the term ‘Bangalorean’, meaning one that has been born and brought up in Bangalore and who can probably speak Kannada fluently. Other than an evening cup of coffee in the balcony with your better half, these are a few things you delight in. With the outset of migration and relocation, there is the obvious occurrence of Bangaloreans marrying from around the country. This has lead to a culture shock for those coming from the other side.
Well, we are here to prep you for the perks of being with a Bangalorean.
1. Bangaloreans are known to be well educated
Be assured that you will have intellectual conversation with him/her at any point of the day, given the topic is intriguing. This is the result of their varied interests in a range of subjects due to the education from the city’s prestigious schools and colleges. It could be general news, politics, topics that are taboo, science, art or culture.
2. Gold shopping is a cake walk
This is a ‘South Indian Husband’ perk in general. They are pros when shopping for gold, and this isn’t necessarily because of their specific interest, but because of their family (your in-laws). Do not be surprised if the salesperson offers you coffee the second you walk in, as his family may be the jeweller’s regular customer.
3. Best places in town
When you are in their part of the town, they will no doubt know the areas inside out. Be rest assured that they will take you to places to make your most cherished memories with them and even ensure that you get slightly familiar with the area.
4. Long drives
Your long drive will definitely involve a trip to Nandi Hills at least once. You will end up having a cup of coffee or tea and driving back, but that’s the simple pleasure of being married to him/her.
5. Bangalorean men and women tend to be of class
If you are going out for a formal dinner or an office party, you will never be ashamed to tag them along with you. They will catch everyone’s attention with their refined taste in clothes, manners and conversation.
6. Your in-laws
Most Bangalorean in-laws are fairly suave in their lifestyle. They will treat you very well and understand very well that a young couple require their space . Raising their tone to yell at you is not something you will have to endure.
7. Recipes
If you have married a Bangalorean boy, don’t be surprised or taken aback when your in-laws go out of their way to teach you South Indian recipes. They just want to be sure that their son is getting the sufficient South Indian nutrients (if there is something like that). On the bright side, you will learn how to make perfect dosas.
8. Open mindedness
Bangaloreans are comparatively forward thinking. Going to pubs and restro-bars are normal Saturday evening plans. Drinking with him/her is going to be fun.
9. Keeping standards
If you are going out with them, they will expect you to dress according to the occasion. Both of you have to be on par with each other, complementing each other’s outfits.
10. Silk saree
For the lucky women, the saree you receive from his/her parents at the time of wedding is your most prized possession. He loves the way you flaunt yourself in the gorgeous silk saree that his mother has so lovingly given you.The European Chemical Society (EuChemS) is releasing an updated version of its iconic Periodic Table, first produced for the International Year of the Periodic Table in 2019.
The main change to the EuChemS Periodic Table is to convert the colour of carbon from the benign green colour to a tricolour of green, red and dark grey.
Green because it is plentifully available in the form of carbon dioxide (too plentiful), carbonate rocks and vegetation.
Red because it will very shortly cause serious problems if we do nothing to restrict its use.
Grey because it can come from conflict resources.
The carbon cycle balances photosynthesis, by which plants grow taking up CO2, with respiration (breathing), by which we and all flora and fauna live and give out CO2. For millennia these two processes, compounded with CO2 absorption and release by the oceans, have been in balance justifying the benign green colour given to carbon in the 2019 Periodic Table.
Burning carbon-based fuels (coal, oil, gas) pumps so much extra CO2 into the air that photosynthesis and the oceans can’t keep up so CO2 levels rise leading to global warming and climate change that will cause severe disruption to all forms of life in the planet very soon if we do nothing.
Changing the colour of carbon is a clarion call to everyone, especially those responsible for the outcomes of COP26, to do all in their power to reduce their CO2 emissions for the good of the next generations.
But why is it also grey, defined as “From conflict resources”?
Carbon, especially oil, can come from places where wars are fought over the oilfields or where oil revenues are used to fight wars.
As with all other conflict minerals, EuChemS calls on all oil refiners and users to avoid buying from oilfields tainted by conflict.
This updated version of the EuChemS Periodic Table graphically highlights the problems of carbon in our world now. If we behave responsibly by cutting our dependence on fossil fuels and never using it from conflict resources, we can save our beautiful and diverse planet and restore carbon to its rightful green colour.
The Periodic Table is available for free download. Please note that the work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution NoDerivs CC BY-ND.
Support notes, which explain in more details the updates made to the EuChemS Periodic Table (2021), are available for download here.
Support notes for teachers are available for download here.
The. It can be downloaded in other languages below. If you are a chemist who wants to use the EuChemS Periodic Table in your native language, and this translation is not available, please visit the page Translations for the Periodic Table and follow the instructions for a submission of a new translation.
Support notes, which explain in more detail how the Periodic Table has been designed are available for download here.
Support notes for teachers are available for download here.
Play the EuChemS video game ‘Elemental Escapades!’ online here!
Spread the word and help protect endangered elements! Share on Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn and follow the conversation through #elementscarcity & #IYPT2019.Tips for Scoring the Freelance Writing Gig of Your Dreams
Monetary crunch can be a devastating state to be in. Especially for freelance-based workers like writers, a regular flow of
Monetary crunch can be a devastating state to be in. Especially for freelance-based workers like writers, a regular flow of work is extremely crucial to sustain the bills and other life requirements. For many freelance writers the Internet has helped land several job leads, but not all leads convert into actual contracts. The web is a decent beginning spot to discover independent contracts. However, one should apply additional efforts to get the job in their kitty. There are several websites like eLance, Freelancer, Odesk, Content Mart, WriteMyEssayOnline etc. that will help you land fruitful jobs.
Tips for scoring the freelance writing gig of your dreams
The minimum prerequisites for freelance writers include authority over the language, knowledge of crafting various forms of written work like articles, blog posts, speeches, essays etc., and a systematic way of conducting research so that the end product is free from errors. Along with these, the writer should be able to juggle home-work hours for a happier life. These abilities would be sufficient for managing freelance writing jobs from all over the world.
Having a freelance writing job in your hands is a great deal of fun. You not just get the chance to remain at home and write about the topics you love, but there’s a flexibility to do the work according to your schedule. In the event that you require additional cash other than your standard job, getting into freelance writing is an added benefit. But, where can you actually begin? With such a variety of authors and writers out there in the market, finding your ground is a little difficult. You might stall right at the starting stages, but it is actually so easy to get hired with many organizations on the Internet looking for talents like you.
Some of the easier ways to find more writing jobs online is to find more websites and portals. Like the ones mentioned above, there are several groups on social media sites like Facebook which can help you find lucrative writing jobs. Once you decide to work from home, don’t think that the work will come to you automatically. Start exploring as much as you can. Register on online forums, portals and websites that showcase individuals and companies looking for freelance writers. You can also register on regular job portals in your region, as a lot of local companies are on the lookout for affordable workers who can help them in their ventures.
Many leads for writing jobs originate from these specialty sites that take into account the lucrative writing occupations which are listed every day. These sites help you narrow down your search to specific contractors that match your abilities. Whether you are excellent in writing essays or a master of creating insightful blogs, these sites will help you connect with the right clients. You should simply visit the site every day to see postings, or subscribe to their feeds and have them sent to your email inbox.
Check popular listing directories regularly. Local directories keep a record of all the local companies and contractors looking for freelance writers. This could be online and offline as well. There are several companies who look for writers from all across the country. This might fall under their marketing plan, to show themselves in sync with the voice of locals and thus increase their sales, or just to maintain a certain voice for their brand. Another great way is to maintain a good network of fellow freelance writers. Most of the time, freelance writers can be too occupied with their work, and at these times other writers can use your help to complete their task and split the profits. You too can take on a large project and split your shares with other writers whom you trust. With these few steps, finding better writing jobs online will get easier for you.Meet Our Lead Analyst, Sagar
Hi, I’m Sagar, the lead analyst at Guero's Pallets. I handle data business analytics and customer service.
Besides my role here at Guero's Pallets, I’m also a part-time student, studying to get my master’s degree in Computer science & Data Analytics.
While a lot of my time is spent sitting at a desk on a computer, I also get the chance to exercise by walking around the warehouse to handle dispatch duties. I also happen to love sports and innovation, making this job a great fit for me.
3 things about you
3 of your strengths
I’m a very easy going person, good at adapting to things requested of me, and I like to believe I’m rather funny.
3 of your favorite hobbies
I don’t know if I even have 3 hobbies. Aside from work & schooling, I spend most of my time on sports, especially soccer which I happen to play, with a small community team that occasionally competes in small tournaments.
3 of your favorite things to eat
Momo, Rice & Curry, and Steak Tacos
What is a challenge you face right now in the pallet industry
Aside from data analyst, I also deal with customers and their orders. Due to the current shortage in the industry, when customers don't keep up with their inventory and ordering schedule it puts strain on us suppliers. They may ask for same or next day shipping and we have to say "that isn't possible at the moment" because of the shortage. We were so used to providing service the same day. After the pandemic everything changed.
What do you like about working at guero pallets?
It’s a friendly environment, supportive like family, and there’s great communication amongst me & my coworkers!PPP Loan Data — Any Time Carriers,
Memphis, TN
Any Time Carriers
Entity: Self-employed Individual
Industry: Specialized Freight (except Used Goods) Trucking, Local
Location: Memphis, TN
Any Time Carriers is a self-employed individual located in Memphis, Tennessee that received a Coronavirus-related PPP loan from the SBA of $12,334.00 in May, 2020.
$
PPP Loan Information
Loan #9819467405
Loan Size:
Jobs Retained:1
Loan Approved:2020-05-21
Loan Status:Ongoing Loan
Lender:Cross River Bank
Any Time Carriers in Memphis, TN received a Paycheck Protection Loan of $12,334, Any Time Carriers reported intending to use the proceeds of their PPP loan for the following expenses:
- Payroll: $12,334
Business Information - Any Time Carriers in Memphis, TN
Memphis, TN
* Full address is redacted to protect the privacy of individuals. Memphis
In the Memphis area, 8 businesses in the "Specialized Freight (except Used Goods) Trucking, Local" industry received a PPP loan. These local businesses reported an average of 3 employees (compared to this company's 1) and received an average PPP loan of $30,125 (compared to this company's $12,334).
Similar Nearby Businesses Who Received PPP Funding:
Just \"N\"" Time Transport Inc"
Memphis, TN
Justin N Fryson
Memphis, TN
Markenis Moore
Memphis, TN
Troymesha Lewis
Memphis, TN
Xlr8 Truck Lines LLC
Memphis, TN
Guy Flowers
Memphis, TN
Brooks Trucking Company Inc. Of Memphis
Memphis, TN, 500% higher than Any Time Carriers' reported 1 employees, and received an average PPP loan of $66,149, 436% higher than this company's loan of $12,334.! Mixture
6 gas cart maintenance review. Basic service to utility companies and industry subcontractors • “Decant” cylinder hire To allow maintenance of equipment these dedicated and distinctively coloured cylinders can be used as temporary storage containers for SF 6. • “Recovery” cylinder hireGet Price
Railcar Maintenance. Who is responsible for the condition of a railcar when it is tendered to a railroad for movement? GATX contracts specify that customers are responsible for visually inspecting the railcars they use. U.S. Department of Transportation regulations make shippers responsible for ensuring the railcars they use are safe to load and suitable for the material being shipped.Get Price
mobile SF6 gas service cart GRE2001 SF 6 gas recycling and charging device is used to evacuate, recycle, purify, charge and store SF 6 gas in high pressure switch maintenance of the bus fleet can also be useful in preparing some of the preliminary design criteria and specifications with respect to the auxiliary systems for the light rail vehicles. Although the primary systems in modern light rail equipment (e.g., propulsion, braking, lighting, ventilation, etc.) tend renaissance in light rail transit (LRT) over the last 25 years has resulted in many new sys- tems. Of the 20 existing light rail systems, 15 have been built or substantially renewed since 1980. Another 36 U.S. cities are either planning or implementing new light rail lines. Sys- tem maintenance plays a large part in keeping operating costs low.Get
Aug 30, 2020 - Explore Brian Townboard "Rail Kart Examples" on Pinterest. See more ideas about rail car, train, railroad
Products / Rail Carts. IPS designs and manufactures customized rail carts complete with checker plate decking, wheel assemblies, oscillating axles, pintle hitches, D Rings, braking systems with glad hands, and safety yellow paint finish. Check out some examples of our work, and if you don't see what you need – Call Usfits like: small-medium
bust: 33"
waist: 27"
hips: free
length: 51" at front, 61" in back
brand/maker: n/a
material: heavy silk (feels and looks like doupioni silk), cotton lace, tulle underlayers
condition: Great with the exception of a few small spots (one faint spot on waist, two spots near the hem of the skirt, and one on the back), as shown in the last photo. A good dry cleaner may be able to lighten or remove the discoloration.
Recent CommentsComplaints procedure
This complaint order was prepared according to the provisions of Act No. 89/2012 Coll.,Civil Code and z.č. 634/1992 Sb., Consumer Protection Act, as amended(Furthermore "the law") and refers to consumer goods (Furthermore "the goods"), in which the buyer's rights of responsibility for defects are applied in the warranty period (Furthermore "the complaints").
Consumer is every person who except in the framework of his business or outside the independent performance of his profession concludes a contract with an entrepreneur or otherwise act.
Seller is a trading company Gabriela Lightweight, based on Vrnčí mine 2865/21, Jablonec nad Nisou Identification number: 47293888, Trade Layer number 350402-14374-00 Released by Licence office in Jablonec nad Nisou 3.9.1999 under LO/001482/99/VI. Gabriela Lehká is a person who acts within his business or other business activities when concluding and fulfilling contracts.
Defects of goods
- The seller corresponds to the consumer for the fact that the selling thing is in accordance with the Purchase Agreement and is without defects.
- By dealing with the Purchase Agreement, it means that the selling thing:
- has the quality and utility properties of the contract required, the seller, manufacturer or its representative described, or on the basis of them performed by advertising.
- Quality and utility properties for the matter of the usual.
- meets the requirements of legislation.
- It is in the appropriate amount, degree or weight and corresponds to the purpose that the seller for the use of the case is or for which the thing is usually used.
Rights from the defect of goods
- In the event that the consumer is not in accordance with the purchase contract (hereinafter referred to as "the contradiction with the Purchase Agreement"), the consumer has the right to make the seller free of charge free of charge and without undue delay in the condition of the corresponding purchase contract, according to the consumer's requirement either in exchange of thing or by repairing it. It is not - if this can withdraw from the contract.
- However, if it is disproportionate due to the nature of the defect, the consumer has the right to remove the defect.
- The right to deliver a new thing or replacement of the component has a consumer even in the event of a removable defect if it cannot use the case for the repeated incidence of defects after repair or for a larger number of defects. In this case, the consumer and the right to withdraw from the contract.
- If the consumer does not send from the contract or if it does not apply the right to deliver a new cause without defects, the replacement of its component or to repair the matter may require a reasonable discount. The consumer has the right to a reasonable discount even if the seller cannot add a new thing without defects, replace her component or fix the thing.
- The Buyer's defective performance does not belong to the Buyer if the buyer before taking action of the contradiction to the Purchase Agreement knew or contradictory with the purchase contract himself caused.
Deadlines
- The consumer is entitled to apply the right of defect, which occurs in consumer goods during twenty four months after taking over. Contract with poption contract, which will take effect within six (6) months from the date of receipt of the case, is considered to be a contradiction existing at its takeover, if it does not contradict the nature of the case or if it does not prove the opposite.
- The warranty period begins to run by the consumer's acquisition. Unless otherwise stated in the goods documentation, the warranty period shall be 24 months. The warranty period is extended by the period for which the goods were in the complaint procedure. In the event of replacement, a new full warranty period is provided on the goods.
Other
- The seller's responsibility shall not apply to defects:
- wear things caused by its usual use.
- for goods sold at a lower price for a defect for which the lower price was agreed.
- for the goods used at a defect appropriate to the extent of the use or wear, which had the goods upon receipt by the buyer.
- At the request of the consumer, the Seller is obliged to issue a written confirmation of the obligations of defective performance to the extent specified by the Act (Warranty Sheet). Where it allows the nature of the thing, it is sufficient instead of the warranty certificate to issue a proof of purchase of a thing (paragon, invoice) that must contain data as a warranty card. The warranty certificate must include a name or business company seller, IR and headquarters. If it is provided longer than the legal guarantee, the seller shall determine the conditions and extension of the guarantee of the guarantee certificate.
- The consumer is entitled to withdraw from the contract in all cases set by law. The withdrawal is effective from the moment when the Buyer's declaration is delivered to withdrawal if all necessary legal conditions are met. In the case of withdrawal from the contract, the contract from the beginning cancels and the Contracting Parties are obliged to return everything on its basis. In the event of abolition of the contract because of the exercise of the rights of responsibility for defects, the buyer returns to him by the seller, only to the extent to which it is objectively possible in that situation.
Setting up the complaint
- Claims including the removal of the defect must be processed without undue delay, no later than 30 days from the date of application of the complaint if the seller with the buyer agrees for a longer period. After this deadline, the buyer admits the same rights, as if it were a substantial breach of the contract.
- The course of time limits for the settlement of complaints is suspended if the seller has not received any documents needed to settle complaints (parts of goods, other documents, etc.). The Seller is obliged to request supplementation of documents from the buyer in the shortest possible time. The deadline is suspended from this date until the delivery of the requested documents by the Buyer.
- In a situation where the goods need to be sent to the seller, the buyer in their own interest so that the goods are packaged in a suitable and sufficiently protective packaging material complying with the shipment of brittle goods, including all accessories and mark the shipment with the appropriate symbols.
- Service center after properly settling complaint invites the buyer to take over the repaired goods.
- The claim for the application of the guarantee expires in the improper handling of goods, ie, especially in the use of goods in conditions that do not match their parameters in the parameters listed in the goods documentation.
- In case of withdrawal from the purchase contract or providing a discount on the purchase price, the payment price is returned to the buyer transfer to a bank account or handed over in cash at the cash register at the company headquarters or one of the establishments.
Final Provisions
- This Complaints Procedure shall take effect on 1 January 2021. Changes to the complaint order reserved.
The warranty does not apply to wear caused by its usual use.A Genetic Testing Solution Group that is dedicated to the development of molecular tests is looking for a Senior Manager to join their Assay Development Team!
Responsibilities
- Build and lead a team developing molecular assays for research and diagnostic use.
- Grow knowledge and expertise in key disease applications.
- Manage relationships and alignment with both internal and external partners.
- Participate as a member of the cross functional product development teams.
Requirements
- PhD in Molecular Biology with 5+ years of industry experience. Masters in Molecular Biology with 7+ years of industry experience.
- Team management and leadership experience.
- Technical experience in qPCR assay design and validation.
- Experience with Clinical Product Development.
Delivery and shipping costs
If your order is worth €40.00 or more, your goods will be shipped free of charge within Germany. All other shipping costs and free shipping thresholds for Germany and abroad are clearly listed in the following table of shipping costs.
If your order is worth €40.00 or more, your goods will be shipped free of charge within Germany! This offer is not valid for bulky goods and applies exclusively to online orders.Foreign countries Free shipping thresholds for international orders are given in the following table of shipping costs.
Products marked with the "Express" label can be delivered within Germany by DPD Express.
We guarantee delivery by 6:00 p.m. on the next working day (Monday-Friday), if we receive the order before 2:00 p.m.
There is a surcharge of €6.90 for express delivery.**
Deliveries outside the EU are subject to additional customs duties, taxes and fees. Further information on customs duties can also be found at ec.europa.eu
on import turnover tax at
auskunft.ezt-online.de
and especially for Switzerland at xtares.admin.ch
Items marked with the lorry symbol are delivered by a freight forwarder.
The shipping costs for bulky items are calculated either as a flat rate or per item, depending on the destination country. Any valid free shipping thresholds for normal parcel shipping have no influence on this. Please refer to the following shipping costs table for an overview of the currently valid freight forwarding costs.
Opening hours Store and showroom
Please contact our sales team for an exact delivery date.Phone: +49 (0)2871-2347790
Unfortunately, in rare cases, transport damage can occur despite good packaging. Therefore, please make sure that you check your goods for damage on delivery. In the event of damage, please contact our hotline immediately.
Shipping costs
Choose a shipping provider:
We ship to the following countries on a standard basis by DPD:
We ship to the following countries on a standard basis by DHL:What are rubber grommets?
When to performance. These elements need to be protected against the sharp edges of the holes they are threaded through in order to guarantee continued operation.
This is where rubber grommets come in.. The grommets are also able to prevent the grounding of electrical wire when it is passing through metal components.
Aside from protecting components from cuts and rubbing, rubber grommets are also used as vibration dampeners, creating a snug fit between two different components. These types of vibration mount grommets protect against compression forces, and also help to reduce noise levels. These types of grommets are easy to tell apart – they always have one rib thicker than the other, and it is this thickness that provides stability and vibration isolation.
Grommets with extended necks, meanwhile, are often used on electrical appliances where the wire enters a unit, with the neck providing some extra stability for the wiring. Rubber grommets are also great for spacing components apart, with multiple component holes to pass different components through the same hole in the substrate, yet preventing the different components from coming into contact or getting intertwined. Finally, grommets help to create a finished appearance, particularly in furniture applications.
A properly sized rubber grommet will be easy to position, and should snap firmly into the panel hole. They can be sized to fit all types of holes and all types of components, with varying inner and outer diameters and groove widths. A properly sized grommet will provide protection for other components aside from the one that is being threaded through the interior – particularly in electrical applications, the grommet helps to seal gaps and prevent air, water, and dirt from making its way through the hole and having an effect on the wiring or other components.
Rubber grommets can be made from a variety of rubber compounds, depending on the specifications needed, ranging from silicone to Buna-N. This allows for varying levels of hardness to cope with different substrates, depending on the stress levels that are expected. Specially formulated compounds can also be used to combat excessive heat and fungus, if necessary. The highest-specification materials are also resistant to oil and ultraviolet rays, and provide the best protection for sensitive components.
Rubber grommets are not exclusively circular either. Because of the method of production, the rubber can be molded to fit odd shapes, including ovals, squares, or squared-off circles. Rubber grommets are resistant to tearing and abrasion, rust, and corrosion, making them quality long-term solutions.
Elastech Solutions can meet your requirements for rubber grommets. We provide a wide range of grommets to fit your particular needs, with a variety of stock parts as well as the ability to create custom rubber grommets per your specifications. Our sales personnel can be reached at 866-895-8772, or by e-mail sales@elastechsolutions.com, and can help guide you through picking the right materials and designs to make sure your project meets expectations.Our knowledge database provides immediate access to help resolve any questions you may have. You'll find short and concise instructions on individual tasks, as well as relevant manual entries in bite size instructions.
Login to our Knowledge Base, then select the Knowledge Base tab at the top of the page.
Our offices are open at their respective local times between 09:00 and 17:00
Opening hours vary due to public holidays. Please check this page for up and coming holidays and how these will affect our opening times.
If you require emergency technical assistance outside of our opening times, Please rest assured that our technical support teams are still available for all emergency technical query’s.
Head Office: +44 (0)1925 818 918
Global Technology House
11 Padgate Business Park,
Green Lane, Padgate,
Warrington WA1 4JN
Regional Office: +65 68714820
3, Phillip Street
#19-02 Royal Group Building
Singapore 048693
If you would like to find out more information about any of our services, please use our Enquiry form. If you have a support question, please choose Contact Support. All enquiries are treated in confidence and without obligation.Make an enquiry Contact SupportBy Gordon Nary
Gordon: Possibly the best way of introducing you to our readers is to link to your website
Father Brad: For many of your readers I will be an unknown perhaps. I am from Nova Scotia in Canada, on the east coast. I was brought up in a Baptist family and became a member of The Salvation Army while at university so that I could serve those in need. I volunteered then to go overseas and spent the next three years (1987-1990) in Zambia at one of The Salvation Army missions. It may of interest to your readers to learn more of my background which they can read at my website
Gordon: When did you start you ministry in Malawi and what are some of the principal challenges in your ministry?
Father Brad: My current mission is as a priest working in Mzuzu Diocese in northern Malawi. The current situation in the country makes work a little difficult at times as we only have electric power 50% of the day. We also lose water those days as well since in Nkhata Bay where I live the water is pumped from Lake Malawi, but without the electricity we are not able to receive water. As well the sheer poverty of the country and its people. It is very hard to raise money locally for projects as I might have done at my parishes in Canada. Here the average salary is $250 per year. This prevents people from helping themselves. The people are generous with what they do have though' They will gladly greet you in their village or in the street in Tumbuka or Tonga.
The language is also a challenge for me. Though I speak a number of European languages I do not speak the language of Mzuzu Diocese which is Tumbuka. So I have engaged a tutor to help me become acquainted with the language and become familiar with the patterns of speech. Then I will be able to interact on a more personal scale with the people around me. At this point I need to call on people who have a grasp of both languages to help me be made clear.
Another challenge is to remain in contact with friends and family in the rest of the world. Internet and international calling are not common here and so to make connections I have to search out the places where I can find Wi-Fi. I often return to the pen and paper which is sometimes a welcome means of communication. I enjoy writing with fountain pens and good paper so this challenge lets me indulge in this hobby.
Gordon: What are some of the major diseases that affect you parishioners and how effective is the healthcare system in Malawi?
Father Brad: For most of the country there are any number of health challenges. The most common would be HIV/AIDS and malaria. This country is hard hit by these two in particular. The health system is a national system as we have in Canada, but the number of doctors is not enough to meet demands. Medications are expensive and hospitals need repair. There is a diocesan hospital in Mzuzu the St John Hospital', which was at one time one of the best in northern Malawi but which has suffered greatly from neglect for want of funds in the last few years.
I had two bouts of Malaria while I lived in Zambia 1987 to 1990 where I worked as a teacher for The Salvation Army, so understand the results of such a sickness which is a problem for so many here. The lack of medication for even the most basic medical problems, the lack of doctors and nursing staff all contribute to the situation in the country. Many of the doctors and nurses leave for western countries where they can earn a better living in much
Gordon: Please share with our readers an overview of your course on the History of Christianity
Father Brad: I taught for one year a course on the History of Christianity for the American Military University, a component of the American Public University System based in West Virginia. I thought it easier to teach the history of the Catholic Church but they needed to cover Christianity as a whole. Where this university reaches so many serving men and women in the United States Armed Forces it was necessary to create a course that covered both Catholic and non-Catholic from the origins to today. This was an online course and so notes and books had to be available through the Internet. I was able to provide a great many readings through PDF formatted articles which made the course easier to access when service men and women were overseas. The cost is much lower as well.
The course had components of early Christianity after the book of Acts. It entailed reading of documents from the post-Apostolic period and the early Church Fathers. The course moved on to the Middle Ages and monasticism and into the Reformation and Counter Reformation period. And the final period leading up through missionary movements and finally to the early Twentieth Century. The Major text "Concise History of the Catholic Church” by Thomas Bokenkotter.
The major challenge for students was the distance and time to work on the assignments where they were often deployed overseas who tried to work their schedule to include study times and preparing assignments.
Gordon: When you served as a Navel officer in the Canadian Royal Navy (RCN), what were your primary responsibilities?
Father Brad: I was an Intelligence Officer in the RCN. I joined as reserve officer for the unit working with commercial shipping to liaise and de-conflict areas where both war ships and commercial vessels would meet. Though I was a reserve officer I worked full time for the RCN from 1998 until I went to seminary in 2005
We are trained on both warships and commercial ships to know both and understand the operations and purpose of both. In this was when needed we can work directly onboard a tanker or cargo ship and coordinate with the warships in the area. In some instances I was also to liaise between the navies of various countries. In the Persian Gulf, NATO and in international waters off of Canada, I worked on board ships of the USN and liaised between American, British, Canadian and other allied navies. I have both English and French languages as well as a little of some other European languages and so could make do “in a pinch” to speak for the ship on which I was serving.
Gordon: What was you occupation when you received your vocation and what was the response by your coworkers?
Father Brad: When I first made a serious step towards my vocation I was a serving Intelligence officer of the Royal Canadian Navy. It was while I was “on loan” to the United States Navy in the Persian Gulf that I made a decision to seek out if I should indeed follow the vocation in my heart. I had been assigned to a tour of duty in the Persian Gulf in 2002. My work was to track suspicious commercial shipping which was my training I would prepare reports every day between 4 and 7 AM for the commander of our unit at sea. I was posted ashore. And I was to provide convoy creation information for protected units at sea in the Persian Gulf, Gulf of Oman and the various straits between the bodies of water.
Towards the end of my tour my building was bombed. In that short moment which was a focal point in life I made a more concerted effort to seek the Kingdom of God over the personal desires I had.
Upon my return to Canada I made inquiries with the diocese I lived in and also visited the seminary in Montreal where I eventually went for my studies for the priesthood. Many people felt unsure about the decision since I had a career in the military already and was paid well. And members of my own family were unsure since I am a convert to Catholicism and this was well outside their understanding For many coworkers it was an abandonment of the mission we had. And it is hard to leave those you have trained with in the military. You don’t get to wear the uniform and have “Canada” on your shoulder sleeve without having to earn it. (You won’t see many medals on Canadian uniforms. We tend to serve without fanfare “Queen and country”).
Gordon: How can our readers support you in your mission?
Father Brad: What I would need most is prayer. The country is poor, one of the poorest in the world. There are always projects to support and the diocese has so many areas to support as well. We have schools, hospitals, clinics, mission stations well away from the most basic resources of water and electricity. A start could be to visit the web site of the diocese and see the activities and needs. We have a new site and a link to the old one where much current information can be found atIntroducing
Cilla Grace Harris
right before going home from the hospital
Sorry for the delay. We have had little access to internet the last couple of days, not to mention the days have been crazy! We are home now and oh so happy to be! I wanted to share a few pics of our sweet little girl. I will share more details and pics later but hopefully this will give everyone a chance to see her.
28 comments:
She is beautiful!!!!
I think it's good for guys like Scott and Flint to have little girls!! Those girls get them wrapped around their fingers!!
The days will just get busier - hope you are getting sleep and enjoying this time!
Congratulations! She is so beautiful. You look great, too. Can't wait to see more pics.
Congratulations! Cilla is beautiful!! Enjoy your babymoon!!
I knew she was beautiful!
She is gorgeous!! What a beautiful family of 3!! Congrats!!
Awe Rebekah she's perfect!
What a beautiful family! I hope all is going well, I don't know you but i saw your blog on Kelly's blog :)
-Mary
What a beautiful family! I hope all is going well, I don't know you but i saw your blog on Kelly's blog :)
-Mary
She is PRECIOUS!!!! I'm so glad to hear that you all are doing well. I had a feeling that you all would have a girl. Flint will definitely have trouble saying no to her!! :)
She is beautiful!! I know you are so glad to be home!
She is beautiful! Congratulations!! I can't wait to see her in person!! I hope you're feeling well; take good care of yourself & get plenty of rest. And enjoy every sweet second of her being so small -- they grow way too quickly!
Rebekah....she is perfect!!!!!! You're going to be such a good mom!!! And Flint...oh my! He's in trouble now. That little one has got the best of him already. Congrats on a new start to a wonderfully wild ride!!!
Congratulations! She's beautiful =]
Congratulations! How precious is she? Hope you all are adjusting as a family of 3, call anytime if you need anything :)
Many blessings...
ejw
She is just precious, and I agree that there is nothing like seeing a father with his daughter.
She is so precious!!! Very beautiful and I love the itzy bitzy outfit. That was my favorite brand with Brycen was little. It fits perfect!
Christy
She is just precious! I love her going home outfit and bow! I wish I could hold her!
I have no idea how i missed his post! I have been waiting forever to see a picture of her!!
She is so beautiful!!!! She must take after her beautiful momma who looks way too good in those pictures!
I hope you are feeling good!
Congratulations! What a beautiful baby!! :)
Well, she is about the sweetest little thing in that precious white outfit! She is just beautiful and I know you and Flint are just in another world with happiness!
What a blessing! Congratulations and enjoy every minute...even when she is fussy....it goes by soooo quickly!
Congrats. She's gorgeous! Two sweet outfits in one post too! Can't wait to see more. How are you? I ended up in a C-section too; a little tougher to recooperate from. Call me. How's breastfeeding going?
Congratulations! She is absolutely beautiful!
What a beautiful family you have! Enjoy every minute with her --she's adorable -- and so are YOU!
So glad to see pics of Cilla! She is precious, and I'm so thankful everything went well.
I'm thinking about you as you heal while trying to care for Cilla. Hang in there!
She is beautiful but definitely not a little girl. She must be almost out of newborn clothes.
she is adorable!! congratulations!!!
Cilla is beautiful! We can't wait to meet her!
What a doll! She is absolutely precious. We cant wait to meet Cilla! Congratulations!
Congratulations! Cilla Grace is beautiful! I love the big pink bowWelcome to the Raising the Breeder Bar, Education and Training Program, by Shadow Mountain Australian Labradoodles INC. 12 years ago, we became interested in the Australian Labradoodle Breed for the same reasons many people do; loving, people focused, eager to please, low to non- shedding, allergy friendly, beautiful appearance and health testing of parents. What we were most interested in was the temperament and the potential of the dogs being candidates for Service and Therapy Work.
There are several hundred breeders nationwide. We stand apart and above by keeping our focus on preserving, improving and promoting the breed with a focus on setting the puppy and family up for success and the potential for Service and Therapy work. We have created a program that maintains the positive aspects of home breeding, such as one on one attention and socialization, while using education, experience and multiple trade resources to create a professional program that ensures excellent care, buyers education and support with a commitment to set our puppies and families up for success.
Each of our puppies is prepared with the idea that whether they ever wear a Service Vest or not, they will have a foundation starting with physically and mentally healthy parents, excellent socialization, outstanding health care and to place with a family that is prepared for the responsibility.
We are so excited to have you join us on the exciting and rewarding journey of raising Multigeneration Australian Labradoodles. Please complete the application for RTBB on this page if you would like to schedule a phone appointment.We all have small issues in our day-to-day lives, and many people refer to them as “first-world problems.” A new study from Goldsmith University asked thousands of young adults in their 20s about these little problems, and then asked a number of people in their 50s what their biggest worries were twenty years ago. The differences between the answers were stark. Here are the top five gripes of young adults today:
1) having to wait in the house all day for a delivery because there isn’t a specific time-slot;
2) forgetting your log-in passwords;
3) leaving your phone at home;
4) no free Wi-Fi at a hotel;
5) the buffering sign when you are streaming something online.
Here’s what older adults said they worried about most in 1997:
1) having a happy relationship;
2) earning enough to pay rent and bills;
3) whether they can afford a vacation;
4) saving for their first home;
5) when they got photos developed and most of them were over-exposed.
Researcher Patrick Fagan, a consumer behavioral psychologist, adds, “We are instinctively hardwired to look for problems. While we used to fret over rent and job security, our concerns have now transmuted into more fickle problems.” (Daily Mail)or Join Now!
05-19-2015 03:19 PM
by CalumetWoodworks |
2 comments »
Due to some concerns about copyright infringement, I have decided to take down this blog. This is by my choice and not by anything that has happened (NOTHING has happened, just dont want to tempt fate.)
Thanks for looking at the original blog!
Read this entry » |-28-2015 07:13 PM
by Gbluee |
I was in need of reorganizing my work space, so I started with finishing this fir bench that I had framed up a few years back to double it as a outfeed table. All the wood used was reclaimed, therefore at no cost. At this point I will move it to it’s new spot in my shop and match the table saw to the back left corner and line up for routing out Miter slide tracks in the top. The handles are made of Spalted Oak.
You can see a video of the build here…...
04........
1 2 3 4 ... 93
9VANCOUVER, British Columbia — Smartcool Systems Inc. has partnered with smartACR to develop an automated energy management system for small commercial buildings that integrates Smartcool’s software with smartACR’s wireless control sensors and cloud-based thermostat for air conditioning, heat pump, and refrigeration systems.
According to the companies, over 4 million small commercial buildings in the United States (90 percent of all buildings in the country) have no IT-infrastructure to manage energy use because it has not been cost effective. smartACR is introducing a new solution for small buildings, consisting of intelligent wireless control and a cloud-based automation platform.
Smartcool’s software is forming the backbone of this new solution, which is designed to reduce energy consumption of the air conditioning, heat pump, and/or refrigeration systems in small buildings by an average of 25 percent, said the companies. These energy cost savings will exceed the monthly fee charged, so operators of small facilities gain immediate cash flow with no out-of-pocket costs.
Paul Gregory, CEO of smartACR, said,  is rolling out this service with Dunkin Donuts franchisees including CAFUA management, the largest Dunkin brands franchisee in the world, as a part of National Grid’s energy efficiency program for restaurants. The company said other customers are also moving,” said George Burnes, president and CEO.”
For more information about smartACR, visit. For more information about Smartcool, visit.
Publication date: 4/21/2014
Want more HVAC industry news and information? Join The NEWS on Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn today![ad_1]
A person is by default selfish and therefore does not think twice about the consequences of his actions to his neighbors. Naturally, a person is bound to take care of himself and his family. As long as he is satisfied, he does not care about his neighbors. It is not necessary to investigate others. Sometimes a person is entertained by others to comfort himself. Once he is well, he is not interested in anyone else who is not well. Some have made it a practice to engage in unwholesome activity, as if their conscience were dead. These conscientious objectors amass wealth by injuring others.
The National Food and Drug Administration (NDA) has recently warned Nigerians of the dangers of eating frozen foods, as some unscrupulous people are protecting the dead body with a chemical called formalin. Frozen fish, poultry and turkey are the most common foods that have been poisoned by fish and meat vendors. When formaldehyde is used, it can cause serious damage to organs. NAFDAC later reported that some “klishi” (dry meat) sellers use the poison Sniper to protect and protect flies from meat. Cruel!
Professor Mojisisola Adeye, Director General of the NFDAC, described how some marketers use kerosene or petrol lubricants to bring vegetable oils to market. According to her, we have noticed that some tanks used to carry kerosene or petroleum products are washed a little and carry vegetable oil inside. It is very dangerous, because, of course, such vegetable oil contamination. Innocent people go and buy these vegetable oils and eventually they get sick. When you see this, kindly report it to NAFDAC so we can do something about it. He also advised Nigerians to beware of red palm oil as some traders have now turned red, a dangerous chemical called crocodile red, into red, inviting and appealing. This can be an artificial food coloring cancer and can affect both major and minor organs. How can one do this without fear on earth?
I read in the news last year that some chefs and chefs are adding paracetamol tablets to the meat to reduce the cooking time. High doses of paracetamol in the body can damage the liver. In fact, studies have shown that some people commit suicide by taking too much paracetamol. If taking large doses can be fatal in a short period of time, consider how severe paracetamol can be in the body. It has also been reported that some farmers and bean sellers use snipers to treat and protect raw beans from pests. Some time ago, it was known to some meat sellers that flies were driven out of the raw meat by selling formaldehyde. At other times, Nigerians have been warned by NAFDAC to beware of carbohydrates that can cause cancer in the body.
The uncontrollable desire to acquire the wealth of many today stems from laziness and impatience. These people can go to great lengths to become rich overnight without paying their dues or making the right channels. These rich-minded people enter into ritual sacrifices for the sake of making money, sacrificing human life and even vital organs.
Sadly, many who engage in these murderous acts are aware of the harmful effects of such acts, and they do not worry too much about the potential benefits of killing people indirectly and silently. In our society today, it is common for people to indulge in extravagant, ungodly acts. Because most people or most people do the same, they say it is good and safe. This is the thinking of the destroyers when they destroy or steal what is intended to improve their lives. For those involved in theft and vandalism, it is because many people do the same thing and do not want to see anything bad or inappropriate. Doing the same thing to others around you is not right or wrong. Always be guided by your conscience and strive to be faithful to him.
Another day, a pregnant woman in Delta State died in a hospital bed. The news was that the on-duty nurse had not been able to monitor the woman who was in labor. The pregnant caregiver reportedly went home to pick up some maternity items. The caregiver returned only to see the pregnant woman on the floor while the nurses were asleep. Mandatory negligence and evil!
Where did we get it personally as a country? what’s the matter? What is missing? How do we track our actions? Who is responsible for our situation? In William Shakespeare’s play, Cassius must constantly remember the thought-provoking meal of William Shakespeare’s play: If we change our ways, our problems will be solved automatically. We hurt ourselves by our own actions. Remember, karma is real and true: if you do evil, evil will protect you; If it is good, it will be good in turn.
In an effort to jump on the right, honorable, and honorable path to success, most people become discouraged and jump on the bandwagon of good and bad. Greed is rampant, and it tends to hurt people in any way they can. Thoughts about the consequences and effects of their actions often begin to disappear; They slowly suppress their conscience and kill.
Before taking that step, please consider a second time. If you suspect that the action will affect the community positively or negatively, seek a second opinion!
- Lagos State Traffic Management Authority Public Affairs and Enlightenment Department Kayode Ojewale at 08034825969
all rights reserved. This article and other content on this site may not be reproduced, reproduced, distributed, written, or distributed on this site without the written permission of PUNCH.
Contact [email protected]
[ad_2]Engagement: Williams — Dransfield
GREENVILLE – Mr. and Mrs. James Elisha Williams, III of Greenville, Virginia, are pleased to announce the engagement of their daughter, Miss Mary Elizabeth Williams, to Mr. Devon Wesley Dransfield, son of Mr. and Mrs. Donald Wayne Dransfield of Union, West Virginia.
Miss Williams is the granddaughter of Mrs. Dorothy Groves Utz of Culpeper, Virginia, the late Mr. John Edward Utz, and the late Mr. and Mrs. James Elisha Williams, Jr. of Greenville, Virginia.
Mr. Dransfield.
Miss Williams received a Bachelor of Science degree from Virginia Tech and is a candidate to receive a Doctorate of Physical Therapy degree from Virginia Commonwealth University's School of Allied Health Professions.
Mr. Dransfield received a Bachelor of Science degree in Animal and Poultry Science from Virginia Tech's College of Agriculture and Life Sciences. He is employed by Featherstone Farm of Amelia, Virginia, and is a partner in Mineral Springs Shorthorns of Gap Mills, West Virginia.
An August 2014 wedding in Greenville, Virginia is planned.A Killeen family is raising money to give back to a California man who they say saved their 10-year-old daughter from drowning.
Samantha Whiting says she was at a Monterey beach with her children and mom when a riptide took her oldest daughter out far in the ocean, according to her GoFundMe page.
"I swam as hard as I could to her but underestimated the current, I had her on my back but it was slowly taking both of us down," Whiting says.
The Killeen woman says she yelled for help and a man by the name of Kevin Cozzi swam out and grabbed her daughter.
"If it wasn’t for him risking his life in such a selfless act I would have lost not only my own life but my baby girl," she said on the fundraiser page.
Samantha had been searching for Cozzi before she recently posted in a Merced Neighborhood Watch Facebook group, where she explained what happened on Aug. 15 and asked if anyone could help her find the hero, according to KFSN.
Within hours they reconnected.
Whiting is now raising money for Kevin and his fiance to have their dream wedding and honeymoon as an act of appreciation with a GoFundMe named "A hero named Kevin."
The couple had to cancel their big day due to the pandemic, KFSN reports.
The fundraiser has raised over its $20,000 goal in just 5 days and can be found here./cdn.vox-cdn.com/photo_images/6676993/20120427_jel_ab2_317.jpg)
All but five of the first round pick in April's draft have signed. One of those five is Titans first round pick Kendall Wright. I obviously have no idea what all goes into negotiating an NFL contract, but I really cannot figure out what the delay is. The 19th and 21st pick in the draft have already signed. That would seem to make the parameters of the contract really easy.
The Bears took Shea McClellin with the 19th pick. He signed a 4-year $8.26 million dollar contract with a $4.5 million signing bonus. All four years of the base salary are guaranteed.
The Patriots took Chandler Jones with the 21st pick. He signed a 4-year $8.1 million dollar contract with a $4.4 million signing bonus. His deal is not fully guaranteed. The first three years are, but the fourth is only half guaranteed.While the NFL doesn't have the same slotting system that the NBA does, it has gotten pretty close with the new CBA. It would seem that contract for Wright would be a 4-year deal worth somewhere around $8.2 million with a signing bonus of $4.5 million.
There are a lot of rumors floating around out there about what the problem is. If it really is that the Titans don't want to guarantee the fourth year- why not? It is extremely rare for a player not to play out his rookie contract, so the odds are that they are either going to be paying that fourth year anyway, or they will have signed him to an extension.
There is no reason to worry yet, and the odds are that it will get done in the next couple of days are pretty good, but it sure would be nice for him to be there before the veterans report this weekend.When I was a child, my best friend was from Spain. Every Easter morning, her Grandmother, who spoke no English, delivered these absolutly wonderful, freshly baked slightly sweet and colorful loafs to the neighbors. When we were 11, they moved back to Madrid. My mom had me write, begging for the recipe. What we got was a list of ingredients and very vague directions from a woman who had been making these by instinct forever. Below is what we've figured out through much trial and error. Feel free to experiment if you have a flair for bread making, and leave me some tips!
- Yield
- 1 very large loaf
Ingredients
- 8 cups Flour
- 4 Eggs
- 2 1/2 bars softened Butter
- 1 little bottle Anise
- 2 cups Sugar
- 1 cup Milk
- Sambuca
- Rainbow Non-Pareils
- And Either:
- 1/2 bar cake Yeast & 1/2 cup warm Water
- or
- 1/2 packet dry Yeast & 1/8 cup warm Water
Preparation
- In bowl, proof yeast in warm water (follow basic instructions on wrapper for time and temperature) Add all ingredients except flour. "Add as much flour as it needs." (my favorite quote from the original directions) Take out of bowl and knead with hands on a well floured board. Make shape like a large doughnut. Let rise for 8 hours. Bake in 375 degree oven for 45 minutes. Paint with Sambuca and add sprinkles. Serve warm with butter. My friend's grandmother placed in the center of the loaf a brightly colored Easter egg. The dough would close in around it as it rose. She provided no instructions for this, though I assume it was raw when dyed and put in the oven--I've never tried to duplicate it. I recommend having warm water running nearby when you start to knead the dough, as the consistancy is like Elmer's Paste and this makes clean-ups so much easier. If you don't like getting dirty when you bake, this may not be the recipe for you. But it would be an enormous loss!Mining Accessories that you can’t go without
Undoubtedly, mining is a dangerous profession. The question that always comes to mind is what the mining community can do to reduce the risks to
Helpful Tips and News
Undoubtedly, mining is a dangerous profession. The question that always comes to mind is what the mining community can do to reduce the risks to
Mining operations around the world presents similar risks to worker safety and health. Although various techniques are employed to extract base metals, precious metals, non-metallic
Having a career in the mining industry can be hazardous; however, injuries can be avoided by strictly adhering to mining safety regulations and wearing protective
Mobile workshops are already hugely beneficial, but the customisation of mobile workshops takes the benefits to another level. Businesses of various industries can benefit from
Strobe lights are bright flashing lights that are used for various applications. They are commonly used on law enforcement vehicles as well as other industrial
A fire extinguisher plays an essential role in fire safety. They are used to prevent a fire from progressing past its beginning stages; however, it
Falling Object Protection Structure: FOPS , always work with a ROPS (Roll Over Protection Structure). Depending on the certification of the ROPS ( that will decide
Mine lights We supply a range of mine lights, including cap lamps; an essential piece of equipment that has to be carried by every person
Since our mobile workshop solutions are completely custom-fabricated, their applications are truly endless. To give you an idea of their power and flexibility, we would
Working on a mine is extremely dangerous. Even with all the safety precautions in place, there are still many accidents that occur on mining sites.Brigid Alverson shows us how it’s done in this comprehensive report on the state of the US manga market. The big shock is that despite sales shrinkage since the boom years, it’s still a relatively stable market:
At the ICv2 Conference on Comics & Digital II that preceded New York Comic Con last October, ICv2 CEO and industry analyst Milton Griepp offered a grim take on the manga market: while sales of comics and graphic novels as a whole were up, in his annual white paper on comics publishing, Griepp said that manga sales have declined for the past three years and were down 35% in the first half of 2012.
The next day, as if in some alternate reality, fans dressed as anime and manga characters crowded the halls of the Javits Center, lined up to get autographs from Moyoco Anno, packed a large room to hear Yoshitaka Amano speak, and competed enthusiastically in trivia games to win swag featuring anime and manga characters. What’s going on here? The manga market may be smaller than it was five years ago, but a substantial fanbase remains, and publishers contacted by PW for this article said they are optimistic that the decline has come to an end, that long-awaited digital initiatives are attracting readers, and that the manga market is stabilizing at a new, sustainable level.
While the market has gone through an incredible boom and inevitable decline, and many manga-only publishers have gone by the wayside, the ones left seem stable—Yen, Viz, Dark Horse, Vertical—and manga has been added to the art comix lineups at Fantagraphics, D&Q, and PictureBox:
Several smaller publishers are targeting older readers. Dark Horse’s swordplay manga sell well in comics shops. DMI specializes in yaoi manga (romances between two males) and recently added hentai (explicit adult titles) manga to its line, and they have run two successful Kickstarter campaigns to publish manga by the late and prolific manga superstar Osamu Tezuka. Vertical also publishes Tezuka titles as well as teen manga, and recently it began publishing josei manga, which is aimed at young women.
In addition, North American indie and small-press graphic novel publishers now actively seek out and publish literary manga, works much like the artists they already publish. Drawn and Quarterly publishes the work of such acclaimed literary manga-ka as Yoshihiro Tatsumi and Shigeru Mizuki; Fantagraphics launched a line of classic manga in 2010; and recently PictureBox, which specializes in publishing innovative literary and experimental indie comics, announced it was launching Ten Cent Manga, a line that will showcase manga influenced by America and other cultures.
PictureBox owner Dan Nadel says that the audience for these books is not the traditional manga reader. “It seems like it’s a lot of the same people reading other PictureBox books and authors like the indie anthology Kramers Ergot, Matthew Thurber, and Sammy Harkham,” he says. “There’s a couple generations of readers hungry for this broadening of the manga narrative.”
The “manga era” might be receding a bit into the the keepsake box of future millennial nostalgia but there’s still plenty of life in that category.
The million dollar question, which I asked back in 2006 or so:
What happens when the teens devouring manga get tired of same old same old?
Do they quit manga and discover some other distraction?
Do they discover other genres in manga?
And… if they draw, will they create manga and comics?
Well, what happened? Are those who read manga in 06 onto something else in 13 or what, they all growed up by now. I’d hope some have learnt to write and draw and will create comics and do something new, rather than copy the same old same old.
Actually, I’m having a hard time finding much of the same old same old manga genres that I enjoyed a decade ago.
Martial arts extravaganzas like Dragonball? I guess there are Naruto and Bleach, but they seem to be spinning their wheels. One Piece is still enjoyable, but it seems to be an outlier.
Giant robot space opera like Macross? I’m drawing a blank on compelling modern examples.
Sports adventures like Eyeshield 21 or Whistle? Again drawing a blank.
Romances like Maison Ikkoku, not just yaoi or hentai? Nothing I have seen recently has been appealing to me.
Manga about everyday topics like cooking, or business, like Oishinbo? I haven’t seen anything like that in a while.
Have I changed as a reader, or does the landscape of manga seem genuinely bleaker? I do appreciate the attempts by more literary publishers to expand their manga lines with older or more independent works. And I remain hopeful that more great Japanese material is just waiting to be released. But the US market is not what it was.
Torsten and Alex, I’ll give you a totally unscientific and anecdotal answer to your question, based on my experience with my daughters and their friends, reading to fifth-graders every year on Community Reading Day, and talking to librarians: Most of the kids I knew as teenagers (now in their early 20s) read manga for a few years and then stopped. They didn’t move on to the mature titles—that’s a totally different audience. They are still readers, and they will pick up an occasional graphic novel as they would any other type of book, but they aren’t married to the medium.
There is a new cohort of teen readers, and a lot of them are reading online on bootleg sites, but the fact that Sailor Moon and Naruto continue to be the top selling series indicates that they are buying, at least some of the time.
Yep, its a genuine reflection of it consumer base and publishers are being more discerning with what they publish(Fanta and D&Q esp.). not much else to say but, a bit of advice to the current generation of Otaku: Diversify beyond what your reading right now. read everything, even the stuff you hate and never knew existed.
So, flush our hard earned money down the toilet and encourage people to make more crap. Better advice, buy more of what you like and what everyone else doesn’t. Why? That will encourage more of what you like, and what everyone else likes, they will pay for. (Hopefully… buy some, just not a ton). Wait, are you asking people to buy what they hate because nobody likes what you write? Oh, you devious, devious glorious baster! (censored for your convenience). Why would we buy what we don’t want? That’s just silly. Buy what you want, and focus on what there isn’t enough of. (In your opinion).
Also, otaku, like nerd, are typically focused on what they like. One can be a manga nerd, or one can be a shonen, shoujo, or bishonen nerd, or a book nerd, or a harry potty nerd. Whatever.
Hmm… edit would be nice, I would love to tone that down.The majority of destination weddings are beautiful (the dazzling sun has that positive affect) but today's wedding at Abbaye Chateau de Camon in France is truly phenomenal. An impeccable venue, Abbaye Chateau de Camon was the perfect setting for Charlotte and Peter to celebrate their 13 year relationship. Adding extra sentiment bride Charlotte created all the decorations herself, including authentic vintage touches - all captured by The Picture Rooms photography...
In love with this phenomenal room...
Beautiful bride Charlotte tells her love story..."Peter and I first started dating nearly 16 years ago. (Half of our lives to date!) We both went to the largest secondary school in Ireland and it wasn't until transition year that our paths crossed, on a retreat of all places! I knew instantly that I liked him and it was only a matter of time until I managed to convince him of the same. We have pretty much transitioned into adults together and have been inseparable since we first met. We have lived together for the last 9 years and getting married seemed very right. (Much to our families and friends dismay that they had to wait so long for the party!)"
Together for such a long time Charlotte was convinced the proposal wouldn't be a surprise. Alas she was wrong..."Peter and I had been together 13 years before we got engaged. We had discussed marriage and had both agreed when the time was right we would go for it. Every holiday I went on, the girls in the office would look at me expectantly on my return and every time I reassured them that I would know well in advance if Peter was going to propose...Until of course...I didn't! Peter proposed on a blissful and romantic holiday to the Amalfi coast in Italy. We were watching the sun go down on the rooftop terrace of the hotel overlooking the bay of Naples. We chose not to tell anybody for a few days so we could enjoy the experience between the two of us. It was a great decision, we felt like giddy school children with a big secret! Peter knew me well enough to not buy me a ring. It's so much fun to go ring shopping, I wouldn't have swapped the experience for anything!"
In the end Charlotte chose a vintage engagement ring and a bespoke wedding band. A choice she would highly recommend..."A very talented jeweller, Luisa Verling, made my wedding ring. My engagement ring is vintage and has a beautiful oval diamond. This posed a problem when I went to buy my wedding ring. No conventional ring would sit correctly beside it. Luisa offered the perfect solution and designed a stunning diamond studded wedding band that nestled in perfectly next to my engagement ring like a jigsaw piece. Luisa also designed and made Peter’s wedding band. Peter was very reluctant to wear a ring at all but Luisa showed him the light with her exquisite design."
Again, such beautiful surroundings!!
Eager to have an intimate wedding celebration Charlotte and Peter chose to have a destination wedding in France at the one of a kind Abbaye Chateau de Camon - which they actually found on One Fab Day! Charlotte told us..."I found the Abbey by trawling through blogs (One Fab Day was one of the first places I came across it!) I had created a picture in my head of the venue, which is dangerous. We planned a trip to France and visited many châteaux. The Abbey was the first we visited and none of the venues thereafter could top it. There is a wonderful serenity about it. Not only is the location beautiful, nestled into the foothills of the Pyrenees, but also the owners are so welcoming and the chateau is picture perfect."
A lover of vintage Charlotte chose a silk and lace vintage wedding dress and beautiful vintage bridesmaid dress for the wedding - both from one of our favourite boutiques, Dirty Fabulous. Vintage was also reflected in the venue styling with vintage handkerchiefs on each guests chair, vintage typewriter signage, vintage lace and vintage drink dispensers.
The Dirty Fabulous ladies looking well, fabulous!
Seeing as guests had travelled to France for the wedding Charlotte and Peter made a big effort to ensure everyone had the best time from the moment they arrived. Charlotte details the wedding weekend..."We organised a buffet meal for the Friday night which allowed the guests to ease into the celebrations and exchange hellos. The wedding ran all day on Saturday and the ceremony was held on the château grounds in the Magnolia garden. The champagne reception was held on the terrace with the flamenco guitar players. The meal took place al fresco in the cloisters and the dancing followed in the monk’s kitchen with the Caroline jazz band- the atmosphere was electric."
Charlotte continues..."We planned a very chilled lunch for the Sunday afternoon, this allowed for sore heads and tired limbs after the relentless celebrating the previous day and night. We had a wedding cake made entirely from rounds of cheese and we laid out picnic blankets and served a selection of homemade cocktails in vintage drink dispensers. We entertained our guests with a variety of garden games; swingball, an enormous tug-of-war rope, cornhole, limbo, ring toss and sacks for old-fashioned sack races. No good games would be complete without a prize giving so the winners were all presented with medals. I laughed so much my belly hurt!"
A huge congrats to you both and thanks so much for sharing your wonderful destination wedding in France with us all!
A big thank you also goes to The Picture Rooms for sharing their work with us. To see more from The Picture Rooms visit
Recommended Suppliers
Wedding Dress, Bridesmaid Dresses & Accessories: Dirty Fabulous
Rings and Earrings: Luisa Verling
The Wedding Details
- Ceremony & Reception: Abbaye Chateau de Camon
- Shoes: Aldo
- Flowers: Fleurs de Mirepoix
- Bespoke Groom's Suit: mysuit.ie
- Accessories: Marolsha
- Hair: Annette Carr
- Make Up: Aisling Moore Tournie
- Reception Music: Caroline Jazz Band
- Groom's Hat: Shevlin Millinery
- Photographer: The Picture RoomsBy Kris Smith
Defenseman, Jagger Dirk joined the Stars for the 2019-2020 season and the Canadian brought experience and size to the Dundee blueline.
The 27-year-old had previously played in the American Hockey League, East Coast Hockey League and the USports League.
Firstly, Jagger explained what he has been doing during the last year, since leaving Dundee.
He said: “I have been working as a financial advisor back here in Canada and I am also still training for next season, so that I can get back to playing hockey again.”
Dirk played in 54 games of the 2019/2020 Elite League season, scoring four goals and assisting on 31 more.
The defender then shared what his favourite moments with the club were and he said: “My fondest memories were with the fans after we won a big game and all the time I spent with the guys on the team.
“My favourite memory in the Stars jersey would just be all the support we had from the fans, even when the team was not playing the best, you guys were always there for us.
“But the funniest moment was when the guys had to sing and dance to the backstreet boys.”
The Penticton, British Colombia native then revealed more about what made him choose to sign with the Stars in the summer of 2019.
Jagger explained: “I wanted to peruse my masters degree and I knew some of the guys that had signed with Dundee before me, so it seemed like a great fit.”
Finally, Dirk shared a message to all the Stars fans back in Dundee and he said: “I would like to say to the fans to keep up the support and excitement for the team whenever the league is able to start again.
“Without the fans, hockey is not as enjoyable as it should be, so thank you for everything!”]wessex
fleet
This site is powered by
wessex
fleet
Can’t find what
your looking for
Thursday 24th December – 8.30 – 2.30pm
Friday 25th December - CLOSED
Boxing Day (Saturday) - CLOSED
Monday 28th December - CLOSED
Tuesday 29th December – 9.00 am - 4.30pm
Wednesday 30th December – 9.00 am – 4.30pm
Thursday 31st December – 9.00 am – 4.00pm
Friday 1st January- CLOSED
Monday 4th January – 8.30am – 8.00pm
New VehiclesSupplied by UK Dealers
Road TaxIncluded
NationwideFree Mainland UK Delivery
5 Star RatedGenuine Customer Reviews
Check out our top offers here or click the button below to view all.
We pride ourselves in providing a wide range of high quality vans, with the best rates.
We supply every vehicle available in the UK
Our pricing team is always reviewing our rates
All vehicles supplied by UK dealer network
We help personal and business users
We’ve been trading over 16 years
We have a 4 step lease process which is quick and efficient.
Step 1Find your perfect van Browse our top offers
Step 2Enquire & Arrange Finance Easy online application
Step 3Order your new van e-Docs sent straight to your inbox
Step 4Take Delivery We deliver straight to you
See what all of our customers are saying...
Below are our top eight makes, click to view all vehicles under each brand.
Check out one of our helpful guides or our explaination of leasing to get all your questions answered.Mission: BSA builds essential relationships between distributors and manufacturers.
The Annual Convention brings together the top leadership of only authorized distributors and manufacturers of bearings and bearing related products and offers unparalleled opportunities to grow successful relationships with trusted supply chain partners. The 2021 Business program celebrates BSA's past and focuses how you, your company, and the association will prepare for the future of the bearing industry.
Product Information Exchange (PIE)
Scott Eiss, NTN, BSA PIE Template and BSA PIE Technology Platform Task Force Chairman will present an update on the PIE Technology Platform that performs automated data transformation and creation of PIE compliant, distributor ready, product rich content in a single, secure platform accessible by authenticated distributor partners who can access the dates 24/7/365 in a variety of formats including customizable APIs.
The BSA PIE Technology Platform makes rich content product data, including images and attributes, easily accessible to end users from authorized distributor websites.
Certification and Education
John Masek, Bearing Service, and CBS Task Force Chairman, will present the newly updated CBS Study Guide and Examination.
BSA Excellence Award Program
2020 Award winning products will be presented.
BSA Vice President Mitch Bouchard, General Bearing Service, Inc., will provide an update on Industry Trends as reported by BSA member distributors in the BSA PAR report.
The ABMA will provide an update from manufacturers about bearing industry growth in North America and the world and will include pertinent data and lessons learned that relate to the future of the bearing industry.
Mack Dryden, Comedian (his humor column has won top prize in its category from Louisville’s Society of Professional Journalists two years in a row) and traveling the country bringing his special brand of Motivation, Inspiration and Jubilation to thousands each year. It hasn’t been an easy road; but, as he says, “Falling on your face is still moving forward!”
Justin Roff-Marsh, President, Ballistix
Justin will outline a radically different approach to the design of the sales department (and to adjacent departments). His central idea is that salespeople should do nothing other than selling conversations (exclusively in pursuit of new business) and that the rest of the organization should be designed around this end-state. He will challenge most (if not all) of the assumptions that underpin the standard sales model and equip you with a new model capable of accelerating the growth of your organization.
Justin Roff Marsh is the Founder of Ballistix, a sales management and marketing consultancy, specializing in the implementation and ongoing support. Ballistix builds sales and customer-service functions in keeping with the approach outlined in The Machine. Ballistix has teams in the USA and Australia, working on engagements all over the world.!
Justin Thomas, SaaS Director, Blue Meteor and Sanjay Agarwal, President & CEO, Blue Meteor
With over two decades of experience, Blue Meteor’s primary focus is on transforming B2B and B2C companies by establishing an efficient and effective eCommerce strategy builtd on the bedrock of product experience. They help businesses achieve this, combining the tenets of rich product content, data accuracy and completeness, customer-focused organization, and timely responsiveness to continual change. Justin and Sanjay will outline how your business can leverage the power of content to win big on the digital shelf.
and the Power Strategies to Make it Happen
Joel Block, Disruption Futurist®, Hedge Fund Manager, & Venture Capitalist Bullseye Capital
Joel’s a futurist, longtime venture capitalist & hedge fund manager (gobbledygook for professional investor) who lives in a Shark Tank like on TV. Initially a professional BlackJack player, counting cards and beating casinos in Las Vegas, Joel later built and sold his publishing company to a Fortune 500. Imagine how his cage-rattling keynote exposes Wall Street insights and the inside track on high-velocity innovation – empowering your team to predict and prepare for its future..Description
You'll love this Patio home in the Eagle Vale Community. Situated on a cut-de-sac, it has 2-story foyer and beautiful stained glass front door. The Great Room has a skylight and floor to ceiling fireplace. There is an informal dining area which is open to the Great Room. This floor plan offers total privacy with the first floor master suite which includes a dressing area, walk-in closet and soaking tub. The large kitchen has an island, recessed lighting, sliding glass door to back yard, an office/desk space and appliances are included. First floor laundry with cabinets, window and sink. Beautiful hardwood floors, brand new carpeting in the Great Room and Dining area. Second floor has large loft, two bedrooms and full bath along with a walk-in attic area. There is central air and Fairport Electric. HOA is $180/month plus $30/annual fee. HOA is phenomenal and includes roof replacement, driveway sealing, exterior paint, snow plowing, lawn mowing, etc. Delayed showings until Nov. 23, 2021. Negotiations will take place Nov. 28 at noon.
Similar Listings
4 Beds
3 Baths
2,583 Sq ft
$324,900
MLS# R1379631
Courtesy of: RE/MAX Realty Group
3 Beds
2 Baths
1,427 Sq ft
$195,000
MLS# R1379516
Courtesy of: RE/MAX Realty Group‘My mission has been accomplished’: how Susana Baca resurrected Afro-Peruvian music | Music
Susana Baca has lived multiple lives in her 77 years. She is one of Peru’s trained as an ethnomusicologist and manages a cultural centre in Peru, and she was only the second Afro-Peruvian minister in the history of independent Peruvian government, serving as minister of culture in 2011.
“It was not an easy path to achieve all that I have,” Baca says, speaking over video call. She is draped in a black shawl, speaking via an interpreter, from her home in Cañete. “My parents used to play music all the time when I was a child – my earliest memories are of my father singing and my mother dancing – but when I decided that I wanted to be a singer, my mother was horrified. We were very poor and all the musicians she had heard of had died from tuberculosis. It was an extreme life.”
Testament to her tenacity, Baca is marking her 50th year in music with the release of her 16th album, Palabras Urgentes (Urgent Truths), on Peter Gabriel’s Real World Records. Produced by Snarky Puppy bandleader Michael League, its 10 songs are “premonitions of the difficult times we are living through”, she says, comprising standards such as Chabuca Granda’s La Herida Oscura, as well as new compositions that speak to political corruption and the climate crisis. It is full of vitality, from the fanfare of horns on Negra Del Alma to the choral ecstasies of Sorongo, and she hopes anyone who listens to it will “question what our place is in the world and how we are damaging it”. She adds, with a husky laugh: “At my age, I’m not interested in pleasing others any more.”
As a young woman, however, Baca was concerned with keeping her mother happy. She studied to become a teacher but kept singing the music of her childhood after noticing how it was constantly marginalised. Anti-Blackness endures in Peru, stemming from the slavery instigated by the Spanish in the 16th century. Its legacy has carried on to popular television characters such as the blackface El Negro Mama and the mocking Indigenous stereotype La Paisana Jacinta, which appeared on air as recently as 2014 and were ultimately targeted by a UN convention against racial discrimination. “Peru has had a difficult relationship with its Black and Indigenous population,” she says. “They are a reminder of its history of slavery and so our music was often ignored or forgotten. I felt I needed to help keep it alive.”
Working with popular Peruvian singer Chabuca Granda from 1970, initially as her personal assistant and then as a musical mentee, Baca brought Afro-Peruvian rhythms into Granda’s work, slowly increasing mainstream awareness of her culture. The ensuing two decades saw her touring Latin America while playing traditional Afro-Peruvian music, as well as folk songs that were unearthed through research undertaken with her husband, Ricardo Pereira.
It wasn’t until the mid-90s that she reached the global stage. A chance introduction to her music by a Spanish teacher prompted David Byrne to include her composition Maria Lando on his 1995 compilation Afro-Peruvian Classics: The Soul of Black Peru. The song exemplifies Baca’s music, its immense warmth carried by the richness of her voice, which glides atop the traditional percussive instrumentation of the cajon and udu. The same warmth and emotion crosses the language barrier as she reflects on their relationship: in 2011, she recorded a collection of Afro-Peruvian standards, Afrodiaspora, for his label. “He opened up the doors to the world,” she smiles. “There is a lot of respect between us and it is a collaboration that has continued for many years.”
Looking back on her “mission” has been an integral part of the past year: the pandemic halted her usually active touring schedule. Stuck at home, she started work on her memoirs. “It has been very interesting to remember everything I have done and even to remember my mistakes,” she says. “You have to be very honest and bring to life the emotions that made it all real. Luckily, I have my husband Ricardo to help, since he’s been with me for the past 30 years.”
One recent sticking point was Baca’s stint in government, where she was criticised by some for continuing to work and tour as a musician while she was minister of culture from July to December 2011. In an interview with the New York Times during her tenure, she said: “I think that the job’s going to eat into my work as a musician. But I’m not about to give up music.” Now, she adds, “I wanted to give back to my country but I attracted all the press attention for my role. I tried to put the same emotion I give onstage into my time as a politician.” Ultimately, she was replaced during a cabinet reshuffle.
Would she enter politics again? “It depends who asks,” she smiles. “If José Mujica [the former president of Uruguay] did, I would say yes because he left power with zero corruption.”
If her work in politics remains unresolved, Baca’s musical legacy is robust. Afro-Peruvian music is no longer a niche interest, with younger artists from the country such as the band Novalima and singer Renata Flores incorporating its rhythms into their sounds. “My mission has been accomplished,” she says. “I am a bridge between the older generation and the new, and I see the young people now really embracing Afro-Peruvian music and making it their own – it is flourishing and I don’t fear that it will disappear. It has deep roots.”
As for her musical career, after 50 years in the industry and with a memoir on the way, you might assume that Palabras Urgentes is her swansong. But Baca has other plans, including a forthcoming album to honour her late mentor Chabuca Granda. “I’m not so young any more, so I get tired, but I’m always finding new things that move me,” she says with her eyes briefly closed in thought. “We create with such liberty and that is so powerful. The work only continues.”COLLECTIONS
Art works, Paintings
Paintings of nature, images of misty landscapes, water droplets and dew on flowers and leaves, paintings of rays light, etchings and photographs
For my paintings of nature I select images of misty landscapes or close ups of flowers and leaves with water droplets and dew. Other themes are paintings of rays light, in diferent techniques such as mixed media, etchings and photographs
“Juan Bernal finds sublimity in nature's designs, the hidden bounty in nature’s smallest gifts; a single leaf, a drop of water, the morning’s first shaft of light..”
The Hudson River Museum
My left shin has been tender this week. On Wednesday morning, I could feel the tenderness as I moved about. I pushed off Wednesday’s run until today. As I sat in the Social Security Office, again, I absent-mindedly began to palpate my lower leg. With very little exploration, I located the spot of issue. I massaged it as I sat waiting.
As I drove to the DMV, I thought that it would be a good idea to take some Ibuprofen and to ice the area. By the time I hit home again, however, the thought was clean out of my awareness.
After driving DD to the airport, my window for running manifested. I hesitated, thinking of the tender shin and then figured I’d run on dirt as much as possible and ice my leg after my run.
The run went well as long as I was on the dirt. I was running on pavement again after the first two miles were completed. I’d traveled a 1/4 mile further by the time I decided that I could not prolong the risk of injury any longer. I turned back.
Did I ice my tender shin? No.
Did I take any ibuprofen for the swelling? No.
Did I even look at the total mileage for the running shoes that I’d been wearing unil the onset of this “tenderness” (nothing more)? No.
I did, however, change back to my Adrenaline road shoes for the run. These are a pair of shoes that I know have traveled less than 300 miles wearing. I didn’t even check the log; I just did it.
I know that most runners can log 400-500 miles in the same pair of shoes. It is not that way with me. It’s like clockwork for me; my shoes are great until I near 300. After that point, my shins begin to complain and I need to replace my shoes in a hurry to avoid big issues.
Later, when I finally did check, I discovered that my Adidas, now, not so SuperNova’s have exceeded the 300 mile limit. So it looks like a new pair of running shoes will enter into the budget soon, and the Adidas will be trashed (or rather added to the donation pile).
Just went through it myself!Company
Daimler
Industry
Multinational Automotive Corporation
Location
Singapore
Position Type
ITS Coc governance internship
Post Date
22 May 2019
Employer Description
Daimler AG is a German multinational automotive corporation, headquartered in Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg. Daimler-Benz was formed with the merger of Benz & Cie and Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft in 1926.
Program Details
• Prepare management presentation slides & marketing materials
• Organize and support regional meetings & events
• Consolidation of management feedback on initiatives set by management
• Coordination & management reporting on related IT & financial management topics
• And any administrative and ad-hoc job duties
Requirements
• Excellent proficiency in using Microsoft Office Applications (i.e. Excel, Words, PowerPoint, Outlook etc) – especially in Powerpoint
• Strong organizational and management skills;Possess good problem-solving skills
• Excellent analytical, methodological and organizational skills;Ability to multitask and deliver on time
• Strategic thinking, customer orientation, team spirit and highly motivated
• Possess high interpersonal skills and able to establish good working model with respective counterparts
• Highly-motivated individual and able to work independently
• Excellent self-management, can take ownership and accountability of the tasks
• Ability to build network and relationships with respective counterparts
• Proficiency in any photo or video editing software will be an added plus
• Good spoken。Fork Fuel Truck
Hire a Food Truck
Food truck catering for your next event. Fast, easy and delicious. Book it here.Get Started
Appetizers
Spinach Artichoke Pierogies
Crispy pierogies filled with spinach artichoke dip
Main
Hot Kicken' Chicken
Fresh fried chicken tenders dipped in hot kicken chicken sauce served over white bread with buttermilk ranch and pickles
Hot Chicken Sandwich
Fresh fried chicken tenders dipped in hot kicken chicken sauce on brioche bun with buttermilk ranch and pickles
Chicken Tenders
Fresh fried chicken tenders
Blackened Chicken Taco
Two soft flour tortillas with shredded lettuce, blackened chicken, roasted tomatoes, provolone cheese, and bama sauce
Sides
Sweet Potato Fries
Sweet potatoes hand-cut and fried fresh
Coleslaw
Creamy vinegar slaw
White Cheddar Mac & Cheese
Macaroni with white cheddar cheese
Fried Brussel Sprouts
With pickled red onion, bacon, and maple syrupHow To Get Dental Insurance
You may not think of it as often, but dental insurance is an important part of your healthcare coverage. Dental insurance can help you save money on expenses that are necessary to maintain your oral health. It also gives you peace of mind knowing that if something happens to one or more of your teeth, there’s a plan in place to help cover the cost without breaking the bank. The enterprise core system software can help you a lot with dental insurance.
The first thing you should do when you’re looking for dental insurance is make sure to take a look at your current health coverage. Many people are covered under their employer’s plan, but if they find that it doesn’t cover dental work or has limited options, then they can choose to switch plans or get additional coverage through another provider.
Even if you don’t have the option of getting an individual policy because of pre-existing conditions, there may be other ways you can use your existing healthcare options as leverage with insurers who offer group policies. If one company won’t give in on covering you based on certain criteria that cause problems with eligibility status and premium costs, call up another insurer instead and ask what benefits come along with being insured by them – many providers will meet the standards of another company that had a previous agreement with you.
This is one reason why it’s so important to have options when shopping for dental insurance coverage, and why many people choose to do this during open enrollment periods or at other times when they’re eligible for changes in their existing plan. You may be able to get better rates on premiums if your provider agrees to change policies based on certain conditions affecting your eligibility status, which can make a significant difference in how much money you’ll actually end up spending out of pocket over time.
Having good dental health benefits also makes getting insured more affordable by increasing the number of choices that individual providers will extend toward customers who need help covering expenses related to necessary treatments that fall outside normal preventative care.Joe Loss and his band sing and perform upbeat number "Make Believe Ballroom".
36522
joe-loss-and-band
Short Summary
Description
Joe Loss and his band. MUSIC Make Believe Ballroom - Smith La Fleur.
Probably filmed in Pathe studios, London.
M/S of Joe Loss conducting his band, various shots of the musicians playing. M/S as three men come on and sing "Make Believe Ballroom", Joe Loss turn around and smiles while they are singing. They go off and we see various shots of the musicians again. Various shots of people dancing in a ballroom before the men sing again.
Data
- Film ID:
- 1238.22
- Media URN:
- 41973
- Group:
- New sound pictorials
- Archive:
- British Pathé
- Issue Date:
- 10/06/1937
- Sound:
- Sound
- HD Format:
- Available on request
- Stock:
- Black & White
- Duration:
- 00:02:27:00
- Time in/Out:
- 01:28:38:00 / 01:31:05:00
- Canister:
- NSP 63
We always welcome comments and more information about our films.
All posts are reactively checked. Libellous and abusive comments are forbidden.PARIS – Euphoria mingled with tension as France celebrated Paris Saint-Germain’s historic victory in the Champions League semi-finals, lighting up the Champs-Élysées with cheers and flares and drawing in tear gas.
Police arrested 36 people in Paris after a crowd at the foot of the Arc de Triomphe escalated into dispersed violence, but no serious damage was reported and the atmosphere was extremely festive.
By beating Leipzig 3-0 on Tuesday, PSG finally reached the final of Europe’s biggest club competition for the first time. Only one team from France won the title, and that was a generation ago – Marseille in 1993.
The long-awaited success has dominated news and social media – and all eyes are now on his compatriot from Lyon, who face five-time champions Bayern Munich in the other semi-final on Wednesday.The Oilfield Services market revenue was xx Million USD in 2016, grew to xx Million USD in 2021, and will reach xx Million USD in 2026, with a CAGR of xx during 2021-2026.
Considering the influence of COVID-19 on the global Oilfield Oilfield Services Industry will develop is also analyzed in detail in Chapter 1.8 of this report.
Major Players in Oilfield Services market are:
Weatherford International Plc
Halliburton
ABB Group
Abbot Group
Cameron
FMC Technologies Inc.
National Oilwell Varco Inc.
Oceaneering International Inc.
Schlumberger Limited
Baker Hughes Inc.
Most important types of Oilfield Services products covered in this report are:
Coiled Tubing Services
Well Completion Equipment & Services
Drilling & Completion Fluids Services
Drilling Waste Management Services
Oil Country Tubular Goods
Pressure Pumping Services
Well Intervention
Wireline Services
Most widely used downstream fields of Oilfield Services market covered in this report are:
Onshore.From bowls of sweets left at reception and sandwiches left for meetings to birthday cakes and back-from-holiday treats, the serviced office can be a minefield for anybody trying to watch their waistline.
While these tempting treats may make work more enjoyable and add a more social aspect to the job, they can also make workers sluggish, detract attention away from work, and may even lead to time off for dentist appointments!
The Daily Mail revealed the main challenges for people who are trying to keep their shape while working in the office.
Top of the list was the colleague who buys treats for everyone on the desk. People feel they have to accept so as not to offend, so they develop a habit of saying yes to that Tuesday morning croissant or Friday afternoon cookie.
Eating at your desk was billed as another issue, as it means you will pay less attention to what you are eating.
The advice from experts was to avoid the herd mentality and do not be influenced by the behaviour of co-workers.
Eating at your desk is constantly high up in lists of bad habits which people have when they are trying to lose weight.By the year 2050 our sector needs to reduce the carbon emissions by 84 billion tonnes. This is a huge challenge, but how are we responding?
The World Green Building Council (WGBC) have calculated that to limit the rate of global warming to just 2°C, then we need to cut our carbon footprint by this huge figure. 84 billion tonnes is the estimate that the built environment sector needs to reduce, with emissions from existing stock reduced by 80%. By 2050 all new developments must reach the target of net zero energy.
To reach these targets the construction and property industry need to radically change the way we build, refurbish, fund and manage properties globally.
Global Change
In Paris back in 2015, the first Buildings Day, was the moment when the industry started to listen. With a momentum for change, the target for meeting the goals set will be crucial going forward.
If everyone has to take part in the changes, then they will become internalised in the models, making it second nature for future projects in years to come. Investors need to assess the carbon risk of a building project, and manage the environmental, social and climate-related impacts.
With rising energy prices and restricted carbon budgets, this will make inefficient buildings too expensive to run and maintain. Property professionals need to ask if these risks have been considered, and inform potential investors. This should drive change in the market and support the growth of better performing new buildings.
The public opinion is a powerful one, with those countries moving ahead being rewarded, and those countries left behind being named and shamed. As people see the impact of climate change within the coming years this will drive pressure to perform and improve our carbon footprints.
Transparency
With new technologies and smarter buildings, the need to be transparent is fundamental. We are able to track energy consumption in real time, which will eventually replace EPCs and other rating schemes. This will give people the choice at the time of purchasing, which will allow informed decisions on their buildings carbon footprint.
Making energy ratings public is the first step in being more transparent on building energy efficiency. This will open peoples eyes to the need of considering these details when looking at properties.
Energy efficient homes do not necessarily cost more to build. If you know your needs from the beginning then lots can be built into the design to help you reduce the long-term carbon footprint. By planning ahead you can help to reduce your energy bills for years to come, which will offset any additional costs in the build process.
If you are purchasing a property already built then you can still make changes to help reduce your energy usage. Solar panels are a popular choice with the payback period initially being a few years, but after that you will gain free electricity from your home. Reducing your carbon footprint is not a short-term fix, lots of options are about investing in the long-term benefits.
The Future
The important task ahead is to invest in our building stock for the next generation and to improve the quality of the buildings that people live and work in. An improved renovated building gives people a much healthier and improved environment for productivity as well as reducing the carbon footprint.
If we can produce good buildings as a priority, with reduced energy consumption as the growing trend. The reduced impact on our environment will come as a natural response to the changing ways of our society. Small changes today will become the standard ways of the future.
Contact Richard today if you are looking at ways to improve your home or building project.Hot For Hope
Ladies,
I think you all should get your tickets for this event. It’s for a great cause and I do think it will be an amazing event!!!
Shop Socials presents Hot For Hope, an opportunity to spa and shop in support of Japan.
Join us at Iyashi Bedrock Spa where we’ll try out the newest ancient Japanese treatment to hit North America at this one-of-a-kind spa on the Yonge & Eg strip.
$30 VIP tickets include:
*30 min. Ganbanyoku hot rock bathing therapy
*Complimentary refreshments
*Free beauty and skincare services
*Swag from our generous sponsors
100% proceeds for the evening will be donated to the Canadian Red Cross.
To BUY your tickets visit: here
There is only 40 VIP tickets due to treatment capacity, however, participating area retailers will stay open for shop socialites to enjoy a mini shop crawl at I Heart Accessories and C’est Une Beaute.
Saturday is going to be a busy night!!
xo, Tanya
Climate change: 2020 was the joint hottest year on record
Temperatures in Spain peaked above 40°C in August 2020 Juan Carlos Caval/EPA-EFE/Shutterstock
Temperatures in Spain peaked above 40°C in August 2020
Juan Carlos Caval/EPA-EFE/Shutterstock
Last year was the joint hottest globally and by far the warmest year recorded in Europe, making the years from 2015 onwards the warmest six on record.
Global average temperatures tied with 2016 at 0.6°C above the long-term average – despite the absence of an El Niño event, a climate phenomenon that has a warming effect. There was an El Niño in 2016.
Europe, by contrast, demolished records by a wide margin, at 1.6°C above the long-term average. This compared with 2019’s 1.2°C above the average – itself record-breaking at the time. Norway and Sweden both had their hottest years on record.
Advertisement
Although the figures today from European Earth observation programme Copernicus place 2020 as joint hottest globally, aggregated data from other major temperature data sets including those of US agencies NASA and NOAA, and the UK Met Office – expected next Thursday – may yet relegate it to the second or third warmest.
Copernicus’s 2020 figures show a clear north-south split, with below-average temperatures in the southern hemisphere and above-average ones in the northern hemisphere. Siberia and other parts of the Arctic were exceptionally warm, at 3-6°C above average in some regions.
“The year 2020 was extreme for the Arctic, even compared to the past 20 years,” said the US National Snow and Ice Data Center in a statement on Tuesday. That led Arctic sea ice to shrink to its second-lowest extent on record in September 2020.
Figures published this week by Mark Parrington at Copernicus also show that, while media attention focused on exceptional blazes in the US and Australia, globally wildfires were at one of their lowest levels in two decades due to below-average fires in Africa.
Separately, the UK Met Office today said it expects carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere this year to pass the milestone of being 50 per cent higher than before the industrial revolution, reaching 417 parts per million between April and June, when seasonal CO2 levels peak.
More on these topics:Media 100 Inc. announced today the availability of its Media 100 i digital video system for Mac OS X. The new version — Media 100 i Version 8 — is now shipping in all Media 100 i configurations, according to the company.
Media 100 i Version 8 incorporates a new Aqua interface, along with new visual effects creation and sound design capabilities. Just about every aspect of the software has been engineered to take advantage of OS X, according to Media 100 vice president of Dual Stream Systems Mike Savello. “Additionally, V8 includes many new features requested by our customers that will enhance their creative workflow,” he said.
Media 100 i Version 8 also sports improved workflow with up to 8 graphics tracks; a new QuickTime Video Output Component which allows QuickTime-based applications to output through Media 100 hardware; improved integration with Boris FX applications; new host-based audio processing which enables up to 24 real-time audio tracks; and new audio reverb and dynamics processing.
Media 100 i Version 8 is available in systems ranging from US$1,995 for the all-new Media 100 i/DV package to $14,995 for the Media 100 i/xr system. It’s also available as an upgrade for existing Media 100 customers. If you have a Media 100 Platinum Software Update contract, you’ll be getting the update automatically.
Note: When you purchase something after clicking links in our articles, we may earn a small commission. Read our affiliate link policy for more details.A Busia Catholic Church priest has appealed to the Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission (IEBC) to ensure the 2022 general elections are free and fair.
Chakol Parish Priest Sebastian Mang’oli made the appeal on Saturday during the burial of Mumias West Constituency IEBC Coordinator, Cyril Etyang, 36, at Among’ura in Chakol South Ward in Teso South Constituency.
Mang’oli said the best reward the Chebukati led Commission can give to Kenyans come next year’s is credible polls that won’t throw the country into turmoil.
“The will of the people is always the will of God. IEBC should give Kenyans hope by ensuring the results meet the threshold.
“Kenyan youths are disillusioned by “manipulated” results after every five years. This was evident by the low turnout in the recently concluded mass voter registration exercise,” he stated.
The parish priest also took issue with parents for abdicating their roles of nurturing their children to be responsible citizens.
He reprimanded parents for allowing their children to attend tuition on Sundays at the expense of spiritual nourishment, noting that this has played a role in sporadic fires destroying dormitories in learning institutions across the country.
Busia Deputy Governor Moses Mulomi who has expressed interest in the county’s gubernatorial seat regretted that the county and the country had lost a promising young man.
He told the mourners that he stands the best chance to succeed Governor Sospeter Ojaamong as the second Governor of the great county of Busia owing to his development record.
“What we need is to conduct peaceful campaigns. Unity should be embraced by all leaders irrespective of their political affiliations. The interests of county residents supersede those of individuals who want to plunge the county into turmoil,” he said.
Several IEBC officials including Commissioners Francis Wanderi and Justus Nyang’aya and County Elections Coordinators Grace Rono (Kakamega), Ruth Kulundu (Siaya), Solomon Mudanya (Bungoma), Patrick Odari (Kisumu), George Oyugi (Turkana) and Fredrick Apopo (Busia) among others attended their colleague’s final send off.
.Sources familiar with the matter have confirmed that Hearst-owned digital agency iCrossing is closing one of its 19 global offices, namely the one in Salt Lake City. From what we’ve been told, the SLC branch housed less than 10 staffers and a few of them actuallywill continue to work remotely from the area, though the space itself is being shut down.
In addition, though we’re still checking if it’s directly related to the Salt Lake closing, I, our sources tell us that approximately 15 people were cut across the agency network, which houses 900+ staffers. In a statement, an iCrossing spokesperson did respond to the latter news, saying, “Although these decisions are always difficult, iCrossing is making the necessary adjustments to our skill set mix in order to best serve our clients moving forward. As we continue to develop as a full-services agency, we are expanding our capabilities in creative, media, and strategy – areas where we are currently hiring.”
Update:Sources say the cuts were mainly a result of changing client needs as iCrossing evolves into a full-service agency structure, hence the need for a skill set “readjustment.”Project Info
Project Description
Fort Worth Christmas Lights Tours
With Fort Worth Christmas Lights Tours, we will handle all the transportation and take you to the best places to see Holiday Lights, Holiday Displays and Christmas Lights We have options for every group size, from Luxury sedans, SUV’s or Limousine, to Buses for the larger family and friend Holiday Celebrations. Get your spiked eggnog and enjoy the beautiful sites that are only around for the last month of the year. We have also compiled a list of the some of The Best Christmas Lights Displays and Holiday Lights Displays around Fort Worth Christmas Lights Limo Rentals
Sit back with a glass of wine or champagne, put on some Christmas Music and tour the beautiful lights around Dallas Fort Worth. Fort Worth Christmas Lights Limo Rentals has all limousine types, sizes and passenger capacity you can imagine. Is a limo just out of your budget? Book a Mercedes Sprinter Van that seats up to 14 passengers to shuttle guests and family.
Fort Worth Christmas Lights Bus Rentals
Why not get the whole neighborhood together. You don’t really have to, but all our Shuttle Buses and Charter Buses have more than enough room to accommodate with Fort Worth Christmas Lights Bus Rentals. We have Limo Buses that can fit up to 20 passengers up to 56 passenger Charter Buses with large enough windows so you don’t miss a thing. Don’t hesitate to ask one of our professional service representatives questions so we can find the best fit for you and your group.
Book Fort Worth Bus Rentals
Best Christmas Lights in Fort Worth
Fort Worth Christmas Lights Limousine Services
Fort Worth Christmas Lights Limo Rates
Fort Worth Christmas Lights Christmas Light Tours, Limo, Limousine, Luxury Sedan, Van, SUV, Party Bus, Shuttle, Charter, Spirit, Holiday, Trail of Lights, Santa, DallasYour savory breakfast links:
- Recaps and other assorted musings on last night's win from us, Caps365 video (Boudreau, Hamrlik/Vokoun/Backstrom/Johansson, MacLean, Ottawa players), Vogs, NHL.com, National Post (Panzeri), WashTimes (Whyno: gamer, blog, blog, blog), CI (Carrera: gamer, blog), CSN Washington (Gormley, Beninati), DCEx (McNally), 106.7 The Fan (Kerstein), Peerless, Frankovic, SB Nation DC (Doyle: gamer, quotes), DSP, RMNB, OFB, MD Sports Blog, Caps by Puck, Capitals Outsider, Sick Unbelievable, Smoke Degrees, Inside Hockey, Alex Ovetjkin, Capital Spirit and Clydeorama (pics).
- That first goal of the season (and first goal since March) for Nicklas Backstrom? Huge. [KoL]
- Film study: Backstrom's goal plus how the top line ended up -1 on the night. [CW (Whyno)]
- This once and future Washington Wizards fan is bringing teh hockey funny and dropping teh hockey knowledge. [Caps Basketball (pregame, postgame)]
- Interesting: While it has been reported that Arron Asham will not face further disciplinary proceedings following his fight/taunting/what-have-you with Jay Beagle, hockey commentator Elliotte Friedman revealed that the League has issued a memo to all 30 teams to re-emphasize the penalties for unsportsmanlike conduct. [CBC.ca Hotstove (Wharnsby)]
- The fine folks at mediachameleon were visiting southwestern Ohio and came across this terrific team photo from Bruce Boudreau's salad days as a centerman for the Cincinnati Tigers. [scsr.org]
- Good morning, good afternoon, and good night Ottawa. [Caps OT]
- Another wild, high-scoring affair in Hershey's home opener ended in a 6-5 overtime loss, dropping them to 3-1 on the season. 23 goals were scored between the Bears and the Norfolk Admirals in their home-and-home series this weekend. [Patriot-News (Leone), SHoE, game highlights (YouTube)]
- In case you missed it, Cody Eakin had a pretty good game on Friday night. [SHoE]
- Finally, happy 26th birthday to Jay Beagle and happy 44rd to one of hockey's more bizarre characters, Joe Murphy.Take a tour in our manicure and pedicure salon with outstanding services at incredible prices in Montreal! Located in the heart of Montreal, Les Ongles Diva Nails is a one-stop destination for a broad spectrum of beauty treatments, from spa pedicures to waxing, nail extensions, and polishing. Don't wait any longer and book an appointment today for your nail care in Montreal!
Since 1995, Les Ongles Diva Nails has delivered outstanding services to Montreal’s residents and visitors alike. Whether you are wrapping up your shopping day or chilling out during your lunch break, we will do everything necessary to put a smile on your face. Our staff of manicure and nail care specialists possess professional skills to handle the tips of your fingers and toes - making you feel right at ease.
Are you longing for a beauty parlor that offers luxury treatments at a reasonable price? No need to look further, we have mind-blowing offers on our top-notch nail care and waxing services that you should not miss if you are in Montreal.
Ultimate Manicure and Pedicure Cares
Be sure to offer yourself the beauty treatment that you deserve with our manicure and pedicure session.
Relaxing Waxing Session
Our team of professionals will treat you like a princess during your waxing session.Knowing about one’s own family is every person’s curiosity, how our ancestors use to be who were our forefathers and to which lineage one belongs to, all such questions and queries are very general and hits everybody’s mind.
There are several professional help and experts that prevail in the market who are more happy to offer their services and resolve all your ancestral queries by executing certain task and investigations such as historical records and genetic analysis.
As such services are quite rare and such type of services are found to be a bit less so their market value is quite high and just in case if such individuals or domain experts are in the need of a platform which helps them advertise themselves all over the planet.
Then an online existence will do the job for them, and that can be done with the help of a distinguished theme or an interface termed as Genealogical Research WordPress Theme.
Genealogical Research WordPress Theme
The theme is perfectly crafted for genealogical experts, ancestral service providers, genetic analysts, government municipal authorities and various other professionals from the same domain.
Exclusive feature :-
Lead capture form :-
To capture leads in order to increase your business will be possible through the inbuilt lead capture form that receive basic details of the customers and hence create a database for you to use it for future reference.
Stupendous features of the theme :-
- Layered slider :- The theme has a layered slider to make the very first impact on the customer by showcasing highlights and various other services related to the genealogy.
- 3 column feature area :- The theme contains a 3 column feature area where all the different services provided by the experts can be catered on it.
- Testimonial section :- The template has a section present on the homepage where all the feedback and acknowledgements can be exhibited on the respective section.
- Blog section :- The blogs and posts can be shared on a section called as the blog section where all the descriptive content can be shared.
- Tagline section :- Share all the captions and taglines related to the business of the genealogy that can uplift your business in better ways.
- Portfolio blog gallery :- The theme includes a portfolio blog gallery where all the blogs along with images can be shared, different types of services can be explained along with its benefits.
Features Of The FamilyHistory WordPress Theme :-
- One click installation.
- Layered slider.
- Lead capture form.
- Responsive layout.
- Cross browser compatible.
- Social sharing icons.
- Inbuilt contact page.
- 3 column feature area.
- WPML compatible.
- Easy setup.
- Portfolio blog gallery.
- W3C validations.
- Inbuilt gallery page.
- CSS enabled.
- jQuery enhanced.
- Retina ready display.
- SEO optimized.
- WordPress compatible.
- Made with debug mode on.
- Clear documentation.
Related links:The Moon in Leo brings intense energy. Your ideas are brilliant and creative.
You're full of good ideas, and you're giving the best of yourself in your relationship. Today is a great day to communicate with your partner.
The Moon in Leo makes you charming and attractive. Don't hesitate to say yes to an invitation. That said, you enjoy being single. Now may not be the time to commit to someone.
Your independence is very important to you. It'd be unwise to commit to a relationship right now. Give yourself a lot of time and space.
This week might start off with a bang. You're working hard, and it's starting to pay off. Your boss is pleased with your work.
Decoration and tech items are your guilty pleasures. Your revenue is stable, and you can enjoy the fruits of your labor.
You're feeling great; it's plain as day! You're full of energy from morning to night.Hot
New
In stock
Out Stock
501® Original Fit Black Jeans
SKU: 00501-0165
VENDOR: Levi's
€101,00
Hurry up! Sales Ends In
Hurry! Only 1000 Left in Stock!
Order in The Next to Get it By
Real Time 18 Visitor Right Now
PRODUCT INFORMATION
ADDITIONAL
Custom tab
CUSTOMER REVIEWS
PRODUCT INFORMATIONvis® Trucker Jacket and a simple crewneck tee for a classic all-American look.
ADDITIONAL
Custom tab
CUSTOMER REVIEWSThe Phillies are coming off of a productive weekend. After losing the series opener to the Marlins, they won three in a row, picking up ground as the rest of the division stumbled.
The Mets, Braves and Nationals all lost two in a row Friday and Saturday. Those teams' bullpens were the root cause of struggles again, allowing a combined 14 runs in 10 innings on Saturday.
With the regular season just over a month old, the Phillies are 16-12. That's a 93-win pace, and only two NL teams have a better record — the Dodgers and Cardinals.
On Sunday, Gabe Kapler said he thinks even better baseball is ahead of the Phillies, and it should be encouraging to the organization that they've played well despite a rash of injuries.
The Phils have already used 35 different players this season, second-most in the majors to the Mariners' 36.
These last two weeks showed us just how important Jean Segura is to the Phils' lineup. With him out, they went 4-6 and averaged 2.9 runs per game. In Segura's first full game back Sunday, he went 3 for 4 with an RBI triple and two runs scored. He's hitting .347 on the season with a .919 OPS.
Bunched up
Most expected the NL East to be a hotly contested division in 2019 because the Phillies, Braves, Mets and Nationals are four of the top eight or nine teams in the National League.
There's something to like about each NL East contender. The Phillies have one of the deepest lineups in baseball. The Nationals have one of the deepest rosters overall. The Braves have a formidable heart of the order. The Mets have as much starting pitching as any team.
A month in, these four teams are separated by three games. The Phillies, Mets and Braves have all scored between 141-145 runs. The Nationals aren't far behind at 138.
The only MLB team that has played more division games so far than the Phillies is the Rangers. The Phils are 13-8 already against the NL East, having played nearly 30 percent of their division games.
While all four teams are strong, there's something to dislike about each of them as well, mostly the bullpens.
Bullpen outlook
If you've been frustrated at times by the Phillies' relief corps, you should check out the rest of the division.
• The Nationals' bullpen has a 6.57 ERA, second-to-last in the majors. They entered the season heavily reliant on hard-throwing righties Kyle Barraclough and Trevor Rosenthal to be their setup tandem. Rosenthal allowed 12 runs in three innings and is already on the IL without a timetable to return. Barraclough has a deceptively low ERA but has a 1.66 WHIP and he's allowed seven of eight inherited runners to score. The Nats have had a lot of trouble getting the ball to elite closer Sean Doolittle.
• The Mets' bullpen hasn't been much better, ranking third-to-last in the majors with a 5.52 ERA. They've had the same issue bridging the gap from the starting pitcher to their elite closer, Edwin Diaz. Setup man Jeurys Familia has put 22 men on base in 11⅔ innings and has allowed a run in six of his last eight appearances. The Mets have also already overworked key relievers Robert Gsellman (17 IP) and Seth Lugo (16⅔ IP), who lead the division in innings among relievers.
• The Braves don't have a closer and have struggled to protect leads. Arodys Vizcaino is out for the season and his replacement, A.J. Minter, has a 9.35 ERA. The Braves are 5 for 9 in save opportunities and barely escaped Sunday when Luke Jackson replaced Minter in the ninth.
• The Phillies have a 4.27 bullpen ERA. The other three teams have combined for a 5.50 ERA from their relievers.
Each of these teams could use Craig Kimbrel, though the Mets are a longshot because they could only offer him a setup role. Keep in mind that at this point, any team that signs Kimbrel would likely have to wait three or four weeks before he's ready to contribute in a key late-inning role at the big-league level. You don't just sign and automatically run in for the ninth inning after not having a spring training ramp-up period.
Other lingering concerns
• Anthony Rendon is off to a MVP-caliber start to 2019 but is banged up. He was hit by a pitch in the elbow last Saturday and has missed seven of eight games since. He played on Friday but showed up Saturday with swelling in the elbow and was unable to play either of the last two games.
If he's forced to hit the IL, or if the elbow snaps the early-season pace he was on, the Nationals will be a much lesser offensive team.
• The Braves' rotation has been as bad as expected. They were thrilled to welcome back Mike Foltynewicz this weekend, but he's only one guy. The Braves have a 4.99 ERA from the rotation and their starters have averaged just 5.1 innings. Only the Mets have received fewer innings from the starters, which is hard to believe.
• Jacob deGrom and Noah Syndergaard have a combined 5.70 ERA in 60 innings. Both should improve as the season wears on but deGrom, like Aaron Nola, likely will not come close to matching last season's insane production. And the Mets have to be somewhat concerned about Syndergaard, who has labored every time out and somehow allowed 40 hits in 34 innings despite possessing perhaps the best stuff of any starting pitcher in either league.
• Are the Phillies built to win close, low-scoring games? It's been tough for them early, especially with David Robertson and Tommy Hunter both out with flexor strains. When scoring three runs or fewer, the Phillies are 3-9 and have lost six in a row.It’s no secret- my babies don’t believe in sleep. Since my first baby was born I’ve turned into a closet-co-sleeper. This means that I’m in survival mode and will allow my kids to sleep in my bed just so I get some extra hours of shut eye. As you can imagine, with three kids we can be up all hours of the night as each intermittently wakes for bathroom, snuggles, or water. With all this, I’m still happy with our decision to not go ahead with the cry it out method and stick with a more predictable bedtime routine.
Our routine starts off with dinner. Immediately after dinner it is bath time, followed by a snack, and then it’s quiet time. This is usually where my oldest reads to her little sister and my little guy gets a massage before bed. My girls will then go off to their room while I nurse the baby to sleep. It seems easy and methodical, but the truth is it can sometimes be chaotic when just one child isn’t ready to sleep and has a little extra energy.
Sleep is so important for cognitive, physical and emotional well-being. To better understand the importance of sleep, JOHNSON’S® has
- Studied more than 45,000 babies’ sleep
- Observed more than 300,000 sleep sessions
- Authored more than 100 pieces of scientific content
- Collaborated with more than 30 experts, including sleep specialists and pediatricians across the globe
Through this research they were able to shed light on what works best for getting baby to peacefully drift off to sleep. They found that 80% of babies exposed to white noise fell asleep, as opposed to 25% who were not exposed to white noise. Along with other factors for better sleep in infants, Johnson’s came up with their 3-step bedtime routine:
- Step 1 – Warm bath
- Step 2 – Gentle Massage
- Step 3 – Quiet Time
Did you know there was a JOHNSON’S® BEDTIME® baby sleep app? Yes, there IS an app for baby sleep and you can find it for your device. The app can enlighten parents on the science behind sleep and provide advice on sleep solutions for baby. The app even features an interactive 1-week challenge and features the Tonight We Sleep™ Lullaby for baby. Check it out at the App Store.
Sounds like a very good way to make sure baby sleeps. I like that bedtime routine and nice to know that Johnson has a bedtime app to help with getting baby to sleep.
This sounds very similar to what we do at our house. The kids are immediately asking for snack after supper. But we wait a little and then snack and bath.
My niece has colic and has a hard time getting to sleep. I will have to tell my brother about these steps.
Oh I have to check into that app from Johnson’s! I really think the nice warm baths really help before bed time.
Baths work wonders, when my niece is fighting her sleep we always give her a little bath playtime, and it usually makes her sleep so good.
As a mommy of six kids (now adults) and a grandmother of eight, I believe that children need routine in bedtime rituals. The calmer the household is at night, the better they will sleep. We never allowed TV on past a certain time. Quiet time is essential..which means no phone calls and computers either! Just baths and books and quiet and everyone goes to bed. If children see adults being active or excited, they won’t sleep.
This is such an informative article. I will be sharing this with family & friends. I can relate a lot on this post when my daughter is very young.
This is great information. It all seems common sense, but it is good to have a study to see in reality what works best! Nice to know about the app, too.Keystone Insert, White, RCA Female Coupler (Blue RCA)
Product Information
White Keystone Insert with Blue RCA CouplerThis White Keystone Jack with Blue RCA Coupler is for use with audio video, and home theater applications. It is designed for use with all Keystone style wall plates and standard RCA cables. Attach any RCA-connector equipment or cables with ease and simplicity. Blue is usually used for Component RGB video.
Login to review this product
MA
(Bisbee, AZ)
Great PriceMr. Bobby Williams passed away on Wednesday February 5, 2014. Funeral services will be held on Tuesday February 11, 2014 at 1:00 p.m. from A. A. Dicks Funeral Home Sullivan Chapel, 2548 Main Street, Columbia. Bobby was born on March 3, 1968... View Obituary & Service Information
Flowers & Gifts
Send flowers to the Williams family.Send FlowersLessons in Leveraging Vine From 5 Successful Brands
With more than 40 million users, Vine is a pool of great opportunity for brand growth and development. Launched in 2012, the app that enables users to create and post six-second looping videos has seen an evolution in the way its users create and share content., because you have an way for some inspiration on creating micro-videos that capture the attention of your audience.
Tribeca Film Festival: Contests
Shortly after Twitter acquired the app, Tribeca Film Festival partnered with Vine to launch a #6SecFilms competition. They held an open call for anyone to enter a six-second film in the categories of #GENRE, #DRAMA, #COMEDY or #ANIMATION. The turnout was so great that they have done it a second year.
Related: The One Reason Vine Isn't as Great as it Could Be
Launching a Vine contest is a smart strategy, because it places emphasis on user-generated content. In turn, this creates a direct relationship between brand and consumer because getting fans involved in contests pushes them to connect and identify with your brand. Depending on the contest, this may also work to crowdsource feedback and reception of your brand.
General Electric: Corporate Campaigns
If you’re a big brand like GE, with a laundry list of products, you have to position yourself in a relevant light. GE accomplishes this by humanizing an otherwise faceless brand. Through a number of corporate campaigns (#springbreakit, #GEDEsignQuest, #GravityDay), GE uses visuals, color, depth and motion to make science fun! This strategy helps illustrate company culture and makes it easier for consumers to connect with larger companies.
Besides animation and behind-the-scene views of your company, playing with sound is something that can help give your Vine some life. Sound is often forgotten in Vines, because the app mutes the video by default, which is a shame. Together, both visual and sound can produce a powerful video that can leave a lasting impression on your audience.
Related: 6 Reasons Why Vine and Instagram Videos Are Great for Your Business
Whether you utilize voiceovers, sound effects and music loops, among other features, take advantage of all the available resources.
Nissan: Product Highlights
Before the release of the new Nissan Versa, the automaker launched a contest asking followers to submit a Vine with a paper cut out of the car for a chance to be featured in the commercial. Nissan pushed out a series of Vines informing its audience the many ways to enter, giving inspiration for user-submitted Vines and an array of feature highlights of the car.
Although this campaign used a contest as its strategy, the underlying purpose was to promote the new product. Not only was this successful because it got people to talk about the brand, but it directly injected the product into the Vines without having it seem like a forced placement. The focus was placed on the story with the product.
When you embark on your next Vine campaign to highlight a specific product or feature, keep in mind that your audience wants to be spoken with and not spoken at.
USA Today: Narrative
All best Vines have a great story to tell, no matter how simple or complex the concept. It’s true, you shouldn’t overload a video with too much information -- leaving the viewer overwhelmed. However, it’s the way in which the story is communicated and constructed that determines its success. If you have a complex topic, choose one or two focal points to construct your story around instead of addressing everything. Focus on the necessary and captivating, forget the rest. A common practice for weaving a story together with Vine is through stop-motion.
Related: Why Video for Instagram Isn't a Vine Killer
USA TODAY’s Vine account is a great example of how Vines can serve as teaser to a larger piece of content. Enticing viewers to engage and share (especially with relevant hashtags), your brand becomes a part of a larger conversation and comes across as innovative in a space that tends to focus on one medium.
Lowe’s: DIY and Useful Information
Lowe’s does a very good job of providing its audience with invaluable everyday hacks through its Vine. Its “fix-in-six” series features home improvement tips, while also incorporating brand marketing. The marriage between brand promotion and useful information is something of an art -- too much and it screams commercial, too little and your brand doesn’t even get noticed.
To find the right balance, you have to really know your brand and how its services are beneficial to the everyday consumer. Find your niche and ask yourself how the consumer can take it a step further and engage with your product in an intuitive, yet inventive way.
It’s easy to capture six seconds of anything, but it’s imperative to keep in mind that your story and messaging determines your reception and shareability. Whether you’re capturing a moment from an event or promoting a recent product release, it’s all about the creative delivery.
Related: 3 People to Follow on Vine for Branding IdeasSorry, we can't seem to find what you're looking for.
Please try one of the links on top.
your goods
Shop Hours
Tuesday thru Friday 11am – 7pm
Saturday 10am – 7pm
Sunday 12pm – 5pm
(b. is bagless, so bring your own or cop one of our reusables)
b. (a resale shop) is located at:
2613 Nicollet Avenue, Minneapolis, MN 55408
612-824-1292
Return Policy
b. accepts online returns ONLY. All returns must be posted within 14 days of package arrival. A refund will be issued for item(s) once b. receives the return. Please direct all returns related questions to info@b-resaleshop.comThe Municipal Funeral Company, EFM in Palma has announced that it will refund the 459 euros charged for coronavirus protective suits and plastic waterproofing used at funeral services during the coronavirus State of Emergency.
“On March 23 it was decided that funeral companies must stop collecting money for protection materials immediately and all fees already paid will be refunded to the relatives of those who died between March 14 and 23,” said Alberto Jarabo, President of the Municipal Company.
He said he understood that people just don’t have the money to pay for extras during the State of Emergency.
"The use of security materials is mandatory for diseases and the charges were made for before coronavirus entered our lives, during the collection of bodies when the cause of death was known,” he said. “But now we are at a time of particular fragility and special economic impact for citizens, which is why we have decided not to charge for these materials."
Defer payment
Jarabo added that funeral services are being scaled back to help mourners save money.
"We have also tried to make it easier for families to pay as little as possible by reducing the cost of funeral services by an average of 10%,” he said, "and payment can be delayed until later if families are in a difficult economic situation.”
He also acknowledged that a Ministerial Order has been approved which bans funeral companies from charging more during the State of Emergency.
Complaints about the charges for protective suits and other materials came from Fulgencio Coll of Vox and the PP.
Currently there are no comments.Blackstone Puts a Portfolio of FIdere’s Homes Worth €150M-€200M Up For Sale
25 April 2019 – Expansión
The US fund Blackstone has launched the sale of a portfolio of homes belonging to its Socimi Fidere worth between €150 million and €200 million.
According to sources, several interested parties are already analysing the portfolio, whose perimeter may vary depending on the offers received. This sale forms part of a wider initiative by Blackstone to rotate some of the assets in its portfolio. The US fund has already put some of the offices owned by another Socimi Corona up for sale.
Since 2012, Blackstone has invested almost €24 billion in real estate in Spain, where it is the owner of several investment vehicles and management companies, including the Socimis Testa, Albirana and Torbal, as well as Hispania.
Original story: Expansión (by R. A.)
Translation/Summary: Carmel DrakeHeat
Waste Heat Recovery Systems (WHRS) are revolutionary energy-saving power generation system that recover and reuse energy from the main engine's exhaust gas. WHRS optimize thermal efficiency by automatically adjusting the output according to on-board electricity demand.
Waste Heat Recovery Boilers for sale, Quality Industrial Waste Heat Recovery Boilers & Projects(Steam/Hot Water/Hot Air Boiler) on sale of Qingdao Braitway International Trade Co., Ltd. from China. Categories Waste Heat Recovery Boilers Place of Origin: China
Waste heat recovery boiler types based on waste heat characters. High temperature flue gas waster heat It is a common form which is characterized by high yield intensive yield point ease for recovery and utilization which brings away 40 to 50 percent of total calories..
22t/hr waste heat recovery steam boiler/natural gas fired steam boiler (Unused) Manufacturer: EuropeanUEN 927 22T/Hr waste heat recovery boiler/natural gas fired boiler. Complete system. Installed but never operated. Originally designed on the back end of a.
Industrial thermal oil boilers for inmediate delivery, ready to ship at a moment's notice. Ideal for emergency or time-constrained situations. Boiler body Brand: PIROBLOC Model: CE-250 Maximum heating power: 250 kW – 215,000 kcal / h Nominal power: 45 kW
12/12/2017 · ZBG is an indsutrial boiler manufacturer in china, supply many types boiler for sale. Indeck waste heat recovery boilers are custom manufactured based on years of experience utilizing waste heat recovery. To buy a waste heat boiler call us at 847-541-8300. Heat Recovery Boiler With Economizer for Power Generation Waste heat steam boiler: is the high efficient energy saving equipment for flue gas waste heat recovery of generator sets. The waste heat boiler is adopted pin tube /fin tube to
Category Archives: Waste Heat Recovery Boiler to heat water.Regular price
$329.00
Sale
SKU: 397643
Introducing Echo Studio – Smart speaker with high-fidelity audio and Alexa
Overview
Meet Echo StudioYou’ve.
Bring out the best in your musicHuman.
The next dimension in audioHearing is believing. Whatever the source, Echo Studio makes your music sound incredible. Dolby Atmos technology turns stereo tracks into a multidimensional audio experience, adding space, clarity, and depth.
Voice control your musicStream your favourite song, artist, album, genre or playlist through Amazon Music, Apple Music, Spotify, iHeartRadio and more. With multi-room music, you can tell Alexa to play across your compatible Echo devices.
Adapts to any roomEcho Studio automatically analyses the acoustics of your room, fine-tuning playback for optimal sound, no matter where it's placed. Advanced room adaptation takes it a step further. Using the Alexa app, Echo Studio learns your room size, wall distances and furniture placements, and customises sound quality to suit your space.
Alexa is happy to helpMake your life easier at home. Use your voice to set timers, add items to list, and create calendar events and reminders. You can also check the news, weather or traffic. Ask for the sports scores, movie show times, restaurant hours, or information.
Start your smart homeConnect to and manage your smart home with the built-in hub. Just power on compatible Zigbee products and say, .
Better togetherEnjoy rich left/right stereo sound when you pair two of the same Echo smart speakers. Add Echo Sub to create a wireless 2.1 stereo system with even deeper bass. Multi-room music lets you play and control music across multiple Echo devices at the same time.
Designed to protect your privacyAlexa and Echo devices are built with multiple layers of privacy protection. From microphone controls to the ability to view and delete your voice recordings, you have transparency and control over your Alexa experience., Spotify, Apple Music, iHeartRadio, TuneIn and more. Services may require subscriptions or other fees.
Adapts to any room - Automatically senses the acoustics of your space, fine-tuning playback for optimal sound.
Built-in smart home hub - Ask Alexa to control Zigbee-compatible devices.
Keep your family in sync - Use Alexa devices like an intercom to talk to any room in the house with Drop In and Announcements.
Designed to protect your privacy. Built with multiple layers of privacy control including a microphone off button that electronically disconnects the mics.
Technical Specification:
Connected home device type - Smart speakersWireless - YesNetworkable - YesWi-Fi - Wi-Fi 4 (802.11 b/g/n)Bluetooth - YesWorks with Amazon Alexa - YesConnected home features - YesVoice Control - YesBuilt-in microphone - YesManufacturer's warranty - 1 Year
Nimbull Smart Home is an authorised distributor of this product. We guarantee that this product is authorised Australian stock and comes with a manufacturer warranty.Category Archives: Battle Report
Project Rolling – Update #5 – Up to date..
I have jumped from one project to another, commissions mixed with worries and fighting depression. Job search mixed with to few games. I have not put Skorne on the table this year. Really… I have not played enough games either. … 
Posted in Battle Report, commission, Hordes, Painting, Painting Motivation, pinning, project, skorne, Uncategorized Leave a comment
Legion of Dawn vs Imperial Executioners
Set up Skorne My deployment was the Lord Assassin and the Pain Givers in the middle. Set up RoS Seems the majority of the Skorne army will be AD. My best bet is to take a corner which will force … 
Posted in Battle Report, Hordes, Retribution, skorne, Uncategorized, warmachine 7 Comments
Project Stabby – 1st road test
I went to the Whiz and I saw Dave making a list, asked him for a 35 pt game – “sure, let’s go”. I didn’t take any pictures, I wanted to just play…. Now I wish I had pulled out … 
Posted in Battle Report, Hordes, project, skorne 1 CommentAreaware
Pedestal Set - Green
$100.00
Our.
Beech
Tall: 6" x 6" x 4.6"
Short: 6" x 6" x 2.3"
Set of 2Roofing Companies in Haledaled Haledon, NJ
- Helpful and Friendly Customer Service
- New Jersey's Top Rated Roofing Companies
What roofing service are you looking for?
AVG Costs For Roofing Companies
Roofing Companies Haledaledon roofing company. Haledon roofing companies, more specifically Clever Cost Guides, have an outstanding reputation for providing reliable roofing solutions to homeowners. Knowing that you have selected a roofing company in Haledon with an exceptional record for customer satisfaction will go a very long way in reducing anxiety and stress from the entire process.
Hire one of the most trusted roofing companies in Haledon, Clever Cost Guides. They use high-quality materials for all of your needs and they strictly adhere to the standard roofing specifications.
Costs for Roofing Companies in Haledon, NJ
Looking at national averages and data can help a homeowner get a general idea of the cost of roofing companies in Haledon, but it will not get them an exact number. Haledon roofing companies costs will be affected due to labor rates, material costs, and any permits or licenses required. With that in mind figuring out a local average cost for roofing companies in Haledon is highly recommended before starting such a project.
In 2021 our data concluded that the amount homeowners paid for roofing companies in the Passaic county ranged from $6,414.00 to $8,331.00.
Estimates for roofing companies change from state to state and city to city. Below is listed what is usually included and what is usually not included in Haledon roofing companies estimates from local professionals.
Haledon Roofing Companies Estimate Breakdown
- Average Haledon hourly labor costs.
- Material costs ranging from $5.00 to $6.00 per square foot.
- Average miscellaneous costs for other materials and equipment rental in Haledon.
- Unrecognized costs like surface preparation and cleanup fees.
Haledon Roofing Companies Estimates Usually Don’t Account For
- New Jersey sales taxes for materials and related equipment.
- Required permits and building fees enforced by Haledon law.
- General contractor, if used, fees for this project. These fees usually add another $884.64-$1,105.80 to Haledon roofing companies estimates.
It may be beneficial and strategic to compare the costs from cities surrounding the Haledon area as well. Homeowners usually compare Haledon roofing companies with Roofing Companies in Allendale, Roofing Companies near Belleville and Bloomfield, NJ Roofing Companies in order to determine a better price range.
What roofing service are you looking<</cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/63984587/usa_today_12036450.0.jpg)
The latest
Saints defensive end throws shade at Patrick Mahomes and Tom Brady | Bellville News-Democrat
On Monday, Saints defensive end Cameron Jordan visited the show and was asked for his opinion on the best quarterback in the league. Unsurprisingly, he said teammate Drew Brees.
“Isn’t that obvious,” Jordan asked. “Year in and year out (he’s the best), he doesn’t get the MVP year in an year out, but eventually he’s due. Who’s thrown more 5,000-yard seasons than Drew Brees?”
Jordan then diminished what Mahomes and Brady did this past season.
“We’re going to talk about how Pat Mahomes took an already playoff caliber team to another playoffs. Good job,” Jordan said. “We’re going to talk about Tom Brady, who’s been winning Super Bowls. I’d like to see Tom without Bill Belichick. I don’t know. Show me something.”
Ranking NFL divisions by QBs: Mahomes and Rivers power AFC West to second spot, Brady can’t rescue AFC East | CBS Sports
2. AFC West
All four quarterbacks matter, but the AFC West slotting in at No. 2 is testament to Patrick Mahomes and Philip Rivers. The two of them are so good that they dragged the AFC West up to the second position.
The Biggest Revelation from Every NFL Team’s OTAs | Bleacher Report
Kansas City Chiefs: Damien Williams Is the Starting Running Back
“Damien Williams is our starter,” Bieniemy said, per Matt Derrick of ChiefsDigest.com. “We expect him to excel in that role.
It was easy to assume the Chiefs would hold a competition for the starting job that would last throughout the offseason. However, the competition already appears to have been settled.
PFF50: The NFL’s 50 best players entering the 2019 season | Pro Football Focus
48. T MITCHELL SCHWARTZ, KANSAS CITY CHIEFS.
The Best NFL Free Agents Still on the Market | The Ringer
RB Darren Sproles
Outside of that trio of teams, Sproles could be a nice addition to the Chiefs’ explosive offense. Damien Williams is the presumptive bellcow of that backfield, but Sproles could certainly still do some damage in Andy Reid’s wide-open scheme.
CB Morris Claiborne
The Chiefs could add a little bit of insurance behind free-agent addition Bashaud Breeland, who played just seven games last year while battling hamstring and groin injuries.
NFL teams ranked by their franchise QBs: Cowboys, 49ers on top | NFL
RANK 21. KANSAS CITY CHIEFS
Who qualifies for the Chiefs? -- Alex Smith (2013-17): 76 starts | 50-26 | 3 Pro Bowls | 94.8 passer rating -- Trent Green (2001-06): 88 starts | 48-40 | 2 Pro Bowls | 87.3 passer rating -- Steve DeBerg (1988-91): 52 starts | 31-20-1 | 0 Pro Bowls | 81.8 passer rating -- Bill Kenney (1980-88): 77 starts | 34-43 | 1 Pro Bowl | 77.0 passer rating -- Len Dawson (1967-1975): 90 starts | 53-33-4 | 4 Pro Bowls | 78.6 passer rating | 1 SB ring
Dawson’s ring and Smith’s development into a top-12 starter aren’t enough to elevate the Chiefsabove the Falcons. Had the Chiefs legend’s pre-’67 production been eligible for consideration, it’d be a different story.
Patrick Mahomes nailed the bat flip after his homer at Big Slick softball game | Kansas City Star
The home run was a no-doubter and Mahomes took a few moments to watch the flight of the ball. Mahomes then had a perfect bat flip as he started his home run trot.
The Royals shared this video clip of the bat flip:
Around the league
Who can trigger a review on pass interference? Why NFL coaches are worried | ESPN
Historically, coaches haven’t won many battles over rules with league decision-makers. The choice appears to be between complicating traditional strategy and lengthening games, even if a sky judge one day renders the entire debate moot. Regardless, it seems clear that, one way or another, someone is going to be unhappy as the committee navigates this rule change to a workable position for the 2019 season.
No days off? Patriots cancel final week of OTAs | NFL
The New England Patriots canceled the final two days of offseason organized team activities that were scheduled for Monday and Tuesday, NFL Network’s Mike Giardi reports.
Turner: Panthers can be ‘explosive’ with healthy Cam | NFL
“He’s really attacked this rehab, and he’s done everything he could possibly do physically to get back to where he is with the shoulder,” Turner told Breer over the weekend. “The rehab’s gone great. Obviously, part of it he did on his own, a big part of it, before we got back. But since April 20 or so, when we got back, he’s been totally engaged, both physically and mentally.
Yannick Ngakoue skips minicamp in contract dispute | NBC Sports Pro Football Talk
“I will not be attending minicamp as my contract has not been resolved. I remain committed to Jacksonville, the fans and my teammates. My hope is to be with Jacksonville for years to come,” he said.
No new contract yet, but Malcolm Jenkins reports for Eagles’ minicamp | Yahoo! Sports
Jenkins is a three-time Pro Bowler, including the last two years, but isn’t considered one of the very best safeties in the NFL. However, he has high value to the Eagles as a team leader and strong voice in the community in addition to what he does on the field.
8 reasons why the Raiders should be a slam dunk choice for ‘Hard Knocks’ | SB Nation
Jon Gruden? AB? Vontaze Burfict? This could be the drama HBO has been looking for since Season 6 of “Game of Thrones”.
In case you missed it at Arrowhead Pride
Five questions to be answered at Chiefs minicamp this week
There are many more, but here are five that seem to be on a lot of minds as the next phase of the Chiefs offseason gets underway
Mecole Hardman on Patrick Mahomes: there’s no time for “awe mode”
Playing with the league MVP is nice, according to Hardman, but he wants to make his own mark sooner rather than later.
Scenes from Chiefs production day
Per some of the Chiefs’ official social media accounts, shooting day was happening on Monday ahead of mandatory minicamp.
Patrick Mahomes will have “bazooka” ability, no-look pass in Madden NFL 20
The Madden team revealed that and more at its EA Play 2019 event over the weekend.culture
Sound Advice: Psych Pop from Toronto by Various Artists
A new compilation from Optical Sounds shows the diversity of Toronto's psych-pop scene.
When the folks at local indie label Optical Sounds opted to name their latest compilation Psych Pop from Toronto, they were clearly using “pysch pop” in the broadest possible sense. All of the songs on the comp have psych-poppy elements (fuzzy guitars, catchy choruses, and reverb-heavy vocals), but they’re also very different from one another.
In many ways, the diversity of Psych Pop from Toronto works to the album’s advantage. Every band involved has its own strengths. Flowers of Hell’s “Muchomurky Bílé” is big, lush, and orchestral, with horns and strings and contrasting male and female vocals. The BB Guns’ “Baby I Hate You” is cheerful and stripped down, with upbeat, girl-group-flavoured singing. The Auras, on the other hand, are big, ballsy, and grandiose on “Spiritual Weapon.” And Action Makes brings a high-energy, sneering punky stomp with “Pleasant Hymn Part 2.” (Sadly, Action Makes has since broken up. You can listen to “Pleasan Hymn Part 2” by clicking on the sample above.)
Psych Pop shows off an interesting sample platter of bands that are different enough to be interesting, but similar enough that they go together. It’s proof of just how many talented bands there are in this city.Specialist Kitchen Appliances
Electric Can Openers
Candy Floss Machines
Tortilla & Flatbread Makers
Rice Cookers
Pasta Makers
Ice Makers
Ice Cream Makers
Electric Knife Sharpeners
Fondue Pots & Sets
Doughnut Makers
Electric Pressure Cookers
Chocolate Fountains
Pizza Makers & Ovens
Ice Crushers & Shavers
Electric Skillets & Woks
Beverage Warmers
Crepe Makers
Rotisseries
Yoghurt Makers
Muffin & Cupcake Makers
Food Smokers
Pizzelle Makers
Shop Specialist Kitchen Appliances
Calling all experimental foodies! OnBuy’s weird and wonderful collection of specialty food makers will see you turning out show stopping treats at your next dinner party or gathering. From top quality pasta machines to oh-so cute cupcake makers, this edit puts the ‘fun’ in functional.!
Best-selling products in Specialist Kitchen Appliances
More great offers in Specialist Kitchen Appliances
Highest rated in Specialist Kitchen Appliances
SKU: WRE6-S
Small Wild Rose Stud Earrings
Details
#SterlingSilver
English Country garden Roses. Delicately handcrafted rosebuds with two layers of petals ear studs in Sterling Silver. Total width of flower 5mm.
#YellowGoldVermeil
English country garden Roses. This pair of sterling silver ear-studs feature delicately handcrafted roses with two layers of petals, with a radiant yellow gold vermeil finish. Total width of flower<<ENDURA-MAX
An essential everyday electrolyte, salt, calcium and magnesium supplement specifically designed to support the unique nutritional requirements of endurance horses..
SPECIES: equineOttawa [Canada] : A new study has shown how dexamethasone, the main treatment for severe COVID-19 lung infections, may help male patients but has little to no benefit for females.
The findings of the study were published in the journal ‘Nature Medicine’. a limited benefit,” said Yipp, Tier II Canada Research Chair in Pulmonary Immunology, Inflammation and Host Defense.
“Currently, it’s possible the mainstay therapy for severe COVID-19 that we’re giving everybody is only benefiting half the population. This is a big problem,” added Yipp.
At the onset of the pandemic, hospitals’ treatments of the severely ill were not yet informed by research into how effective the drugs were under COVID-19 conditions. Steroids were the first identified drugs with proven benefits,,” said effect on the female population. analyse the functional states of thousands of immune cells from each patient. This allowed them to document cellular behaviours at different stages of the disease (COVID-19 or non-COVID infections) and to measure treatment effects.
“We sampled as many patients as we could, not just at a one-time point but at a follow-up time point so we could get an idea of the evolution of the disease and the evolution of the immune response,” said,” said Yipp.
“What we found was that specifically in males, we see an exaggerated neutrophil interferon response, that is significantly restrained when a patient is given dexamethasone,” said Biernaskie.
“But with females, relative to males, their neutrophil interferon response was much more tempered, so dexamethasone had little effect,” added Biernaskie.
After identifying the reasons why there’s a sex bias in the way dexamethasone works, Yipp believes that the way forward is for researchers to figure out how to make therapies that benefit more people, or individualised therapies, also known as precision or personalised analysing said.Introduction
Cellulite is a common topographical alteration popularly described as an “orange peel” or “cottage cheese” appearance of the thighs, breasts, and buttocks, which affects millions of aesthetic patients worldwide. The condition mainly affects women and rarely occurs in men. It has been reported that approximately 85% of post-adolescent women have some degree of cellulite. The debate surrounding the etiology of the disease and the efficacy of available treatments remains unsolved, confined by the limited data in the literature devoted to addressing the topic. Current proposed treatments for cellulite include topical agents, light-emitting diodes (LED), electrotherapy, injection lipolysis, lymphatic drainage, and liposuction. This article will focus on mesotherapy injection, exploring its mechanism of action, as well as its efficacy in managing cellulite.
Patient Analysis
Patients between the ages of 18 and 75 years are generally the best candidates for mesotherapy, provided they are in good physical and medical health and with realistic expectations. A detailed medical history and physical examination are crucial in mesotherapy administration. Laboratory tests may not be necessary unless the patient has a comorbid medical condition during the initial consultation. The treatment is not recommended for patients who are pregnant, breastfeeding, or those of childbearing potential who are not using any forms of contraception. Ideally, patients should have a normal blood count, lipid levels, and renal and liver function. Patients with darkly pigmented skin (Fitzpatrick IV-VI) may be at risk for post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation.
The patient must be counselled that swelling, tenderness, and nodule formation may occur. Additionally, they should be informed that the results are slow but long lasting. Repeat treatments are normally required to achieve favorable outcome. Pre-treatment and post-treatment photographs are helpful to assess results, though photographs alone may not reflect subtle changes, such as firmer or tighter sensation, which most patients experience after treatment.
Definition and Physiopathology
From a histomorphological point of view, cellulite is defined as panniculopatia edemato-fibro-sclerotica (PEFS), which corresponds to the stages of advancement of cellulite. Therefore, cellulite may be considered, not as one disease entity, but a series of events characterized by interstitial edema, connective tissue fibrosis, and concomitant sclerotic evolution. Hence, the three indications that potential treatments should target are the presence of excess adipose, water retention, and fibrosis, as proposed by Dr. Philippe Blanchemaison in 2000. Cellulite is caused by many complex events that involve the epidermis, dermis, and subcutaneous tissue. While it’s not specific to overweight women, increased adipose formation will exacerbate the condition. There are three forms of edema that can be associated with cellulite disorder:
- Venous edema – associated with inflammation of the tissues and deposition of hemosiderin
- Lipedema – characterized by fat and water deposits in the subcutaneous tissue
- Lymphedema – related to accumulation of lymph with high protein content due to stasis in the interstitial space and characterized by tumescent state of soft tissues
The occurrence of cellulite seems to be attributable to morphologic, inflammatory, and biochemical alterations in the subcutaneous tissue, with localized adipose deposits and edema being the main precipitating factors. If there is an increase in excess fat stored as triglycerides, the swelling of adipocytes will be greater, as adipocytes can expand up to 50 times their original volume.
History and Classification
Goldman described cellulite as a “normal physiological state in women, which maximizes adipose tissue retention to ensure adequate caloric availability for pregnancy and lactation.” In 1922, French doctors Alquier and Pavot described cellulite as characterized by interstitial fluid retention and dystrophy of the mesenchymal tissues, without inflammatory elements. Pierard-Franchimont was the first to recognize the “mattress” phenomenon in cellulite upon pinching of the skin. He also observed that women who are not overweight or obese rarely develop full-blown cellulite.
Nurnberger and Muller (1978) and Rosenbaum et al. (1998) stated that there is a gender-based difference between the layer of connective tissue immediately below the dermis. In women, subcutaneous tissue in cellulite-prone areas are separated by voluminous lobules that favor the expansion of adipose tissue into the dermis. Men, on the other hand, have crisscrossing bands in the connective tissues that form smaller polygonal lobules, which do not tend to protrude into the dermis despite hyper-accumulation of lipids. Nurnberger and Muller classified cellulite in four stages based on the appearance of the skin.
- Stage 0 – no alterations to the skin surface
- Stage I – skin is smooth while the patient is standing or lying down but pinching the skin shows folds and furrows
- Stage II – skin surface is smooth while lying down but mattress phenomenon is seen when standing
- Stage III– mattress phenomenon is observed in both standing and lying positions
Cellulite Treatment
Weight loss has been the most frequently suggested treatment for cellulite since decreasing the subcutaneous fat may reduce the puckered or dimpled appearance of the skin. Weight reduction, physical activity, massage, and liposuction have shown favorable results in clinical practice. Other cosmetic, pharmacological, herbaceutical, and homeopathic remedies, despite fleeting commercial success, fail to ameliorate the condition completely. Topical treatments are often employed for mild to moderate cellulite. The active substances in these topical creams, gels, and lotions act by increasing microcirculation, promoting lipolysis, and scavenging and preventing free radical formation, as well as restoring the normal structure of the dermis and subcutaneous tissue.
Mesotherapy
The French physician, Michel Pistor, was the first to conceptualize the practice in the 1950s, particularly for the management of pain and vascular disorders. He described it as an “allopathic, mild, polyvalent, and regional therapeutic procedure.” While the impact of mesotherapy is primarily anecdotal, it is starting to gain popularity in different countries worldwide, including Brazil, Singapore, South Korea, Canada, Belgium, and Germany to name a few. Experts in the field regard mesotherapy, also known as intradermal therapy, as a “philosophy” and not just a simple technique. Some authors describe the procedure as something in between acupuncture and reflexogenic techniques.
Common Applications
Mesotherapy involves a diverse array of intradermal or subcutaneous injection techniques that conveys micro doses of medications and other compounds known to have a therapeutic effect on medical and cosmetic conditions. Mesotherapy is a popular treatment for cellulite. Other common applications of mesotherapy include body sculpting, lipoma, alopecia, facial rejuvenation, hyperpigmentation, and a variety of dermatologic conditions such as acne, melasma, eczema, psoriasis, telangiectasia, and vitiligo.
Products
here is no standardized formulation for mesotherapy injection. The products selected for treatment depends on the condition being treated. In some cases, a combination of different agents called “cocktails” is utilized to achieve desired results. A cocktail mixture must contain at least two to three active agents for it to be effective. In treating cellulite with mesotherapy, the injector will have to go back to the physiopathology of the condition and examine the properties of each compound. The ideal product must be isotonic, hydrosoluble, biocompatible, physically and chemically stable, have an adequate pH, and well tolerated after dermal administration; more importantly, have low allergenic potential. One should keep in mind the four stages in treating cellulite with mesotherapy (1) Reducing lipedema, (2) restoring efficient microcirculation, (3) lipolysis, and (4) restructuring the connective tissue.
Circulatory enhancers
- Pentoxifylline – improves microcirculatory perfusion because of its effect on erythrocyte shape, platelet aggregation, and plasma fibrinogen concentration
- Papaverine – a vasodilator that promotes microcirculation
- Etamsylate (Dicynone) – promotes drainage of connective tissues and improves the integrity of capillaries
Connective tissue breakdown
- Hyaluronidase – may break down hyaluronic acid, and eventually, the connective tissue bands that produces the orange peel appearance of cellulite
- Organic silica (Conjonctyl) – reorganizes the architecture of the dermis and improves blood circulation by rebuilding the inner lining of blood vessels.
- Synthetic salmon calcitonin (Miacalcin) – stimulates microcirculation within the cellulite
- Nutritional cocktail (NCTF 135) – contains hyaluronic acid, vitamins, minerals, amino acids, nucleotides, coenzymes, and antioxidants to resist the effects of oxidative stress and help in fibroblast functioning
- Magnesium – essential in maintaining large numbers of normal enzymatic reactions and needed for its antioxidant properties
Lipolytic
- L-carnitine – helps deliver fatty acids into cells, which can be burned as a source of fuel
- Caffeine – stimulates the release of fat to the blood stream, which can be metabolized
- Aminophylline – has a localized lipolytic effect
- Isoproterenol – a b-receptor stimulator, which increases rate of lipolysis
- Yohimbine – an alkaloid extracted from the inner bark of the tree Corymanthe yohimbe, which is excellent for targeting localized fat.
Techniques
Superficial intradermic or multi-pricking method is commonly used for treating cellulite. Meso-therapeutic agents are introduced into the dermis thorough multiple rapid injections using a 4mm to 6mm needle. It is also called “nappage bouncing,” described by Dr Pistor as a slight bouncing action of the wrist. It is performed by making quick needle pricks on the skin at a rate of 10 punctures/second without dragging the needle on the skin. Many practitioners choose to use mesotherapy gun (mesogun) for injections. The benefits of using a mechanical delivery gun are as follows:
- More comfortable for injectors and patients
- Faster than manual injection
- Delivers precise doses of medication
- Achieves consistent depth of penetration on each injection
Treatment course
Mesotherapy is suggested to have little effect on obese patients without proper diet and exercise. Combining different active ingredients yields better results. Treatment can be administered weekly for 10-12 weeks. The results differ from patient to patient, but usually are seen at the fifth week, with optimum results observed at the tenth or twelfth session.
Various treatment cocktails
Below are suggested medication mixtures for treating adipose, water retention, and fibrosis in cellulite. Designing the best treatment plan depends on the practitioner’s careful evaluation of each patient’s condition. This is by no means a comprehensive list and should only serve as a guide when considering mesotherapy for patients with cellulite.
For adipose
Active ingredients: Base xanthan, theophylline aminophylline, and Euphylline
Secondary ingredients: Vasodilator, Papaverine
Silica: Conjonctyl, magnesium
Mixture:
- Lidocaine 2ml
- Euphylline 2ml
- Papaverine 2ml
- Conjonctyl 2ml
For water retention
Active ingredients: Ethamsylate (Dicynone)
Secondary ingredients: Papaverine
Vitamin C, Conjonctyl, magnesium
Mixture:
- Lidocaine 2ml
- Dicynone 2ml
- Papaverine 2ml
- Conjonctyl 1ml
- NCTF 135 1ml
For fibrosis
Active ingredients: Calcitonin
Secondary ingredients: Vasodilator, Papaverine
Silica, Vitamin C
Mixture:
- Lidocaine 2ml
- Calcitonin 50 U.I.
- Papaverine 2ml
- Conjonctyl 1ml
- NCTF 135 1ml
Conclusion
The pathophysiology of cellulite remains enigmatic for clinicians. Perhaps if the exact origin of the condition is revealed, better treatment options could be developed. While mesotherapy sounds like a novel technique, physicians have been using it for decades to treat medical and aesthetic indications. Clinicians practicing mesotherapy should possess a good knowledge of medications and compounds used to ensure patient’s safety. It is recommended to choose products whose mechanism of action is well understood and whose adverse effects are well studied. It is quite possible; however, that a combination of several treatment modalities may be the best intervention to ameliorate the signs and symptoms of cellulite.Enlargement System ProExtender Warranty Contact
He actually acquires loads of physical exercise. I hear it operates, but it is actually a bitch to always keep track of and it is actually certainly not 100% helpful for all men (specifically if you unintentionally skip a time). That doesn’t matter though, does it? Certainly not in a planet filled with clinically state-of-the-art penis extenders, and also I’m certainly not merely speaking about the ProExtender.
Individually, I find my sex-related adventures to become even more rigorous and gratifying since I have walked the planks of the penis extender ship. I feel a lot extra confident and also I never needed to confess my insufficiencies to a room filled with physician. Penis stretching devices, I presume, are actually much better than contemporary lotions, natural supplements, and also physical exercise programs given that they can easily be utilized much more delicately and also discretely.
Many of all of them accommodate perfectly under loose-fitting garments and you can not even observe it. There is no itching or even burning entailed, no distressed tummies or even upset stomach to experience through, and no will definitely power is ever required – Enlargement System ProExtender Warranty Contact. You can easily have your other options. I will certainly select a good penis expanding gadget every single time.
Often it feels this way though, does not it? Luckily for us, the brands listed here are actually made well enough to perform the secret without hurting your penis. That would have assumed that dick enlargement could be thus imaginative? (Enlargement System ProExtender Warranty Contact).
$ 299.95 9.4/ 10 8.9/ 10 Males have a major worry their sex-related equipment. They are stressed over their dimension and also efficiency. So, an increasing variety of studies are actually being actually performed in this field – Enlargement System ProExtender Warranty Contact. After studying and also researching strategies for a year, the ProExtender was created. This male enlargement modern technology is actually currently offered for purchase.
Enlargement System ProExtender Warranty Contact
ProExtender is an innovation in the penis enhancement modern technology. It assists to extend and also enlarge the penis. Tribal people have actually been enlarging not simply the penis yet various body parts through a strategy phoned footing. Whether it is actually the lips, earlobes or also back, they found out that it could be lengthened by grip or progressive stretching.
The greatest part is that this growth is actually long-lasting. Using this modern technology of the tribals, physicians operated to strengthen this strategy. The procedure became specific and also much more sophisticated to be used for penis augmentation. Since they knew that grip leads to development of tissue cells and growth, they desired to create a device for this that would certainly be risk-free to utilize and successfully increase the girth as well as length of the penis.
ProExtender is actually a penis enlargement unit. It operates through offering a specific quantity of grip, which enhances eventually in a specific and measured way. This gadget is actually extremely quick and easy to utilize. Making use of footing results in the penile tissues to broaden and also increase. The stretched part develops and also brand-new tissue cells are actually created because part.
ProExtender is fastened to the penis, something like affixing a penis pump, apart from that the ProExtender carries out certainly not have a pipe. The unit has a rubber ring. This band takes place the head of the penis to provide it comfort. Enlargement System ProExtender Warranty Contact. Currently, you do not have to use it throughout. Let the penis and the body system get utilized to it initially.
It is actually normal to have a little stress as well as pain at first. That is actually fine due to the fact that you are attaching something brand new to your body system. Yet there shouldn’t be any sort of discomfort or soreness. If you experience any kind of pain, at that point you are actually administering too a lot strain. Take a breather, remove the device and let the discomfort decrease.
Enlargement System ProExtender Warranty Contact
Once it is actually healed, start once again and also this time around, administering gentle stress. Therefore once you have the ProExtender, take it out of its own packing. It has elongation bars and a base ring. Place the bars over the span of the penis. Now place the penis’ scalp over the silicon band.
If you desire stronger footing, after that you can make use of the added bar. Initially, wear the tool over your penis for 4 hours in a day. Slowly, as your body system obtains used to it, raise the moment as well as you may wear it for regarding 12 hours a time. The ProExtender possesses an instruction guidebook.
Yet, listed below is actually a warning. Perform certainly not make use of excess footing right from the start. Hold your horses or even you will certainly be actually much more annoying and are going to need to go off the ProExtender for a couple of times. The irritation of the penis is actually another variable to look at if you exaggerate it. If after observing all these directions, your penis still resents and very painful, provide on your own a two-week rest as well as begin anew hereafter opportunity.
It is actually on call in sizes varying coming from 2 inches to 7 inches. What does the package consist of? The deal includes the following: The ProExtender Unit; Elongation bars 1 set Band for convenience 1 Silicon Band 1 If you have picked dimension 7 in or additional, then your package deal is going to have the essential set as well as the Deluxe tool.
You also obtain a metal box to lug the device. The ProExtender is essentially for guys to aid with a crooked penis, or even for men that are certainly not delighted with the size and also girth of their penis. Right here are the advantages of using ProExtender: It helps boost the size of the penis through grips.
Enlargement System ProExtender Warranty Contact
It helps males accomplish longer and also more challenging penis through grip. It performs certainly not include any sort of surgical operation or even medical method. It may be put on anytime in the day and eliminate it when he feels the discomfort. It possesses an individual handbook to guide the consumer at first. It features a CD making up of penis exercises to aid with penis augmentation.
There is actually some discomfort being used it yet it lasts for a couple of days till the penis gets utilized to it. It can not be utilized by guys that possess a medical problem. There are no extra parts in the plan. It is expensive. This male augmentation unit is actually readily available only on the.
The high quality container is valued at $399.95 and also possesses a metallic box – Enlargement System ProExtender Warranty Contact. It is for sizes 7 inches and also even more. The maker supplies a cash back assurance. You require to use the ProExtender consistently for a duration of 6 months, observing the directions of the producer. If, after using it for 180 days, you are actually still disappointed, you can return the item in the next 7 days.
The complete expense of the item minus the delivery is actually refunded to you without any kind of concerns inquired. ProExtender is actually delivered in a subtle pure deal to make sure that the personal privacy of the client is certainly not compromised. Your name does not appear anywhere and also the bank card claim reveals a settlement to “leadingedgehealth.com” or even www – Enlargement System ProExtender Warranty Contact.leminternt.com”.
Jorn Ege Siana, a medical professional from Copenhagen presented a research study, ‘Tractive Elongation of the Penis using Flexing” at the Frist International Symposium on Genitourinary Reconstructive Research study, held in Barcelona. Depending On to Dr Jorn Ege Siana, utilizing the ProExtender frequently, increased the penis measurements through around 2.8 cm.
Enlargement System ProExtender Warranty Contact
The study was carried out on subjects that made use of the ProExtender for 1100 hours. There was a typical increase of 1.9 mm in a week. ProExtender is actually for guys who are actually dissatisfied with the size of their penis. When these males desire to improve the, they may utilize the ProExtender to strengthen the health and wellness and measurements of their penis.
Today, in the found opportunity, making use of a traction gadget is actually the most effective solution and treatment for penile curvature. Nothing at all else provides as great end results as a traction device. ProExtender is actually one of the greatest offered footing units to alleviate this problem or even penis. It helps deal with the disorder by applying continually continual as well as delicate stress on the penis.
ProExtender is actually utilized through doctors in the United States and also Europe to help individuals after penis surgical treatment. In many cases, it has actually been actually utilized as a successful substitute to these excruciating medical operations. Ideally, the ProExtender should be actually made use of for a minimum required of. The initial month, the individual gets utilized to using the traction device on his penis.
Beginning using it for 4 hrs a time and progressively raise the amount of time. When you get made use of to the device, you can wear it for as long as 12 hours. The end results end up being noticeable in the following 2 months, offering you quantifiable end results. You don’t possess to gauge the penis every day.
Proceed broadening the gadget routinely to suit the brand new size of the penis. Nearly every evaluation mentions that the modification is actually noticeable when the penis is flaccid and also not when it is actually in the state of penile erection. I really did not know that I might carry out anything regarding my penis size up until a good friend told me that he had actually been actually utilizing ProExtender for recent 6 months as well as had actually helped make awesome progress.
Enlargement System ProExtender Warranty Contact
I purchased it pair of months back and I can see outcomes currently. There has been actually an enlargement of 1.8 cm in the dimension of my penis as well as the circumference has also raised by 0.5 cm. I have actually been using this tool for only 6 full weeks and also I have actually begun finding results.
The curved recommendation of the penis had actually consistently bothered me yet I had actually never ever anticipated that it would certainly ever be straightened out. The ProExtender has actually measured up to its own label. It is actually a high-grade device. I showed this unit to a precision-machinist close friend. He was made an impression on along with it and told me that the component made use of for making the ProExtender is actually top-of-the-line.
Yet I rejoice I carried out. I have consistently wanted a greater penis and had actually been actually considering surgery yet it was actually considered the pain that placed me off. The ache, the cost of the surgical operation and the issues entailed created me decide to order the ProExtender. I recognized that the momentary soreness was a concern I would need to cope with if I intended to achieve my imagine a longer penis.
I took an odds and also discovered to my excellent unpleasant surprise that the pain was very little. The ProExtender is very light, actually. It is a well-constructed device. I acquired made use of to it in concerning 5 times as well as after that, I barely discover it whatsoever. I used it for 4 hours originally today use it for concerning 6 hours a time.
My penis is a lot longer by nearly an inch in 6 months. My assurance as well as strength go to an everlasting high. I experience that I had found this device twenty years back. I needn’t have wasted a great deal opportunity. On the basis of the consumer reviews and also the info offered online, the ProExtender seems to be actually a great traction gadget.
Enlargement System ProExtender Warranty Contact
The size increases as carries out the girth. In guys, the far better their sex-related efficiency, the much more their assurance. This gadget performs help conduct better in bed and also provides your peace of mind a boost. You will definitely not be sorry for the cash you devote. It costs it. Likewise, with. You can use for so long as you want and quit utilizing it when your penis is actually the desired measurements.
If you are going to be utilizing this gadget and also make a decision not to follow formal instructions, you are very seriously endangering the health and wellness and also functionalities of your penis. You may anticipate to experience the following: Bursting of a capillary Reduction of experience Momentary erectile dysfunction Ache Peyronies disease Penile crack Perform certainly not get me incorrect, this device is actually completely secure just as long as you comply with official directions and also sound judgment.
The extender is actually encouraged through doctors as well as hospitals in Spain. It was actually additionally mentioned in a medical study on NCBI.: ProExtender has actually revamped their item as well as transformed it a whole lot. It is actually right now (Enlargement System ProExtender Warranty Contact). It is likewise a standalone device right now, instead of the “Device” they had actually before.: Our team no more highly recommend the ProExtender.
Following a variety of exams and also customer testimonials, we are actually certain through this new referral. Although PeniMaster is actually slightly more expensive (through $fifty), their newer release (initially of 2016) delivers better parts and far more comfy adjustments. Examine our PeniMaster customer review right here.: The ProExtender is actually absolutely no much longer transporting to USA clients.I turned 35 the other day. I say this not to elicit a flurry of warm wishes and virtual presents, but simply to explain why I have been in something of a reflective mood. I know it’s fashionable to push it out a bit these days, but for me 35 has always been officially middle-aged. The average life expectancy for a male in New Zealand is a bit over 75 years, but it’s lower for Maori, and since I’m about 1/8th or something, I round it down a bit. Plus I smoke, drink more than I should (yeah I know I wrote about this last year, having given them both up – it didn’t take), and for the past decade have secretly been having an affair with streaky bacon.
Ageing. There’s nothing quite like it. I’ve hardly gone to pack, but the signs are definitely there. The memory’s not as flash as it once was, which isn’t saying much. There’s usually something that aches or won’t work as it should. I start to wonder how long I can wear trainers before they stop looking ‘yoof’, and start looking like the old guy at the rest home shuffling past in his New Balances.
But to me the most obvious sign I’m Not Getting Any Younger is that increasingly, I just don’t get stuff. And the best example of that right now, is Twitter.
Not Getting Stuff Because You’re Old works like this. First of all, you don’t hear of it until heaps of other people already know what it is. Then, once you’ve heard about it, you don’t really know what it is until heaps of other people are already doing it. Then, once you work out what it is, you can’t figure out for the life of you why anyone would bother.
When we’d all been blogging here for a couple of years, I started working at TVNZ. I remember a number of the older journalists coming up and saying “so these blogs, what are they all about?” and “do you think we should do a story about blogging?” By this stage blogging was old hat to many of us – and at work we were using blogs as tools, for researching, getting opinions, ideas. The idea of reporting on the medium made as much sense as doing a story on ‘radio’ as a concept: “Yeah it’s great, you sort of have this box, and you twiddle with the knobs a bit until voices talk to you.”
So I’m at the point now where I sort of understand how it works. It’s just like the status line in Facebook, right? “Damian is having a slow start to Monday.”
Some of my friends got on the Not Getting Stuff train at Facebook station. No amount of “but you don’t have to let people see your private shit” and “it’s actually really useful for sharing photos and invites” would convince them. And yeah, when you’re on Facebook, updating your status is one way to procrastinate for another few seconds before getting back to work. But I don’t do it more than every few days, and in-and-of-itself I don’t think it’s particularly interesting.
Okay. So while I've been writing this, I’ve signed up to Twitter. I’m scared that if I don’t get it there and bags “damianchristie” right now, come 2014, when Prime Minister Collins pushes through the Twitter Registration (Let’s Not Have a Repeat of the Lockwood Incident) Act is passed and it becomes compulsory for everyone to have accounts we can be tracked, I’ll end up with dschristi347 or something similarly wack, and that's now how I roll.
Looking at the twitter friends I have been automatically assigned via my contacts list, I see that one is thinking of buying a new computer; another is annoyed at delays in outsourcing; while another is annoyed at the delays in his online supermarket shopping. Britney Spears apparently had a great dinner with her dancers. I take it all back…
Damian Christie is writing a blog about twitter. How circular.
giovanni tiso,
I reall enjoy the people who twittered in the crowd in Napier during the test match with their little whiteboards - that's a clever use of the medium, by golly.
Wellington • Since Jun 2007 • 7430 posts Report
Joanna,
"becomes"? I do not think you know what this word means...
Wellington • Since Nov 2006 • 729 posts Report
Robyn Gallagher,
My advice for people new to Twitter is to just create and account, follow some people you know, and just go with the flow. Soon enough you'll figure out how you're going to use Twitter (cos everyone has their own experience).
Also, I'm so over 34. I'm eagerly awaiting 35 so I can amp up my twatmanship.
Raglan • Since Nov 2006 • 1883 posts Report
Robyn Gallagher,
Which, by the way, I tweeted about last night.
Raglan • Since Nov 2006 • 1883 posts Report
Paul Brislen,
Dive on in Damien... it's the only way. Twitter is 99% rubbish but the last 1% more than makes up for it. Real time news dissemination at its finest. You'll find out about big events sooner on Twitter than on traditional news sites...
I watched the US election results come in on my PC (work time, y'know). Three tabs open - BBC, CNN and Twitter. I would see a result posted on Twitter (a re-tweet of a re-tweet from someone close to the action) and would wait to confirm it (and it always was confirmed) some time later on CNN (BBC was for the international flavour and the historical stuff which it did exceptionally well).
These days I find out about stuff first on Twitter by a long chalk. Even obvious stuff like the Reserve Bank dropping interest rates - it's a good 15 minutes ahead of the news sites.
Plus you meet a nicer class of people.
Auckland • Since Nov 2006 • 183 posts Report
Isabel Hitchings,
I'm fairly sure that 35 is at least 10 years too young to be middle-aged. And I'm going to keep telling myself that.
Christchurch • Since Jul 2007 • 708 posts Report
Deborah,
40.
40 is middle-aged. You have five years to go.
Disclosure: I'm 43.
Manawatu City • Since Nov 2006 • 1337 posts Report
Paul Brislen,
I'm 40.
72 is middle aged.
Auckland • Since Nov 2006 • 183 posts Report
Paul Brislen,
And this Just To Hand (via Twitter, of course): TVNZ cracks down on social media use at work:
How does one enlinken links on this here blog...
quote:
"As part of TVNZ’s response to the recession, restrictions are now being put on access to some social websites. Provision of bandwidth is an increasing cost to the company and high volume usage on social networking websites impacts on our bandwidth availability for core business activities i.e. the consumer experience on tvnz.co.nz and ondemand. The restrictions will be active from Wednesday March 18th and will apply between the hours of 9am and 5pm, Monday to Friday. Outside of these hours, please use your judgement on appropriate personal use.
The websites that will be blocked are: Facebook, Bebo, Ebay, Zillion, Trademe, Gumtree."
Auckland • Since Nov 2006 • 183 posts Report
Tony Kennedy,
72 is the new twennies
Wellington • Since Nov 2006 • 220 posts Report
Paul Brown,
I'm 60, working 16hr days in Rio and starting to feel that perhaps middle age is coming earlier than expected. I did get off the station at Facebook too.
My father is 93 though, and into email and Skype.
Piha • Since Nov 2006 • 12 posts Report
Damian Christie,
I guess the point is Paul, when you get to my age, I reckon another 15 minutes to get my news ain't gonna hurt me none ...
Wellington • Since Nov 2006 • 1141 posts Report
Peter Darlington,
Christie's on board guys, Twitter's officially dead.
Nelson • Since Nov 2006 • 906 posts Report
simon g,
Step away from the twitter, sir. Put it down now.
The death toll in the Victorian bushfires has today been revised from 210 to 173. You see, it's worth waiting a month for the news. Who needs more misery, faster, falser?
Auckland • Since Nov 2006 • 855 posts Report
Paul Brislen,
But I'm a news junkie! I want it now! I don't want to wait to know, I want to be the guy people say "how'd you know this stuff before everyone else?".
I love it. More, sooner, faster. Now now now.
You TV journo types... it's all about "we'll get to it when we're good and ready". It's not news if someone else has already told me.
Auckland • Since Nov 2006 • 183 posts Report
giovanni tiso,
Word. If the excitement of Twitter was finding out about cash rates movements 15 minutes before other people, that'd be seriously quite sad.
Wellington • Since Jun 2007 • 7430 posts Report
Paul Brislen,
But that's only one part of it. Take the bush fire example - it's not that the initial news around the number of dead was wrong, it's that you can use Twitter to give you real time updates on where the fire is right now, as it turns.
But hey, it's not for everyone. Believe me, I didn't want to get involved in the first place but having been dragged into it I can see its value both as a support mechanism and as an information dissemination channel, one that operates far faster than any other medium around today.
And given its growth rate, I'd say there's plenty of interest in getting information now rather than in fifteen minutes (or an hour, or six hours, or not at all).
Auckland • Since Nov 2006 • 183 posts Report
Morgan Davie,
Curse you mr christie. I just signed up to twitter thanks to this. It was your warning that I would one day be "mrg.an177775" if I didn't act now that did it.
I mean, i have an account on Hoffspace. i don't have any credibility left to lose.
Also, I now get to follow Christopher Walken.
Wellington • Since May 2008 • 36 posts Report
Joanna,
You're all missing the point. Twitter is awesome because if I didn't have internet on my phone, it would still let me update the internet via text message to tell the world how drunk I am at a particular point in time. That is all.
Wellington • Since Nov 2006 • 729 posts Report
Morgan Davie,
Except that was a fake christopher walken!
I just got double stuffed!
Wellington • Since May 2008 • 36 posts Report
Paul Brislen,
but you can chat with the real Stephen Fry... or the real Neil Gaiman... or the real, well just about any of them really.
Twitter is (I'll try not to overstate it too much) one of the best new tools for journalists available today. Up there with mobile phones, an ability to remember details while drunk and an expense account.
Have a look at:
for some examples.
I'm constantly surprised by what I can learn from reading Twitter and by how quickly what I write gets passed around.
Auckland • Since Nov 2006 • 183 posts Report
Paul Brislen,
and if real time isn't your thing, how about this photo:
which is why Twitter works summed up in a frame.
Auckland • Since Nov 2006 • 183 posts Report
Richard Irvine,
Web
The best Twitter explaination I've heard is 'CB radio for nerds'.
Or, this video should clear everything up.
Auckland • Since Dec 2006 • 241 posts Report
Don Christie,
I'd love twitter as a client. There is none of this 24*7 availability, 99.9999999999% uptime shit. They *know* the Internet is flaky and when the site needs a rest they stick up a pretty picture, and let it rest.
What could be more reasonable :-)
Wellington • Since Nov 2006 • 1627 posts Report
Sacha,
Web Twitter
Hard to argue with that - if I had a web-connected phone. Old styles, I know, but I'll get there. Was very impressed observing the twittering at #kiwifoo close up, and subsequently checked #webstock and #blackout with interest.
Ak • Since May 2008 • 17443 posts ReportListen to a Clip of the Interview
About
Ricardo Richards
Ricardo Richards was born in 1946 and grew up in Calidonia with parents of West Indian descent. Though both of his parents were born in Panama, his mother’s family is from Barbados and his father’s family is from Jamaica. As a teenager Richards formed a jazz group named “Jazz Messengers”, but he now insists that his favorite type of music is reggae because, for him, it is a form of protest that can send a powerful message about how to change the world to its listeners—especially the youth, who he considers to be world’s most valuable resource. Ricardo holds dual degrees in political science and sociology, but he lives in a rural environment and works for an association called Futur, a group that is extremely devoted to grassroots activism through the empowerment of local communities. As a Rastafarian, Ricardo sees Africa as the cradle of all civilization, and believes that the concept of Afro-Antillano, if taken too literally, can prevent people from respecting their rich African heritage if it limits one’s concept of origin to just one place on the map. Ricardo says that he is married “sometimes,” and has children who speak varying degrees of English.
Hear More From Ricardo Richards
Subscribe to our email list and get access to our Digital Library, where you can find interview transcripts, full-length interviews, resources for educators and researchers, and more!“Rashford” insists that the ghost is still determined despite being difficult
ManIf board sports are your thing, but the current weather and conditions aren’t ideal for snowboarding, skateboarding, or surfing, this spring-mounted Gyroboard alternative promises to keep you in shape and let you train all year round.
It’s reminiscent of the springy rides you’d find at a playground, but instead of a cartoonish character on top there’s a flat deck that spins and bounces around while you ride it. The height of the spring can be adjusted depending on your skill level, as well as how far it can bend to and fro.
You can also limit how easily the $US300 Gyroboard’s deck spins, since I suspect that could be the easiest way a rider gets thrown off and injured. And breaking a bone on this thing would probably result in even more injury to an athlete’s reputation. [Gyro Enterprises via Gizmag]When composing response essays, you’re permitted to have your own opinion
But it’s a good idea to keep in mind that the reader answer isn’t only a notion, but in addition a thorough evaluation of this material being reviewed. In most situations, your essay needs to offer your fair comment in regards to the assigned bit. When there’s an issue with all the piece, your composition should show that, as opposed to simply take the student’s sentence for this. There are some essay topics which may readily be manipulated for one’s personal opinion, but such issues should be avoided at any cost.
A response essay an average of is your first opinion in regards to a particular job, which includes but is not restricted by books, pictures, poems, songs, along with other artwork. Other reply documents frequently include just two areas; a review and also an view. You are not only going to provide an opinion on the particular work, but also reveal a critique of it.
The secret to response essays is to start with your essay with a debut. This ought to give a obvious explanation of why you are producing the reply essay, and exactly what you plan related to it when you complete it. Numerous schools expect a response article to be essay help written within a particular period of time, so which means you will have to start this area just before your deadline. Here Are a Couple Tips on how to write a response article:
Write an introduction. An introductory paragraph should provide a very clear excuse concerning the reasons you are producing the reply. It ought to be considered a sensible length and avoid having your opening paragraph or sentence ending having”along with with a very Happy ending” Avoid employing the term”with a goal to” instead of”to.” Avoid using vague or flowery vocabulary.
Write a writing effective overview. A list is only a set of the key ideas on your response essays. Begin each point having a bullet point list to make it a lot easier to summarize the points. Assessing the thoughts in a fashion that leaves your audience using the main points in an easy-to-follow way.
Create a thesis statement. A thesis statement will be the principal idea of your own answer. In a nutshell, your thesis statement can be an outline that summarizes your major thoughts about this issue. It is possible to use a simple thesis announcement such as”Thesis: X does occur due to Y.” Or you can enlarge your thesis announcement to some longer one who includes additional information.
End your response essays. The last part of your response paper would be that the end result. Compose your conclusion in a means that says the situation you addressed at the introduction section and summarizes your key points about this issue. Remember to get rid of your answer essay write essays for money onto a superior notice; a paragraph or 2 may be all that you will need to write down your thoughts.
Now that you know the tips for composing answer essays, you will have no issue finishing your mission and showing your brand new notions. Your composition will likely be a important part of one’s academic writing services file and also can function as the foundation for more studies. Usually do not be hesitant to make use of these tips for writing essays that are successful. Hopefully, you may probably be asked to write another reply essay once you’ve successfully completed this specific particular one.
Don’t forget to start your response essay by simply creating a brief summary of your thesis and reply. Then, keep on with a brief overview of one’s new thoughts. At length, end your response with a final summary of one’s disagreements and a conclusion that ties your discussions together.
Just like any kind of educational writing, remember to follow proper grammar rules. Grammar checkers are offered at most bookstores, but in the event that you are feeling the demand, you may utilize the web site. Look for punctuation checkers that will enable you to review your written function for the grammatical arrangement of real-life circumstances. Then, correct your composition primarily based on these buildings.
In your response informative article, do not write on only one topic. If you just have a couple ideas for writing such a informative article, commence with your important idea first and then enlarge from there. For those who have way too many thoughts, you can tend to pay all the main things on your essay plus this really is not what you want to do. Remember, you are writing a mission to illustrate your knowledge in a particular subject area, perhaps not to prove you’re an authority in several subjects. Also, remember your writing need to not just take a way out of the key things that you have opted to write around in your answer.3dRose ht_167167_1 Stereo and Speaker Art Look a Likes-Iron on H
Cheap family meals
Wholesome, budget suppers for the whole family.Snacks for kids Kids baking Healthy kids
Quick cakes
Oak Island Nova Scotia Arrows And Skulls Newborn Baby Unisex RomMicrowave peanut butter & jam brownies Blood orange & poppy drizzle muffins Easy chocolate cupcakes
under-20-minutes
Speedy recipes perfect for midweek meals.Jerk prawn & coconut rice bowls Mexican chicken burger Penne with a punchy tuna sauceiHerb カスタマーレビュー
Cholesterol down!!!
4 人が、次のレビューが役に立ったと感じています
Reviewer1033257により Sep 07, 2008 に掲人が、次のレビューが役に立ったと感じています
Reviewer1767797により Mar 09, 2009 に掲載
My total cholesterol dropped 90 points after three months of use, with my LDLs falling 65 points! I just took one in the evening with food most days of the week (about 6 out 7 days). No obvious side effects.
Lowered my cholesterol
1 人が次のレビューが役に立ったと感じています
Reviewer3231079により Mar 23, 2009 に掲人が次のレビューが役に立ったと感じています
Reviewer1279884により Jun 19, 2010 に掲人が次のレビューが役に立ったと感じています
Reviewer1116958により Jan 01, 2010 に掲載
Excellent supplement. Brought my cholesterol level down from 230 to 199 where a competitors did not,Corning Gift Card
Looking for the perfect way to reward your employees? Not sure where to go or what to buy for a birthday or holiday gift? Visit the Information Center of Corning to purchase a Gift Card, redeemable at any of our participating businesses (see list below).
Gift Cards may be purchased in denominations ranging from $5-$500. For additional information, please contact the Information Center of Corning at info@CorningNY.com or call 1-866-463-6264.
For more information on how to be a participating business, please contact Andrew Schultz at alschultz@corningny.com.
Gift Cards may be redeemed at the following locations:
171 Cedar Arts Center
AgeLess SPA
AgeLess SPA The Skin Bar
AJ's Hair, Make-up
Aniello's Pizzeria
Antique Revival
Bottles & Corks
Burgers & Beer of Corning
Card Carrying Books & Gifts
Carey's Brew House
Clemens Center
Clinical Associates of the Southern Tier
Connors Mercantile
Corning Community YMCA
Corning Museum of Glass
Corning Painted Post Civic Music Association
Corning Palace Theatre
Corning Revere Factory Store
Crystal Cleaners
Dippity Do Dahs
Family Life Ministries
Four Fights Distilling
Glaswerk Optical
Glow Beauty Boutique
Heritage Village of the Southern Finger Lakes
Information Center of Corning
Iron Flamingo Brewery
Journey Fitness
Lakewood Vineyards
Laurabelle's A Scratch Bakery
Liquid Shoes Brewing
Nickel's Pit BBQ Corning
Nine Elephants Corning
Old World Cafe & Ice Cream
Pip's Boutique
Pip's Squeak
Pixie Moss Meadows
Pookie's Little Britches
Pure Design
Radisson Hotel Corning, Grille 1-2-5
SlamminJammin BBQ
Sorge's Restaurant
Soul Ease Medical Massage
Steuben County Habitat for Humanity
The ARTS Council of the Southern Finger Lakes
The Cellar Modern Fusion Restaurant
The Rockwell Museum
The UPS Store Corning
Three Birds Restaurant
Tire World of Corning
Tommy Hilfiger
Vitrix Hot Glass Studio
WalMart - Painted Post
Wegmans Food & Pharmacy - Corning
West End Gallery
Wheels Unlimited
Willowcreek Golf Club
Yesterdays
Your CBD Store
This Card is issued by MetaBank®, Member FDIC
Note: Gift Cards with the old Corning Area Chamber of Commerce logo are still accepted at all participating locations.
Purchase a gift card online today:
Click here to visit our Gift Card Purchasing Page on Shop Corning
If you have questions or need assistance, please contact the Information Center of Corning at info@CorningNY.com or call 1-866-463-6264.Time to bid Jassi goodbye
MUMBAI:
It is curtains for popular serial Jassi Jaissi Koi Nahin. The show ends on May 4 with a grand finale — but its makers don’t discount the possibility of its return.
Deya Singh, codirector of Jassi, said: “Who knows? It may return. I firmly believe soaps should have a seasonal run, as they do in other countries.”
Deya is crestfallen but convinced that ending the serial is the right thing to do. “All good things must come to an end. Tony and I have been on Jassi for three years. We have seen it grow into quite a formidable force. One thing is for sure. Jassi will be remembered in the history of Indian television as the one soap that spearheaded many spin-offs.” Jassi will be replaced by Adhikari Brothers’ horror show Khaufnaak.Luxurious and dramatic, these nested cocktail tables from Boyd Blue are bringing our table dreams to life. Perfectly paired with soft linens and textural finishes, the tables are designed to compliment any space, both as workable products and as design statements.
Combining a smooth design with luxe finishes, the tables take a familiar silhouette and elevates it, making use of brass and smoked eucalyptus to give the form a uniquely Australian touch.
Dedicated to preserving the fine art of the handmade, each piece in the Boyd Blue collection is sourced from family businesses and small creative teams. Through her curatorial eye (and Boyd Blue’s own inhouse brand) founder Shelley Boyd presents a celebration of Australian Design, manufacturing and materiality, offering a collection that focuses on detail, distinction and the allure of the unique.
Want to make these tables yours? All you need to do is vote for your favourite house in Habitus House of the Year 2019 selection (terms and conditions apply). To help you out, the Boyd Blue team have picked their top three homes.
Tags: boyd-blue, Design Hunter Competition, Habitus House of the Year, HOTYThis the allium.
Bee names are always confusing. As far as I can tell, the common name “furrow bee” is used to describe bees in the family Halictidae, regardless of whether they are in the genus Halictus or Lasioglossum. If you search for furrow bee, you will find examples from both genera.
As with most bees, it’s hard to find much information on a particular species. Halictus farinosus, however, is stunning, so it’s easy to find lots of photos. The brownish-orange wings and the boldly striped abdomen look nice in the camera, even if you don’t know what the heck it is.
An Oregon specimen
I found these specimens in a suburban garden in Bend, Oregon. On a visit last July, I couldn’t help but notice these bees all over a flower garden wedged between the road and the sidewalk. Other bees visited, too, especially honey bees, but the brown-winged furrow bees worked the allium for long periods. Some of the blooms entertained three or four furrow bees at once.
In my searches, I did manage to find two detailed papers about these bees. I learned they are scattered over most of western North America, they are most abundant May through July, and they live in small, unstructured groups. They are ground nesters that forage on a wide range of flowers and are quick flyers—you can barely seem them go.
The bees nest in dry areas with sparse grass, brush, or open woodland. The main nest tunnel is vertical, and each of the brood chambers are constructed directly off the main tunnel. They appear to have two sets of brood per year. The first is small and comprises only workers. Later in the season, a larger brood nest yields both males and females.
As a side note, drumstick allium was quite popular with many bees and may be a species to consider for your pollinator garden this spring.
Rusty
Honey Bee Suite
7 Comments
Wow.
Just…..wow.
Thank you Rusty for all the great blog posts. I am a hobby bug-o-phile and love to learn about all the native bees. I never knew there were so many. We have at least a few kinds of bumbles and leaf cutters here in the Cascades. At my old house a few miles from where we live now I would spend hours watching them cutting the fuzzy Sitka Willow leaves and flying them back to their nest in a rockery nearby. They must have had a huge pantry to fit the volume of leaf pieces they collected even in one day. That was at least 12 years ago.
Reading your blog about the your native bee experiences makes me want to go see if the leaf cutters are still living there when the snow melts. It also makes me think of the other mountain bee experiences I have had. I am blessed to live in such a place were the wilderness is practically at my back door. I get to see so many wonderful native bugs birds and animals at every turn.
Last year I was being lost in the woods for Search and Rescue training on the side of that same mountain. My best friend is in Canine SAR and sometimes I get lost for just her and sometimes for the whole team. This time it was just for her and her golden, Harry. Usually I just sit on a stump, log, rock or at the base of a tree where there is cover so the dogs can’t see me. It was early season so there was no cover and I decided to lay down below a tree to keep out of sight. I happily happened to lay down right next to a native bumble bee nest! I was so lucky, while waiting quietly for her dog to find me, to be able to watch the workers coming and going.
It was chilly mountain spring in late May with snow patches still around and there was hardly a leaf out yet. I was in dark second growth fir woods at the base of a hemlock and the little bumbles were living in an old moss covered rotted log that was well on its way to being reclaimed by the spongy forest floor.
I didn’t even know they were there until I heard one flying over me and hovering for a bit. She was wondering, no doubt, what I was doing there and if I was a threat since my head was less than two feet directly in front of their front door. She went in and soon another bumble came to the entrance from inside and looked at me for a bit trying to decide if she should come give me a sting. I smiled and lay still while we pondered each other. I didn’t have my camera and I didn’t want to move anyway. I haven’t identified them specifically but they were small bumble bees with orange on their rump. Much smaller than regular bumble bees.
She took off and did an orientation flight over and around me before going off to do her important work. Word must have gotten around in the nest because then a few bumbles came to look at me from their mossy doorstep. They were pushing each other out of the way to get a look at the strange creature who was watching them. A field bumble came back and was annoyed at the gapers blocking her way as she pushed her way in to drop off her shopping.
Other field bumbles had to push their nosy sisters out of the way to get out and buzz around me before flying off. Soon they all decided they didn’t need to worry about me and went back to work inside. It didn’t take long for field bumbles to stop buzzing around me and resume coming and going as if I was just another log on the forest floor.
I was there for almost an hour which is not unusual since I always get “lost” well before any SAR dog team arrives to come find me. Sometimes I get a lot of good reading or berry picking in as well. We plan getting lost in advance to make it more realistic for the dogs. Sometimes I have a radio. Sometimes I flag my route. If I am just getting lost for Sally and Harry we decide where I start from and I get to try and stump the dog. So far he is un-stumpable. That day was just a fun local midweek walk in the woods getting lost for the dog session so I wasn’t far from the trail but I made sure to hide so my scent was pushed down through the woods and away from the trail where they would be starting their search. I know just where that bumble nest was and could find the spot again easily.
Now I have at least two reasons to go visit my old stomping grounds with my camera next summer. I grew up running all over that mountain. When I was young I remember late September and watching the big yellow bumbles so thick on the Canada goldenrod that the flowers were arched over nearly touching the ground. Sometimes it is so cool that the bumbles sleep on the goldenrod plumes as if it is poisioned by the Wicked Witch of the West with her sleepy flower spell.
I should start documenting species. I don’t know if the mossy log bumbles will be there in the spring. I wonder if bumbles reuse nests? Now I can’t wait to go look. I can’t wait for spring so I can look in on my own honeybees and I can’t wait to find out what your next blog post will be about. Why is winter so long?
Cindy
Cindy,
That sounds like so much fun I’m jealous! There is nothing better than just sitting in the woods to see who comes along. A couple of years ago I was looking for bees and couldn’t find any until I tripped over my own feet and landed hard. I was sitting there groaning and waiting for the pain to subside when I discovered a was sitting in a bee community made of dozens of little holes. The bees just kept coming and going, ignoring that I was sitting there like a lawn ornament.
Rusty, thank you so much for this post.
Cindy, thanks for sharing your story. Like Rusty I am jealous of your pastime. It seems like there is never enough time to simply observe nature. While waiting for the spring thaw, I enjoy following all the tracks in the snow here in upstate NY.
I am always amazed at your great pictures. These can be very hard to get. Thank you for your knowledge that you so readily share.
Ken
Thanks, Ken. The photos are fun, but frustrating. The good ones make it worthwhile, though.
Very pretty bees. I live in Michigan, so we probably don’t have them around here, but I will add drumstick allium to the list of plants to have in my garden this year. Thank you!In addition to the restaurants listed, Sierra Vista supports quite a number of Asian restaurants, with an emphasis on Chinese, Japanese, and Korean cuisine.
Note: This information was accurate when it was published, but can change without notice. Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip.Live in Central Park [Revisited] Concert Comes to the Marcus Center
Lee Lessack and Johnny Rodgers recreate that magical night in Wilson Theater at Vogel Hall as part of the MC Presents series..
Chanteur, Lessack’s concert and recording of the Great French Songbook celebrates music by Michel Legrand, Jacques Becaud and Charles Aznavour to name just a few. Another ambitious recording, In GoodCompany. (). Performing Arts Center
Mary Chapin Carpenter, Marc Cohn, And Shawn Colvin Confirm Special “Together In Concert” TourJun 16th, 2021 by Marcus Performing Arts Center
Tickets On-Sale June 25Community Justice Project: community lawyers who collaborate closely with community organizers and grassroots groups in low-income communities of color. Follow @cjpmiami
Miami Dream Defenders: multiracial group of young people who are organizing to build power in our communities to advance a new vision for the state. Follow @miami_dreamdefenders
(F)emPower Miami: queer culture shifters running a bail fund to free people from jail. Follow @fempowermia
Black Lives Matter Broward: alliance of community organizations and individuals aiming to abolish institutional racism, and to democratize and transform oppressive systems primarily via popular mobilizations. Follow @BlackLivesMatterAllianceBroward
Engage Miami: taking down barriers and building bridges to equitable civic leadership through voter registration, civic education, and organizing campaigns on the issues that matter to young people in Miami. Follow @engagemia
ACLU of Greater Miami Chapter: organization working daily to defend the individual rights and personal freedoms of every man, woman and child in this country. Follow @ACLUFL
Catalyst Miami: nonprofit organization identifying and collectively solving issues adversely affecting low-wealth communities throughout Miami-Dade County. Follow @catalystmiami
The New Florida Majority: independent organization working to increase the voting and political power of Florida’s Black and brown communities. Follow @newflmajority
Advancing
Color of Change: the nation’s largest online racial justice organization, Color of Change moves decision-makers in corporations and government to create a more human and less hostile world for Black people in America. Follow @colorofchange
Communities United Against Police Brutality: an all-volunteer organization that works to combat police brutality from many angles, including political and legislative action, education, research, and providing services and support for victims and their families. Follow @cuapb.org
Equal Justice Initiative: an organization committed to ending mass incarceration and excessive punishment in the United States, to challenging social and economic injustice, and to protecting basic human rights for the most vulnerable people in American society. Follow @eji_org
An Essential Reading Guide for Fighting Racism via Buzzfeed
Do the work: an anti-racist reading list via The Guardian
Anti-Racist Reading Recs via Bookshop.org
47 Black-Owned Bookstores Across the Country that You Can Support via Entertainment Weekly
From Hyperallergic: An Essential Watchlist of Groundbreaking Black Documentaries - These films illustrate both the undeniable threat of white supremacist capitalist patriarchy and the incomparable strength of Blackness.
Code switch by NPR
About Race with Reni Eddo-Lodge
Pod for the cause from the Leadership Conference on Civil & Human Rights
Black Lives Matter: Media and Where to Find It
Your Black Friends Are Busy: a growing resource for learning about anti-racism, and supporting the people & organizations doing important work for the Black Lives Matter movement.
Anti-Racist Resource Guide created by Victoria Alexander, MEd
Miami Organizations Doing the Work for Black Justice by Culture Crusaders
Blacklivesmatters.carrd.co/
181 Black-owned businesses across the United States to support
10 Reasons You Should Support Black LivesDhopeshwar Engineering Pvt. Ltd
Hyderabad
Phone
Primary Industry
Business Summary
Dhopeshwar Engineers Process Plants & Equipment for different process industries. Started in 1960, the company has evolved as a reputed supplier for Chemical, Aromatic Oil, and Distilleries & Poultry Processing Sector. It caters to several reputed organiz
Executive Team
Company WebsiteHow can Indian cities embark on a journey of sustainable development? What challenges do local governments face while implementing innovative solutions for urban development? How difficult is it to drive a national mission in a vast country like India? How can cities in India and across the world respond to climate change?
These are fundamental questions for any student of urban development. Kunal Kumar IAS, Joint Secretary, Smart Cities Mission, Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs, discusses the roles, experiences, and challenges for government officials and institutions in an exclusive conversation with Shreya Gadepalli, the South Asia Programme Lead, ITDP.
Drawing from his early experience as the Municipal Commissioner of Pune, Kunal Kumar highlights the importance of democratic participation in the city’s meteoric rise as a haven for sustainable urban growth. Mr. Kumar especially stresses the need for administrators to build coalitions and act as anchors to achieve the grand visions for the city’s development. Most importantly, the effective use of communication in getting people to understand policies and governance measures go a long way towards their successful implementation.
In his current role in the national government, Mr. Kumar believes that strategic assistance—which involves giving freedom and enhancing the adaptive capabilities of cities to experiment—needs to be prioritised for the growth of the urban system as a whole. Moreover, Mr. Kumar also highlights how decentralisation must become a key feature of governance. The lessons from the COVID-19 pandemic confirm this trend. Cities that were flexible and adaptive enough to take decisions were able to effectively contain the spread of the disease.
Lastly, Mr. Kumar argues that for the sustainable growth of cities in the country and across the world, there is an urgent need to leverage data and digital technologies today to enhance decision making. Evidence-based policymaking in a participatory manner must become the norm for policies and planning in the coming years.
Written by Avishek Jha
This video is a part of MOBILIZE Virtual 2020: Building Collective Action for the Next Decade.Font Advice: Legal Writing
I received an inquiry from a reader the other day asking about fonts--a perfect excuse for another a nerd-er-rific post on fonts and typography. He wrote:
Dear Appellate Record:
I continue to enjoy reading your blog. One question: What font do you prefer for your appellate briefs? Do you use a different font for trial court filings?
Signed,
The Fonts of San Francisco
Providing advice on font choice is a grave responsibility for a blogger. Being a font role model is even more daunting. But we here at the Appellate Record will not shirk.
To whom much has been given, much shall be required.
After the jump, the fonts we use and why.
So you want to choose a font.
Congratulations. You have taken the first step.
No longer will you allow software engineers at Microsoft decide what your brief looks like. No longer will you be defaulting to their . . . uhm . . . defaults.
You wouldn't let someone with a pocket protector choose the suit you wear to oral argument. Why would you let them choose how your brief looks?
So now what? How do you choose a font? The answer to that question is a combination of what the court requires, what the court allows, how the font was designed, and only a little bit of personal taste.
Just a couple of weeks ago I encountered a state supreme court that still has a requirement for electronic copies on a 3.5 inch floppy disk in its rules. Similarly backward, there are some courts that actually require briefs in Courier font (*wretch*) or Times New Roman, which is a horrible choice for briefing.
If the court allows you to choose a font so long as you comply with a font size requirement, think about what you are using the font for. For briefs--whether in the trial court or the court of appeals--you are writing with a relatively long line length, more like a book than a newspaper. So choose a font that is designed for books, not a font designed for the narrow columns of a newspaper like Times New Roman.
If you don't believe me believe the Seventh Circuit. Their website guide to briefing says:.
For body text, this usually means I use Book Antiqua or Century Schoolbook. Both are very clear, readable, graceful, and don't call attention to themselves as being quirky. If I have my 'druthers, I like to use Century Schoolbook, but not everyone has that on their machines. So when I collaborate outside the firm, Book Antiqua is a safer choice.
Of course, I use a different font altogether for headings. But that's a post for another day.
Hope that answers the question, and thanks for reading.
Pasta
56 reviews
Lupo Verde
Hydro boston lettuce, pickled mushrooms, red onion, hazelnuts, Parmigiano-Reggiano, balsamic vinaigrette
45 reviews
Cacio e Pepe
Parmeggiano, pecorino, sunny-side egg
12 reviews
Lupo has always been and always will be my favorite restaurant when I’m in the mood for Italian cuisine! The food is delicious, the staff is knowledgeable and very welcoming! Great vibe and beautiful interior design!
Lupo is amazing because it’s consistent. The first time I went years ago was amazing and every time since just the same. The food and service are top notch. A little slice of Italy in dc.
The only thing I would change is the volume on the music, was a little loud at times. Otherwise everything was amazing, and the service was amazing
We had some awesome food! The tuna and artichoke appetizers were so good! I had the short rib and my husband had the whole branzino, both very tasty. The staff was attentive and very friendly. It started getting windy outside and they quickly found us a table inside. I will go back very soon. We live a few blocks away and wish I had tried it sooner!
We ate prior to a show at 9:30 Club . Sal provided great service, and the meal was delish. Lobster pasta special, and spare ribs ravioli.
Food was great, drinks were great, staff are kind and quick. Absolutely 0 complaints to be had.
The bar tender/waiter was amazing, but the host not so much. I made a reservation for 8:15 pm and had to wait 30 minutes, and they were nonchalant about it and brushed us off. We didn't let them ruin our date, but i thought id mention this part of the experience. The bartender/waitress was great, food great. Overall good night.
Amazing service…made my birthday so special. This was already a favorite spot of mine, but the recent visit cemented it as a key go-to!!
I hardly ever write reviews, but Lupo Verde truly deserves one.
I went for brunch with 10 friends for my birthday and the staff was excellent & extremely accommodating. All in our party agreed that the staff contributed to making this day extra special.
The food was excellent, as always.
Ambiance, food, energy and service were really good! Pasta are home made and good portions. Wine and cocktail selection is also quite decent.
The restaurant itself is darling and then staff was very nice, but the food was only so/so and I wound up paying $26 for a steak salad, which had unseasoned steak on a relatively small salad of simple butter leaf lettuce w/ a couple of toppings. I get that lunch in DC will be pricey, but this felt over the top for something that wasn't even very good.
Good food, relatively slow service, inside chairs are not comfortable. Overall had a Ok-good experience, but not great.
Delicious brunch outside on a gorgeous day. Perfection!!
Terrible service, took 40 minutes for cold French toast and a pastry basket with store bought pastries to come out. Didn’t even order an entree.
Good good. Excellent service.
Great service, inviting atmosphere and delicious food. Loved every minute and every bite
The frittata was a block of unseasoned potatoes bound by just a bit of egg and cheese. It was not especially busy, but still took arm-waiving and multiple asks to get water and other beverage refills. I used to love Lupo but won't be going back anytime soon.
Excellent service, Atmosphere and vibe!
Great time with a great waiter. He had great suggestions and was very kind. They didn’t rush us at all and we had a relaxed long dinner
Several times we have come here and never disappoints. This was for anniversary and had cocktails, wine, two appetizers (Octopus and Artichoke) and Taggliette with Sausage and Osobucco. The Tiramisu at the end (compliments) was also outstanding. Another freest night.
Excellent homemade pasta with creamy sauces. Outdoor patio. Great for lunch of dinner get togethers. Caring staff and chefs.
The food was delicious and the restaurant is adorable! The one thing we didn’t love was how close we were seated next to other patrons. Tables were uncomfortably close together, but otherwise no complaints.
Such a great dinner experience. Great waitstaff. Quick - Have never had my food come out so fast! Thought portions would have been slightly bigger, that’s only downside.
Great new menu. This food was terrific . The service was prompt and attentive. Very friendly and welcoming.
the food and quality are wonderful. one of my favorite places for lunch or dinner.
Great food and incredible service!!! Ambiance is incredible. Great location
Went here for date night with my girlfriend. The food was amazing, very fresh and homemade tasting, and the ambiance was perfect for the occasion (dim lighting and eclectic decor). Apparently their menu has changed so it looks like they make effort to keep things interesting.
Pasta was good but not worth the price, there are better Italian restaurants for a better price in the area .
A little overpriced for the food (and the carpaccio definitely made me queasy), but a very nice atmosphere
Food was good took a little long to arrive at the table. Servers were very nice and friendly.
Service was not good and the food was extremely salty. I wanted to send it back but the waiter never came back
great food and service! The wine, apps and entrees were all amazing
The octopus was delicious. Also had the vegetarian risotto and the Buratta. The service was great too. We will return.
This place doesn’t miss
Great all around.
Our waitress Diana was wonderful!!! The food was good and the drinks were tasty! Will definitely go back!
Underrated brunch! Pancakes are fantastic
The “hand-made pasta” was a disappointment- it just tasted like generic pasta at any other restaurant. The drinks were forgotten and when they came the ice was melted. And the desert was just ok. The outdoor patio was super cute.
Wonderful ambience and incredible pasta. Great wine too!
Fantastic quality products. Nicely prepared meals. Drink was a bit skimpy, but enhanced after a comment to our server.78 OpenTable diners.
Yes, you can generally book this restaurant by choosing the date, time and party size on OpenTable. Due to local restrictions, this restaurant may not be accepting reservations at the moment.? The Takin' It Home CD, first introduced as part of the VBS 2014 resources, and is designed to connect parents to the daily activities and Biblical content of VBS. Each family is given a copy ... Continue Reading
It's Time to Report Your VBS
V
- «Previous Page
- 1
- 2
- 3
- 4
- …
- 8
- Next Page».
By sarah.haigh.1987
Good quality
Apr. 21, 2021
Bought to wear as a bridesmaid in October, really nice quality . I bought a size too big because I suspected it may be on the small size so it needs taking in and also up. However I'm really pleased with it overall.
Arrived well packaged in 8 days from China.
See More
Was This Review Helpful?
By shopgirl85
Perfect dress
Oct. 26, 2021
Gorgeous dress, well made, great materials and easy to wear. Slightly self conscious about the built in cups but dress can be worn with a strapless bra for those who need it. Easy flow of the skirt.
See More
Was This Review Helpful?
By w***i
perfect dress
Jul. 1, 2021
The dress fits perfect, a little long but with high heels fits good.
See More
Was This Review Helpful?
By piperloft
Did not fit
Oct. 16, 2021
Dress did not fit
See More
Was This Review Helpful?
By damlakaradayi49
Zur Groß
Sep. 23, 2021
Ist zur Groß
See More
Was This Review Helpful?
By renae
Great dress
Mar. 22, 2021
Gorgeous dress! Shipping is a little misleading but worth it.
See More
Was This Review Helpful?
5% OFF
For New Users
GET
5% OFF
On your first order by register for email.
By creating an account, you agree to Terms and Conditions and Privacy Notice of JJ's House.Pink's Official Top 20 biggest songs revealed
Pink's version of Lady Marmalade has sold 584,000 copies and racked up 11.3 million streams since we began counting in 2014, to finish as her third biggest song overall. Just Like A Pill
See Pink's New Video 'Walk Me Home' - Rolling Stone
Pink walks down an improbably barren New York City street and sings about being independent in the video for "Walk Me Home," a song that will appe her upcoming album, Hurts 2B Human, due ...
The Top Five Uses of Pink Songs in Movies or TV
2020/04/05 · Boy where to start with her. She's awesome, to put it simply, and she's got her own style, obviously. Pink has got her own fair share of detractors but The song is great, the movie is great, but ...
Pink discography - Wikipedia
Pink has sold over 42 million albums and 75 million singles worldwide. [1] [2] In the United States, she has sold over 16 million albums. [3] In 2017, the singer released her seventh album Beautiful Trauma , which topped the charts in Australia, Austria, Canada, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and the United States.
P!nk - Love Me Anyway (Audio) ft. Chris Stapleton - YouTube
Get The New Album 'Hurts 2B Human' ft. "Walk Me Home", "Can We Pretend" & "Hurts 2B Human" Available Now! -http ...
P!NK | Official Website - Pink
P!NK Official Website - Beautiful Trauma Available Now. Join for updates on P!NK. Email Address
P!nk - Hurt 2B Human
Hurts 2B Human - Feat. Hurts 2B Human
Pink Debuts New Song 'Cover Me In Sunshine' with Daughter
Pink Debuts New Song 'Cover Me In Sunshine' with Daughter Willow - Read the Lyrics & Listen Now! Pink 's daughter Willow is making her musical debut! The 41-year-old entertainer and her 9-year-old...
Watch Pink and her daughter's new music video for their
Pink and her 9-year-old daughter, Willow Sage Hart, are teaming up to chase away the doldrums of quarantine with their adorable new song, "Cover Me In Sunshine." Ahead of the song's music video premiere on Friday, the "Try" singer spoke directly to her fans about what inspired her to whip up a song out of the blue.
P!nk - Hurts 2B Human ft. Khalid - YouTube
Get The New Album ‘Hurts 2B Human’ ft. “Walk Me Home”, “Can We Pretend” & “Hurts 2B Human” Available Now! -http ...
Pink Debuts New 'Ellen' Theme Song Ahead of Season 13
2015/08/12 · Pink records the new theme song for "The Ellen DeGeneres Show." P!nk is coming to daytime TV -- in the form of a new theme song for The Ellen …
BLACKPINK Lyrics, Songs, and Albums | Genius
BLACKPINK officially debuted on August 8, 2016, releasing a two-track project titled Square One, featuring “BOOMBAYAH” and “Whistle.”. The singles charted at #1 and #2 on Billboard ’s ...
Pink Releases Adorable New Music Video For Duet With
Pink has teamed up with her daughter Willow for an adorable duet, "Cover Me In Sunshine". The musician and her nine-year-old daughter released the track Thursday before unveiling the music ...
Pink's New Song Just Like Fire for Alice Through the
What is the new Pink song?
Pink gets personal in new music video starring husband
Pink releases a new music video for "90 Days," the latest single from her album "Hurts 2B Human," and shines a spotlight on the toll touring can take.
The Best of Pink Songs - Pink Greatest Hits (Full Album
2018/07/21 · The Best of Pink Songs - Pink Greatest Hits (Full Album) for watching! Don't forget to SUBCRIBE, Like & Share my video if ...
Wild Pink Share New Song: Listen
Feb 16, 2021 · New Music February 16, 2021 12:55 PM By Ryan Leas For the past several months, John Ross has been building up to the release of his new album as Wild Pink, A Billion Little Lights .
Keith Urban & P!nk – One Too Many - Genius | Song Lyrics
Sep 16, 2020 · Speaking to Billboard in September 2020, Urban revealed how the duet with P!nk came to be:. My co-executive producer Dan McCarroll sent the song to me, and I loved it a hundred percent top to ...
Pink's New Song "You and Me" & 4 Other Reasons Why Her
2014/09/09 · The song itself was a bit of a departure for Pink, but with the news of her new "baby," it seems to have been the perfect lead in to what fans can expect from her next.
The Truth About Love (Pink album) - Wikipedia
Pink wrote every song on the album with the exception of "Try", [19] which was written by Michael Busbee and Ben West, and was originally recorded in 2010 by their former band GoNorthToGoSouth. [23] They later pitched "Try" to Rani Hancock, an A&R executive of RCA Records , hoping to give the song to Kelly Clarkson or Daughtry .
P!NK
ソニーミュージックによるP!NK公式サイト。P!NKの最新ニュースやリリース情報、ビデオ、ライブ・イベント出演情報、メディア情報などを掲載。 ディスコグラフィ ビデオ ニュース ライブ / イベント メディア リンク プロフィール
The 20 Best Pink Songs (Updated 2017) | Billboard | Billboard
2017/10/12 · Hereâ€ s a list of the top 20 best Pink songs to date. 18. “Trouble” (2003) As far as albums go, P!nk’s Try This has the sore distinction of having the fewest Hot 100 hits (two, both of ...
Keith Urban, Pink's New Duet 'One Too Many': Listen - Rolling
Sep 16, 2020 · Pink is becoming a ubiquitous presence in country music. In 2016 she joined Kenny Chesney for “Settin’ the World on Fire,” enlisted Chris Stapleton for her own song “Love You Anyway” in 2019, and...
Keith Urban, Pink's New Duet 'One Too Many': Listen
2020/09/16 · The funky mid-tempo ballad is the latest track released from Urban’s upcoming album The Speed of Now Part 1. It finds Urban and Pink trading verses about lost nights in a bar and the inevitable...
Monica, Jordin Sparks And Others Join Forces For New Song For
Oct 21, 2020 · Five musical superstars have joined forces in the fight against breast cancer, releasing a new song, “PINK,” to support Susan G. Komen®, the world’s leading breast cancer organization.
Download P!nk MP3 Songs and Albums | music downloads
1979/09/08 · Another big song from Pink was Feel Good Time, featured on the soundtrack to Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle, where. Pink also played a bit part. Pink also played a bit part. Pink’s third album, Try This, was released in November 2003.
Pink Debuts New Song ‘Cover Me In Sunshine’ with Daughter
Feb 12, 2021 · Pink Debuts New Song 'Cover Me In Sunshine' with Daughter Willow - Read the Lyrics & Listen Now! Pink ‘s daughter Willow is making her musical debut! The 41-year-old entertainer and her 9-year-old...
Pink Lyrics
Pink lyrics - 147 song lyrics sorted by album, including "Just Give Me A Reason", "Beautiful Trauma", "Try". (from "Alice Through The Looking Glass" soundtrack)
P!nk Song Lyrics | MetroLyrics
View P!nk song lyrics by popularity along with songs featured in, albums, videos and song meanings. We have 13 albums and 172 song lyrics in our database. View All Latest News HOT SONG: 21 Savage x Metro Boomin - "My
Pink ♫ ♬ Download Songs & Albums Online ♫ ♬ MP3 Music
Pink also recorded song along with other females artists including Annie Lennox’s “Songs of Mass Destruction” album. Then in Decembet 2007 Pink Box special edition was released in Australia and was certified Gold. In October
ACM Awards 2020: Keith Urban, Pink Perform New Song ‘One Too
Sep 16, 2020 · Keith Urban and Pink wowed viewers of the 2020 Academy of Country Music Awards with a performance of their new collaboration, “One Too Many.” All of the Biggest 2020 Album Releases Read article
Listen to Keith Urban’s new single ‘One Too Many’ featuring Pink
2020/09/17 · Keith Urban has paired up with Pink on his latest single, ‘One Too Many.’ The new song, released today (September 17), has been lifted from Urban’s upcoming album ‘THE SPEED OF …
Blackpink - Wikipedia
).
Listen to Keith Urban's new single 'One Too Many
Keith Urban has paired up with Pink on his latest single, 'One Too Many.' The new song, released today (September 17), has been lifted from Urban's upcoming album 'THE SPEED OF NOW Part 1.'
Pink's latest album gets another chance | Reuters
2007/03/24 · NEW YORK (Billboard) - Pink's previous album was, by her standards, a flop in the United States. Pink's latest album gets another chance | Reuters Discover Thomson Reuters
Download Latest MP3 Songs Online: Play Old & New MP3
Gaana.com- Listen & Download latest MP3 songs online. Download new or old Hindi songs, Bollywood songs, English songs* & more on Gaana+ and play offline. Create, share …
Pink Announces New Song With 9-Year-Old Daughter, 'Cover
February 11, 2021 Pinkand her daughter, Willow Sage Hart, are releasing a new song together! On Wednesday (February 10), the pop star, 41, announced that she and the 9-year-old will be putting out a sweet new song just in time for Valentine's Day, titled "Cover Me in Sunshine."
Pink Releases Adorable New Music Video For Duet With Daughter
Feb 12, 2021 · Pink has teamed up with her daughter Willow for an adorable duet, “Cover Me In Sunshine”. The musician and her nine-year-old daughter released the track Thursday before unveiling the music ...
Home - P!NK
2019/04/26 · The Last Song Of Your Life P!NK is currently in the US on her critically acclaimed and highly successful Beautiful Trauma World Tour. The tour has already sold 3 million tickets worldwide and over 1 million tickets in North America alone.
P!nk - Just Like Fire (From the Original Motion Picture "Alice
2016/05/09 · P!nk's "Just Like Fire" from the Walt Disney Studios film Alice Through The Looking Glass out now! iTunes: Stream on ...
More Stories
- metal crusher latest
- song ya qamar mi mi mayada
- hammer crushing latest
- latest stone grinding mills
- hindustan mill kamgar latest house allotted list
- calcium silicide crushing machine supplies
- river river gravel sand making equipment
- finger crusher machine south africa
- rock crushers antique
- zirconite grinding crusher
- crusher plants suppliers ethiopia
- inho de panela t ball mill gold ore hammer manufacturer in germany
- Ore Minerals Of Sudan Grinding Mill China
- coal mill semen indstri
- how to calculate m of concrete for m m m
- harga mill powder grade
- golia flour mill 100 hp use
- mets cone crusher gp 1180
- stone crusher into powder mill
- c jaw crusher repair manualMud Pie
Mud Pie Snow Good Pants Set
$ 20.00 $ 32.00
( / )Unavailable
Please select all options.
Mud Pie Snow Good Pants Set is playful holiday set for your little one. The 2-piece set comes with Christmas tree print terry pants and a graphic cotton "UP TO SNOW GOOD" top with buffalo check accent. Someone's gonna be looking good this holiday season!
- 2-piece holiday themed pants and top set
- Size: 0-6 months
- Graphic Christmas tree detail and fun "UP TO SNOW GOOD" sentimentThinking about buying a mattress online?
You've come to the right place.
In this 5-minute comparison we'll compare four super-popular and highly-rated online foam mattresses: Leesa, Casper, Tuft & Needle and Saatva Classic.
What's In This Review
Table of Contents
- What's In This Review
- Our Take
- Mattress Construction
- Comfort and Firmness
- Sleeping Experience
- Warranty and Returns
- Shipping and Delivery
- Price
- Latest Coupons & Discounts
- Leesa is the Best Mattress For You If…
- Casper is the Best Mattress For You If…
- Tuft & Needle is the Best Mattress For You If…
- Saatva Classic is the Best Mattress For You If…
- Compare the Specs: Leesa vs Casper vs Tuft & Needle vs Saatva Classic
- More Leesa Mattress Comparisons on This Site:
- More Casper Mattress Comparisons on This Site:
We'll review the Leesa Original Foam, Casper Original Foam, Tuft & Needle and Saatva mattresses and compare them on the most important factors for most people, including (click to jump to that section):
- Mattress Construction
- Comfort and Firmness
- Sleeping Experience
- Warranty and Returns
- Shipping and Delivery Options
- Price
- Coupons
If you want to dive-in and learn more about one of these mattresses, then check out my 10-minute Mattress Reviews.
Our Take
If you don't have 5 minutes to read everything on this page, then here's my quick take on these four popular mattresses:
Click a link to learn more.
Mattress Construction
The Casper Original, Leesa Original and Tuft & Needle are all low-priced 100% foam mattresses that differ in terms of the foams they use, the number of layers and the technology they use to keep their mattresses cool at night.
Saatva is the outlier, with a hybrid coil + foam + innerspring construction.
Leesa Construction
The Leesa Original foam mattress consists of three layers that add up to a thickness of 10 inches.
At the top is a comfort layer of 2 inches of LSA200 foam. This is a special type of foam that borrows the best properties from memory and latex foam. It helps with pressure relief as well as support and cooling. The bottom side is designed to let air flow through the mattress, to keep you cool at night.
The second support layer is 2 inches of memory foam. This layer supports and contours to your body, eliminating pressure points around your shoulders, lower back and hips.
The bottom foundation layer is 6 inches of high-density polyurethane foam. It provides compression support and ensures the mattress lasts long.
Casper Original Construction
The Casper Original mattress is 11 inches thick and has three foam layers.
The topmost comfort layer is responsive open-cell poly foam that Casper calls Airscape foam. It makes the mattress feel slightly bouncy. The open-cell design keeps the surface of the mattress cool and dry.
A second support and contouring layer of zoned memory foam provides targeted support for your shoulders and support for your back and hips.
For their foundation layer, Casper uses high-density foam that keeps the mattress from sagging and ensures longevity.
When comparing Leesa vs. Casper, the two mattresses have a very similar design with three layers apiece.
Tuft & Needle Construction
Tuft & Needle mattress stands out for its ultra-simple 2-layer construction.
The top 3-inch layer uses a special type of poly foam they call T&N Adaptive Foam. It gives support and comfort as well as cooling, pressure relief, and motion control.
For cooling, the foam is infused with gel and graphite that help conduct heat away from the mattress.
The foundation layer is 7 inches of high-density polyurethane foam. It provides overall stability to the mattress and boosts compression support for heavier sleepers.
Saatva Classic Construction
The Saatva mattress has a more expensive design than the other three.
The Euro pillow top provides a lush feeling when you lie on the mattress.
It is followed by a thin 1-inch comfort layer of memory foam and polyfoam, which helps with contouring and pressure relief.
The third support layer is 4 inches of pocketed coils. Each coil is encased in foam, which further reduces motion transfer, improves contouring and maintains a cooling air flow.
The foundation layer is 7-inches of tempered steel coils that provides rock-solid support and durability to the mattress. It’s no wonder the Saatva mattress offers the longest warranty among these four mattresses.
In addition to these four layers, the Saatva mattress also uses a dedicated edge support system, keeping couples in their bed all night.
Comfort and Firmness
Again, Saatva is the exception in this group: they offer three levels of comfort/firmness to choose from.
The other three are all medium-firm only, although they do feel slightly different in the real world.
Leesa Firmness
Leesa is a medium firm foam mattress. It is soft enough to be comfortable and firm enough to be supportive. I’d rate it at around 5-6 out of 10, on a scale of increasing firmness.
Like most Latex mattresses, the Leesa feels a bit firm when you lie on it, but it quickly softens to become more comfortable.
The initial firmness is because of the top LSA200 foam layer, which is closer to latex foam than memory foam.
By the second night, however, the softer memory foam layer underneath becomes more apparent.
Casper Firmness
Casper is also a medium firm mattress that I’d rate at around 5-6 out of 10.
The top poly foam layer feels firm and bouncy, but it's definitely not a latex feel.
Both Casper and Leesa are rated medium-firm and have a firm initial feeling that gives way to a softer memory foam feeling after a few minutes of resting. Just like Leesa, Casper's memory foam layer adapts to your body weight and physique.
To know more, check out our in-depth Casper wave review, Casper hybrid mattress review, and Casper essential mattress review.
Tuft & Needle Firmness
It was a gamble for Tuft & Needle to design a mattress with just two layers. The top layer has to do all the work of support, comfort, contouring, and cooling.
But they pulled it off.
The Tuft & Needle mattress feels firm and supportive, yet plush and fairly luxurious.
It is sold as a medium firm mattress, although it is slightly softer than Casper and Leesa.
Saatva Firmness
Unlike the other three mattresses above, the Saatva mattress is available in three comfort levels.
The Saatva Plush Soft is the softest. It’s perfect for those who love sinking into their mattress. With a firmness rating of around 3/10, the Plush Soft is soft, too soft for many people’s tastes. So only go for it if you love the deep hug of an extra ‘sinky’ mattress.
The Saatva Luxury Firm is a medium firm. It’s the best for a majority of sleepers. It doesn’t sink in as much as the Plush Soft, but there is still a plush feeling thanks to the Euro pillow top and the memory foam layer. It’s also firm enough to hold up your back.
The Saatva Firm is the extreme opposite of the Plush Soft. It scores a 7-8 out of 10 in firmness. It’s perfect for stomach sleepers, heavier-bodied people and those who prefer floating on their mattress.
Sleeping Experience
This is what really matters to most people.
Keep in mind that Tuft & Needle, Casper and Leesa are not luxury mattresses. You will not experience the same plush feeling you'll get from a more expensive mattress like the Saatva or the new Casper Wave, which we haven't reviewed yet.
Leesa Sleeping Experience
The LSA200 foam that Leesa uses in its top layer feels a lot like latex foam. It is firm, bouncy and sleeps nicely cool.
You may think it's a bit too firm on the first night, but it will get softer by the second or third night.
The memory foam layer underneath adds soft comfort, creating a nice hug especially when you sleep on your side.
For couples sharing a bed, the Leesa mattress produces less disturbance (motion transfer) at night than the other two foam mattresses, Tuft and Needle and Casper. You can turn and toss all night without waking your partner.
Casper Sleeping Experience
Although Casper vs. Leesa are quite similar when it comes to comfort and firmness, I personally prefer the feel of the Leesa.
The Casper mattress feels like a traditional memory foam mattress which is to say, less bouncy than Leesa. The poly foam used in the top layer is not as responsive as LSA200 foam.
As with the Leesa, there may be some initial firmness on your first use, but it passes quickly. By the second night, you should feel the memory foam layer contouring your body.
The Casper mattress sleeps surprisingly cool for an all-foam mattress and stays fresh thanks to the open-cell foam used in the top layer. Additionally, it has low motion transfer.
But Casper is very comfortable and supportive, the two areas that matter most.
Tuft & Needle Sleeping Experience
Tuft & Needle is rated as a medium firm mattress like Leesa and Casper, but it feels softer than the other two.
It has a deeper hug hence better at pressure relief. This makes it ideal for those who with back or joint problems.
Another difference vs. Casper and Leesa is that Tuft & Needle feels soft and comfortable on the first night.
Although the construction says it should not, temperature control does not seem to be an issue at night, probably due to the graphite and gel used in the foam. The Tuft & Needle mattress sleeps cool and fresh throughout the night.
Saatva Sleeping Experience
Saatva is definitely the luxury mattress in this lineup. It provides a luxurious sleeping experience, for nearly the same price.
All Saatva mattresses include the Euro Pillowtop, so they all have that welcoming hug your muscles need after a long day. Together, the pillow top and memory foam do a great job of relieving pressure on your joints, shoulders and lower back.
Whenever you turn or toss, the Saatva feels like the entire mattress moves with you and supports you. This is probably due to the pocketed coil layer. Individual coils contour around the body, adapting to your body shape, size and weight.
Your sleeping experience, though, will depend on which comfort level you pick.
Although I haven't slept on it, I've heard from several people who have that the Plush Soft is like sleeping in a bale of cotton, it's that soft.
The Luxury Firm balances between soft and firm, and the Firm feels more like floating on top of the mattress – definitely better for people with back issues.
Like most innerspring mattresses, the Saatva sleeps pleasantly cool. Its pocketed coil layer and coil foundation keep air flowing in and out of the mattress.
Another benefit of the pocketed coils is that they insulates you from your partner's movement. So you don’t have to bother about disturbing your partner every time you wake up to use the bathroom.
Warranty and Returns
One very important thing to note about all of these mattresses is that return and warranty policies apply only if you buy on their official website.
If you buy from a wholesaler or on Ebay or Amazon, you may be subject to a completely different return period (usually 30 days).
Leesa Warranty and Return Policies
Once you buy a Leesa mattress, you have 100 days to try it and decide whether you want to keep it.
If it doesn’t feel right for you, contact customer support and they’ll arrange how it will get to a local charity or recycling center.
But you must sleep on the mattress for a minimum of 30 nights before you initiate a return. This gives your body time to acclimate to the new mattress.
If you decide to keep the mattress, it will be covered by a standard 10-year non-prorated warranty.
Learn more about Leesa's warranty and return policies on their website.
Casper Warranty and Return Policies
Casper also allows customers to test the mattress in their home for 100 nights with a recommendation to sleep on it for at least 30 nights before making a return.
If it feels too firm, too soft or just not right for you, making a return is easy. The mattress will be recycled or donated to a local charity depending on your location.
Casper provides a 10-year non-prorated warranty for the original purchaser of the mattress, starting from the time it is delivered. The warranty covers material and manufacturing defects only. It is non-prorated meaning Casper will cover all costs of replacement or repair throughout the warranty period. They are also responsible for shipping the mattress to their location. But you will need to cover shipping costs for the new / repaired mattress.
Learn more about Casper's warranty and return policies on their website.
Tuft & Needle Warranty and Return Policies
Tuft & Needle has a 100-night trial period.
To return a mattress, contact customer support and they will arrange for it to be picked up and carried to a charity or recycling center. You will get a full refund, including the shipping fee initially paid (customers from Hawaii and Alaska do not get a shipping fee refund).
The warranty is a standard ten years, is non-prorated and covers material and workmanship issues that arise during the coverage period. Natural wear and tear are not covered.
Learn more about Tuft & Needle's warranty and return policies on their website.
Saatva Warranty and Return Policies
Saatva exceeds the other three mattresses in trial period and in warranty.
Their trial period is 120 days from the day of delivery. If you don’t like your mattress, you can make a return as long as you are still within the 4-month period.
You have two options when you make a return; either get a full refund minus shipping fee, or exchange the mattress for a new mattress of a different comfort level or size.
Saatva's warranty is 15 years long and comes in two flavors, full or prorated.
The first option, Saatva's “full” warranty covers all repair or replacement costs. During the first three years, they cover shipping costs. For the remaining 12 years, the customer pays for shipping to and from their facility.
In the second option, “prorated”, you’ll pay a certain percentage of the original price of the mattress depending on how long you’ve had it. The upside is that you'll get to keep your old mattress when Saatva delivers a new one.
Learn more about Saatva's warranty and return policies on their website.
Shipping and Delivery
Leesa Shipping and Delivery
Leesa offers free shipping to all 50 states including Alaska and Hawaii.
Delivery takes around 4 to 10 days, because each mattress is manufactured on order. Once it ships, you’ll be able to track it and prepare for delivery.
Leesa does not offer setup services. The mattress will be delivered in a box to your front door. It’s up to you to take it inside and set it up. They will also not take away your old mattress.
If you want any special delivery arrangements, contact UPS after your mattress has shipped.
In addition to the United States, Leesa also ships to Canada, UK, and Germany.
Casper Shipping and Delivery
Casper offers shipping to all 50 states including Alaska and Hawaii. But shipping charges apply for deliveries to Alaska and Hawaii.
Like Leesa, each Casper mattress is made to order, so delivery takes some time – between 2 and seven days.
But in some cities, Casper offers same-day white glove delivery. That means they will deliver the mattress and set it up for you. Check their official website for qualifying cities.
In most locations, the mattress will be delivered via UPS without any special delivery or setup services.
If you have any special delivery requirements, you'll need to make arrangements directly with UPS.
Tuft & Needle Shipping and Delivery
Tuft & Needle ships to the US and Canada free of charge. The only exception is Alaska and Hawaii, where the shipping fee is between $120 and $150.
Delivery takes between 2 and 4 days but can be longer for customers in some locations. When checking out, you will be given an estimated delivery date.
Note that Tuft & Needle does not offer special delivery services. So get ready to set up the mattress yourself. It’s a good idea to have someone around to help you lift it inside and unbox it.
If you want to make special delivery arrangements, contact FedEx Ground after your mattress has shipped.
Saatva Shipping and Delivery
Saatva is a fairly heavy innerspring mattress that doesn't neatly compress into a small cardboard box.
For this reason, Saatva charges $99 for delivery to customers in the United States – but this includes white glove delivery & setup service.
Saatva will deliver the mattress in 7-15 days; then, they move it into your house and set it up for you. This is especially beneficial for those living alone and people with no one close by to help them set up the mattress.
You can also have the delivery guys take away your old mattress, at no extra cost.
Price
OK, so this is the best part: all of these mattresses cost less than $1,100 for a Queen.
Most companies offer financing to spread your payments out over time, too.
Here are the latest discounted prices for each mattress:
Financing Options (subject to approval)
Leesa: For US customers, Leesa offers the option of easy monthly payments through Affirm. Check their website to see if you qualify.
Casper: Casper also provides an easy financing option through Affirm. Check their website to see if you qualify.
Tuft & Needle: Tuft & Needle offers financing through Affirm. Check their website to see if you qualify.
Saatva offers financing through Klarna. Check their website to see if you qualify.
Latest Coupons & Discounts
SAVE NOW ON CASPER MATTRESS
Save $300 Now on Saatva (click to claim)
Always check the manufacturer's website for the latest discounts and bonus products before buying.
Leesa is the Best Mattress For You If…
You want a foam mattress that is a bit more supportive and bouncy.
Leesa is a great option if you love the feeling of a latex mattress but don’t want to sleep on latex because of an allergy or personal preference.
Casper is the Best Mattress For You If…
You want a high quality, affordable mattress with good support, pressure relief and one that sleeps cool.
For heavier-bodied folks who need extra compression support, Casper is probably a better choice than Leesa and Tuft and Needle – but Saatva would be my top pick for them.
Tuft & Needle is the Best Mattress For You If…
You want to spend the least amount of money without skimping too much on quality or sleep experience.
While this is not our favorite of the group, the Tuft & Needle mattress is well designed and has received tons of positive mattress reviews from verified customers and other mattress reviewers / experts.
Saatva Classic is the Best Mattress For You If…
You want a luxury innerspring + coil + foam mattress at a FAR lower price than what a store would charge you.
We're not shy about how much we love this mattress.
Saatva Classic provides a truly luxurious sleeping experience for less than $1,000. Try getting that anywhere else…
The Saatva Classic is also my top pick for heavier sleepers or anyone who prefers a more durable and supportive coil/spring mattress.
Saatva's warranty is the best of the bunch, too.
Compare the Specs: Leesa vs Casper vs Tuft & Needle vs Saatva Classic
More Casper Mattress Comparisons on This Site:
- Tuft and Needle vs Casper
- Helix vs Casper
- Nectar vs Casper
- Casper vs Purple
- Leesa vs Casper
- “Leesa vs Casper vs Tuft & Needle vs Saatva Classic: Which One Is The Best?”
T&N now offers Affirm 🙂
Thanks for the tip! Updated above.Google SEO Services Quality and Guidelines Policy
Introductions of Google SEO Services Quality and Guidelines Policy. Due to hard compitiation in SEO Industry we must follow Google SEO Services policy. Without Google SEO Policy no any result we can get. The aim of article about Google SEO Services Quality and Guidelines Policy to make awareness in present changes. In this article, we’ll clear about Google SEO Services Quality and Guidelines Policy.
Google SEO Services Quality and Guidelines Policy
First of all we must know that Google is one of the top raked website in the internet. We all must follow Google Policy for everything to gain proper result on Internt. Because, Google in in power to block your website due to valation. However, I’ll introduse you Google SEO Services Quality and Guidelines Policy. Finnaly if you want proper business result then must follow quality and guidelines policy of Google SEO Services.
What’s Google SEO Quality and Guidelines Policy?
Google have very clear policy for Google SEO services. We can go in details for Google’s SEO services guidelines policy. Because search engines say about Google seo services very seriously. However, as a white hat Google’s SEO practitioner, I researched on search engines say about Google SEO services hard and very seriously policy. In case Yahoo, Bing or Google declares a particular link building or onsite optimization tactic black hat, then your website will block. The Blogger Info never want to run a client’s website afoul of the search engine Google SEO quality guidelines.
The Google’s Webmaster Guidelines are great resource for a blog or website owners. For those getting into Google SEO because it clearly outlines what’re and what isn’t acceptable Google’s SEO according to Google. So, recently I noticed that Google added seven specific quality guidelines for Google SEO Services. In addition to the basic Google SEO principles, to help steer site owners down to the right path. Here’s an overview of those Google SEO Quality and Guidelines Policyguidelines.
Dont use Keywords Anchor Tex Against Google SEO Guidelines
In the past days, creating keyword rich anchor text used and considered an effective strategy. As long as keyword rich anchor text were on relevant blogs and websites. However, those days are long gone and Google’s SEO Policy changed. Now, when you”ll any keyword rich anchor text that you create on your own going against Google SEO guidelines. Any anchor text that you create should be either branded and natural. Otherwise, you’ll run the risk of getting a manual link penalty and warning from Google.
Create Links on Your Own Should be NO Follow According to Google SEO
Should No Follow any link that you create on your own website. The main reason for this’s that you’re telling Google that the link which created to generate traffic. But not to artificially boost search engine results of your website. This also includes things such as guest blog posts, press releases, links generated through business relationships.
Avoid Hidden Links or Hidden Text
Furthermore, This’s black hat tactic of a very old school. But some blog and website owners don’t realize that they’re guilty of it. Also, Check out the color scheme of your blog and website. Is the font color distinct enough from the background such as black on white vs. light gray on white. That it’s obvious where the heden text is? Trying to hide links by matching the font color and text to the background color used. That is a way site owners would stuff their pages with relevant keywords and links to trick the search engines. But also keep visitors to the blog or website from noticing.
Dont Send Automated Querries and Messages to Google
Google not like that you send automated messages. Google Bugging with automated messages about how long it’s going to take until your blog or website indexed. Also updates are taken into effect isn’t going to make it faster. If you’ve a question about Google SEO quality guidelines. It’s best to look some articles on Google Webmaster forums for an answer.
Dont Load Web pages with Irreleveant Keywprds
Also, upload relavant keywords because it doesn’t matter how many searches a keyword has in a month. However if it doesn’t accurately reflect the web content on your web page. You can tell Google that your site is about banana, but it content focuses on apples. You’ll never do well for banana related searches. Secondly, stuffing your website with apples-related keywords isn’t a better alternative. You want to keep the flow of your web content natural for your all readers.
Dont Create Duplicate Content and Subdomaians
Also, Google recognizes that a blog or a website might have two versions on the same page. I means web version and printer friendly version, and this duplicate web content is actually meant to make for a better user-experience. Don’t trick the search engines. However, you must know that according to Google SEO Policy, site owners should be wary of duplicate content. That’s deliberately duplicate across the all domains in an attempt to manipulate search engine rankings and get ranking traffic. However, deceptive practices such this can result in a poor user experience. When a reader sees substantially the same content repeated within a set of search results og Google.
Dont Create Pages without Content
Don’t try to create some pahes without content on your website. Google not allow that somoene create pahes without content. That typically counting large sets of poor quality pages where each page is optimized for a specific phrase or keyword. However, in many cases, doorway pages are written to rank for a particular phrase. Then funnel users to a single destination so that are designed to manipulate search engines. Also, never try to play both the end user and the search engines. A good user-experience is also a good Google SEO.
Furthermore, If your blog or website participates in an affiliate program. Must make sure that your website adds value. Provide also unique and relevant content that gives users a reason why to visit your website first.
As Google SEO says,
However, as Google SEO says, that there’s no problem in being an affiliate as long as you can create some added value for your users. Also produce a valuable web content that gives a user a reason to why visit your site. The Website owners always should want to create engaging content and unique content. That also readers going to find useful and your SEO campaign essentially rests on the quality of your web content. Your online brand also depends on your website’s content to target the right audience. Finnaly, build consumer confidence and enjoy google SEO Services for free.
In Conclussion
Thanks for reading article about Google SEO Services Quality and Guidelines Policy. Follow us on Social Media so you get more updates in future. We’ve many article about Google SEO on the web.RobRoyce Posted October 22, 2018 Share Posted October 22, 2018 (edited) This is my first AppleScript workflow, I've spent almost two days trying to figure out what I'm doing wrong. Basically the alfred command is "text [name] [message] and it will send a message to the number associated with [name]. So far, I haven't incorporated Contacts into it, so the friend names are hard coded (friend1, friend2, etc changed in the code below for privacy). It works so far as basic functionality goes, but it's doing this really weird thing and I don't understand why. Basically, the punctuation marks (!@#%&*(),.?/"') are completely removed from the message, but ($ and ^) are fine for some reason. I tried escaping the characters with \, /, " ", and ' ', but none of those work. Can anyone point me in the right direction? on alfred_script(q) --Save original applescript delimiter set saveTID to text item delimiters --Set new delimiter set text item delimiters to " " set buddyNumber to "+0" --Get name set buddyName to first word of q as text --Get message set buddyMessage to words 2 thru end in q as text log "name: " & buddyName log "message: " & buddyMessage if (buddyName) is "friend1" then set buddyNumber to "+18880009999" else if (buddyName) is "friend2" then set buddyNumber to "+19998880000" else if (buddyName) is "friend3" then set buddyNumber to "+10009998888" end if log "number: " & buddyNumber tell application "Messages" set targetBuddy to buddyNumber set targetService to id of first service whose service type = iMessage set textMessage to buddyMessage set theBuddy to buddy targetBuddy of service id targetService send textMessage to theBuddy end tell --Reset delimiter set text item delimiters to saveTID end alfred_script Edit: I'm an idiot for not reading the post instructions on the sticky. Here's the workflow, but you'll need to replace the fake numbers with ones that actually work (I use my own number for testing). Also, you need to have an active conversation in iMessages with the person you are trying to text, else it will simply open iMessage and do nothing. Alfred Version: 3.7 MacOS 10.14 Mojave Text Message Workflow Edited October 22, 2018 by RobRoyce Added more info Link to comment
Recommended Posts
You need to be a member in order to leave a comment
Sign up for a new account in our community. It's easy!Register a new account
Already have an account? Sign in here.Sign In NowTimes front page, April 14, 2018.The morning after the US-led airstrikes on Syria, The Times devoted its front page to an attack on academics who had questioned the rationale for the bombing. The headline article – ‘Apologists for Assad working in British universities’ – was accompanied by a two-page spread claiming that the academic Working Group on Syria, Propaganda and Media was trying to ‘shut down debate’. For good measure, The Times also denounced the Working Group as ‘Assad’s Useful Idiots’ in its editorial column.
A leading national newspaper singling out individual scholars as ‘agents of disinformation and cheerleaders for despotism’ who, it strongly implied, should not be employed at British universities, raises urgent questions of academic freedom.
The Times maintained its support for the idea of ‘untrammelled academic inquiry as sacrosanct’, but argued that the work of the Group does not count as legitimate academic inquiry. Instead, it said, this ‘coterie of Assad apologists’ is engaged in ‘pseudoscience and misdirection’, peddling ‘obscurantism’ and ‘sophistry’. These are not serious academics pursuing a ‘search for truth’, but rather ‘agents of disinformation’ whose work is ‘a violation of the ethos of academic research’.
I must declare an interest here: I am on the international advisory board of the Working Group on Syria, Propaganda and Media. I can attest that the aim of the group is not to act as ‘apologists’ for either the Syrian or Russian governments. Rather, its aim is to analyse media coverage and critique the propaganda claims that surround the conflict. It should not come as a surprise to anyone that western media have acted as conduits for such propaganda, but don’t just take my word for it. 'Coverage of the Syrian war will be remembered as one of the most shameful episodes in the history of the American press’ says former New York Times correspondent Stephen Kinzer.
‘Coverage of the Syrian war will be remembered as one of the most shameful episodes in the history of the American press’, says former New York Times correspondent Stephen Kinzer, for example (Boston Globe, 18 February 2016). In Foreign Affairs, American professor Max Abrahms has criticised the ‘pro-rebel bias dominant in Western outlets’ helping to promote a ‘pro-regime change narrative’. Veteran Middle East correspondent Patrick Cockburn (London Review of Books, February 2017) has said that ‘Western news organisations have almost entirely outsourced their coverage to the rebel side’, resulting in ‘partisan reporting’ which had presented a complex conflict as a simple ‘battle between good and evil’.
Another veteran foreign correspondent, Mary Dejevsky (Valdai, 1 March 2018), says she sympathises with ‘a dissident strain of thinking…which is at odds with the official consensus’, declaring that: ‘we reject, or at very least distrust, the dominant official narrative, which appears designed at once to get the UK and other Western countries more directly involved and to thwart or discredit Russia’.
In seeking to close down such dissident thought, Times journalists are acting, not as neutral defenders of truth, but as partisan advocates for a particular understanding of the war. Their view, it has to be said, is a minority one: opinion polls suggest that most people in the UK do not support the government’s air strikes on Syria.
Perhaps what lies behind The Times’s self-righteous ‘investigation’ – and the similar one published in The Guardian last December – is frustration at the fact that ‘humanitarian military intervention’ has been discredited by repeated failures, most recently in Libya. Attempting to rehabilitate this tarnished idea seems to necessitate both maintaining the fiction that western states have not been intervening in Syria, and attempting to silence criticism of western policy and of its sycophantic media cheerleaders.
Read more
Get our weekly email
CommentsWe encourage anyone to comment, please consult the oD commenting guidelines if you have any questions.The ONE Food Drive 2013
Two Great Ways to Participate!
Online Giving
Online fundraising continues until 31 December. Proceeds benefit Willing Hearts and the ONE (SINGAPORE) campaign to Make Poverty History. Click here to contribute by credit card or via PayPal.
Proceeds benefit the beneficiary partners and the ONE (SINGAPORE) campaign to Make Poverty History. Funds raised from the ONE Food Drive 2012 were used by ONE
(SINGAPORE) to purchase 45 cartons of eco-friendly bio-degradable lunch boxes (approximately 25,000 pieces) for Willing Hearts.
Willing Hearts is a soup kitchen that prepares and delivers thousands of free meals every day of the year to our neighbours in need. Take a closer look at their work – from the volunteers to the beneficiaries in this excellent photo essay.
Food Donations
Come down to the Tanjong Pagar Distripark with your food donations on Saturday 14 December! Donated items will be split between Willing Hearts and The Food Bank Singapore.
The ONE Food Drive 2013 will be held from 10 am to 3pm on Saturday 14 December at The Food Bank Singapore.
It’s located in the warehouse of FoodXervices Inc at #01-02/04
Tanjong Pagar Distripark, Singapore 089065 (directly opp the old railway station).
We accept both bulk items (which are great for use by the soup kitchen) as well as smaller items that are better for individual use. However, avoid bringing any fresh food and perishables. Here’s a list of suggested food items you could donate.
The Food Bank Singapore is a place where you can “deposit” food so that it will be distributed to people in need. Set up in April 2012 by two food industry professionals – siblings Nicholas and Nichol Ng – the food bank matches your donations with homes for the aged, soup kitchens and other charities.
More info and ideas on how you can help here.
Related ArticlesProject Veritas and founder James O’Keefe can no longer even be mentioned on Instagram following the FBI’s raid on his home and organization headquarters earlier this month.
When one tries to tag the whistleblower organization or O’Keefe on the platform, a notification pops up stating they can’t be mentioned because they have “repeatedly posted content that goes against our Community Guidelines on false content about COVID-19 or vaccines.”
Getting the full Alex Jones treatment soon enough.
We live in a world where the truth is “false content”.
— 💬 (@TeeExTee) November 14, 2021
Veritas has recently released a series of damning videos of government officials and pharmaceutical executives admitting in their own words that they covered up data about vaccine side effects and that the vaccines were not as effective as natural immunity.
This comes just days after the FBI raided O’Keefe’s private residence and his organization’s headquarters over charges they had stolen the diary of Joe Biden’s daughter Ashley Biden.
FBI and Southern District of New York Raid Project Veritas Journalists’ Homes pic.twitter.com/IUWaYAinmT
— Eric Spracklen🇺🇸 (@EricSpracklen) November 5, 2021
Banning individuals from social media has become commonplace for Big Tech, but banning mentions altogether is another level of censorship.
Facebook and Instagram first banned any mentions of Alex Jones in 2019, unless is was something bad or disparaging about him or Infowars.
Alex Jones Responds to FBI Raid on Project VeritasGreat Venues – The Royal College of Physicians of Ireland
Flowers for Number 6 Kildare St. – The Royal College of Physicians of Ireland
The Royal College of Physicians at number 6 Kildare Street – a spectacular venue located in the heart of Dublin beside Leinster House, The National Library & National Gallery.
This spectacular venue boasts a neo classical exterior and a beautiful interior replete with Victorian flourishes.
The building is available for use as a venue for private dinners, weddings, conferences, meetings and other social events.
As a venue it contains eight rooms including the beautiful Corrigan and Graves Halls which are this venue’s main locations for events along with the incredible Dun Library which looks like a set straight out of Harry Potter’s Hogwarts.
As florists, when planning events we often use the venues architectural and decorative features, designing our arrangements to compliment and enhance them. At number 6 we can use the buildings ceiling height, stained glass windows, fireplace mantels, antique furniture & portraiture and of course the sweeping staircase as props.
For information on booking Number 6 please contact the venue directly by email at [email protected] or telephone + 353 - 1 - 669 8800. If you would like to discuss flowers for corporate and social events or weddings at Number 6 Kildare Street please contact the team at Blooming Amazing Flower Company by email at [email protected] or by telephone on + 353 - 1 - 491 0233.- Influenza Surveillance Update, 2016–2017 Season Review, and 2017–2018 Vaccine Update – Alicia Fry (CDC)
- November 2017 Influenza Vaccination Coverage – Tammy Santibanez and Carla Black (CDC)
- Announcements
Influenza Surveillance Update, 2016–2017 Season Review, and 2017–2018 Vaccine Update – Alicia Fry (CDC)
Alicia provided a summary of the influenza surveillance report from week 47, ending on November 25, 2017, vaccine effectiveness data, and a vaccine update for the current season.
Current Surveillance
Overall, influenza activity is increasing throughout the country. The percentage of respiratory specimens testing positive for influenza in clinical laboratories has been steadily rising over the last few weeks and is now at 7.2%. The majority of specimens (88.6%) tested at public health laboratories were influenza A, and 11. Since October, 277 viruses have submitted for antigenic and genetic characterization, and the majority have been antigenically and genetically similar to the reference virus for this season’s vaccine. There has been no antiviral resistance detected to date.
Nationwide, influenza-like illness (ILI) activity was at 2.3%, above the national baseline of 2.2%. Four HHS regions (Regions 1, 4, 6, and 7) were at or above their region-specific baselines. ILI information also is available on a state level, with activity summarized as high, moderate, low, or minimal. During week 47,.
Information from the Influenza Hospitalization Surveillance Network (FluSurv-NET) indicates an overall hospitalization rate of 2.0 per 100,000 population. The highest rate (7.3 per 100,000) was among adults aged >65 years. When compared with prior seasons, the current hospitalization rate is similar to the levels in the 2014–2015 season. widespread,.
Review of 2016–2017 Season
Alicia continued by providing an overview of the 2016–2017 season. During that season, there were approximately 602,000 influenza-associated hospitalizations. Similar high hospitalization levels are seen in the 2012–2013 and 2014–2015 influenza seasons, which also were predominantly H3N2 seasons, As recently published in the American Journal of Epidemiology, investigators are now using the burden of seasonal influenza data (looking at illnesses, medical visits, and hospitalizations) to develop a severity index to provide a comparison between differing seasons. The 2016–2017 season was considered to be of “moderate” severity.
Vaccine effectiveness (VE) in 2016–2017 was 42%. When stratified by subtype, the VE for influenza A was 34% and influenza B was 56%. From 2010–2011 to 2015–2016, an estimated 39,300 – 86,700 influenza hospitalizations were averted. Even when VE is low, such as in 2012–2013, over 60,000 hospitalizations were averted. VE was similar throughout the world during last season. Alicia noted that the reason VE is lower against H3N2 viruses is multifactorial, but egg adaptation changes in vaccine viruses likely play a role. This season’s influenza vaccine contains the same H3N2 vaccine component as last season.
2017–2018 Influenza Vaccine Update
The 2017–2018 ACIP Influenza Statement was published in the MMWR on August 25, 2017. A Background Document with additional references and a Summary of Recommendations are available on the ACIP web pages.
The principal changes and updates for 2017–2018 (see slide presentation for specific details) include:
- Influenza vaccine composition
- Several new licensures/licensure changes
- Updated recommendations for Afluria (IIV3)
- Extension of the recommendation that LAIV not be used.
Major items that are unchanged for 2017–2018 include:
- There are many vaccine options, with no preferential recommendation
- Dosing algorithm for children age 6 months through 8 years is similar to the last two seasons
- Timing of vaccination – Before end of October
- Egg allergy algorithm no longer printed in MMWR
A Summit member asked whether the cell-based or recombinant vaccines are likely to have a higher VE against H3N2 viruses this year. Alicia noted that, although many people are predicting this, CDC will be unable to measure this because there is not enough commercial use of these vaccines for it to be picked up in the surveillance networks. This year’s H3 component is from an original cell-grown virus, but the H1 and B components are from egg-propagated viruses which are placed into cells. This year the H3 component is “cell-cell,” so those changes that occur as the virus is adapting to the egg are not present for H3. One study from 2014–2015 suggested higher VE for recombinant vaccine, but it also has higher antigen dose, making it difficult to tease out the answer to this question from the data.
November 2017 Influenza Vaccination Coverage – Tammy Santibanez and Carla Black (CDC)
Tammy and Carla discussed results of November 2017 Influenza Vaccination Coverage Surveys.
CDC has just posted the national-level early season influenza vaccination coverage estimates for the general population of children and adults in the United States. Overall, this season’s coverage is similar to last year’s at this time for all age groups. Coverage for adults was 38.5%. Vaccination coverage among children was similar to 2016 totals in all age groups, with lower levels in older children. The opposite was true for adults, where coverage was higher with increasing age.
For all racial and ethnic groups, coverage was similar to the 2016–2017 season. The exception to this was among Hispanic adults, whose coverage was 7.7% lower than this time last year. The majority of adults and children were vaccinated at a doctor’s office.
Healthcare personnel (HCP) data were obtained from a non-probability internet panel survey. Coverage has not increased over previous seasons. By occupation, pharmacists had the highest coverage, followed by physicians, nurses, and other staff. Assistants and aides had the lowest coverage. By work setting, HCP working in hospitals had the highest coverage. Vaccination levels in HCP were highest among those whose employer required vaccination. The majority of HCP received influenza vaccinations in their workplace. Many HCP who were not vaccinated and who do not plan to get vaccinated were concerned about possible side effects. The most common reason given by HCP who were vaccinated was a desire to protect themselves from influenza.
The survey among pregnant women was also an internet panel survey. Because this year’s survey methodology was different than prior years, CDC will not be conducting comparisons with previous seasons. As of early November, flu vaccination coverage among pregnant women was 35.6%. Coverage was slightly higher among pregnant women who were over 25 years of age and those who were in their second or third trimester of pregnancy. Vaccination coverage was highest among women who are non-Hispanic “other” race. Coverage was higher among pregnant women with a college degree than women with a high school education or less, and it also was higher among pregnant women with private/military insurance.
As has been seen in prior seasons, a recommendation from a HCP has a significant influence on coverage. More than half (52.4%) of women who were offered vaccine by their provider were vaccinated, while only 26.1% were vaccinated if they received only a recommendation for vaccination from their provider. Most vaccinated women received their vaccine at their ob/gyn/midwife office. The most mentioned reason for being vaccinated was to protect their baby from the flu. The most common reason for not being vaccinated was the pregnant woman’s personal safety concerns. Women who intend to be vaccinated in the future stated they either hadn’t gotten around to receiving the vaccine yet or they wanted to wait until after their pregnancy.
Announcements
2018 Summit In-Person Meeting registration and abstract submission process for the NAIIS meeting will be available online around the beginning of the year.Coloring Pages For Adults Printable Rabbit
Coloring Pages For Adults Printable Rabbit – coloring pages for adults printable rabbit
| Encouraged for you to my own website, within this period I will explain to you about keyword. And from now on, this can be a 1st photograph:
What about photograph above? is actually that incredible???. if you believe therefore, I’l d explain to you many impression all over again underneath:
So, if you’d like to receive the great shots about (Coloring Pages For Adults Printable Rabbit), just click save link to store these photos for your pc. These are ready for down load, if you appreciate and want to own it, simply click save logo on the article, and it will be directly downloaded in your laptop computer.} Finally if you desire to gain new and latest picture related to (Coloring Pages For Adults Printable Rabbit), please follow us on google plus or book mark this blog, we try our best to offer you daily up grade with all new and fresh pictures. Hope you enjoy keeping here. For some upgrades and recent news about (Coloring Pages For Adults Printable Rabbit) shots, please kindly follow us on twitter, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark section, We attempt to offer you update regularly with fresh and new photos, enjoy your searching, and find the ideal for you.
Here you are at our website, contentabove (Coloring Pages For Adults Printable Rabbit) published . At this time we’re excited to announce we have discovered an extremelyinteresting nicheto be pointed out, that is (Coloring Pages For Adults Printable Rabbit) Most people trying to find details about(Coloring Pages For Adults Printable Rabbit) and of course one of these is you, is not it?
Coronation Street fans are broken hearted and in floods of tears after Oliver Battersby died.
In last night’s (Friday, November 27) episode the toddler lost his battle with mitochondrial disease and passed away.
He was surrounded by his parents Leanne and Steve, who sang to him.
“We’re ready,” Leanne told Dr Howarth as she walked back into the room to hold her son for a final time.
As they sang You Are My Sunshine, Oliver slipped away peacefully leaving Leanne and Steve sobbing.
And they weren’t alone, with viewers breaking down at home.
Read more: Coronation Street planned pigeon flu pandemic storyline but scrapped it
One heartbroken viewer said: “I think watching Oliver die on Corrie was the hardest thing I’ve ever watched on a soap, or anything for that matter.
“As a parent, it felt like a punch in my soul! Heartbreaking. #CoronationStreet #Corrie60”
“Bawling at Oliver dying in Corrie,” said a second. “Actually wanna go wake Rosie up and go hold her so tight.”
Coronation Street fans break down as Oliver Battersby dies
A third said: “#Corrie has had me in floods and I knew it would!
“@RealJaneDanson was amazing and so was @simongregson123. The end where Leanne was on Oliver’s bed broke my heart.
“Well done, Corrie. Yet again!”
A fourth added: “I’ve just watched the second episode from tonight, [as if] watching Leanne and Steve saying goodbye to their young son in the hospital wasn’t upsetting enough, seeing Leanne in Oliver’s bedroom breaking down in tears was just beyond heartbreaking! #Corrie @itvcorrie #RIPOliver.”
Another said: “The way that @itvcorrie managed the harrowing storyline of turning off toddler Oliver’s life support was so moving.
“The cast managed to draw us into their pain and heartache despite social distance rules, the whole show was incredibly sad. They deserve awards for this.”
Read more: Coronation Street star Jane Danson hits out at Vicky Entwistle over ‘disrespectful’ tweet
Next week will see Leanne struggle with her loss.
She will push Nick away and make the decision to leave the cobbles so she won’t be reminded of Oliver each day.
But will she leave for good? Or can she reunite with Nick and find a way to be happy again?
Leave us a comment on our Facebook page @EntertainmentDailyFix and let us know what you think!A brave lady who is weeks away from her 90th birthday is recovering in hospital after having a leg amputated.
Elsie Akiens could have been hours from death as doctors discovered a fast moving blood clot in her leg.
The 89-year-old and her family were told there two options - one, palliative care and “just let nature takes its course” and the second was to amputate the leg.
Doctors warned that the odds were against her because of her age but the plucky pensioner told doctors and her gathered family: “Either way I’m a winner. If I die on the operating table, I will be with my husband and if I survive I wake with all my family around me.”
The drama began on Wednesday last week when Elsie was rushed to Leicester Royal Infirmary following a fall at her Mowmacre home.
Doctors discovered the blood clot in her left leg and she was quickly transferred to Glenfield Hospital.
However, blood thinning medication had little effect.
Elsie was warned it was life threatening and the only other possibility was to amputate the leg just above the knee.
She was taken to the operating theatre at around 8pm on Thursday where doctors had decided, due to her age, it would be better to have an epidural rather than a general anaesthetic.
Around three hours later Elsie’s family were told the operation had been a success.
Elsie, who now calls herself Mrs Stumpy, said: “I have been in and out of hospital recently. but the Glenfield staff have been great, the best hospital and I thank the ones that saved my life.
“I understand that I wont be able to walk again, but I am still alive and I have all my family around me, and my husband Tom, who died nearly two years ago, is watching over me - he would be so proud of me.
“I cannot thank all the staff at Glenfield enough for all they have done and I am hoping I will be home soon.”
Her grand-daughter Renee, who has been her main carer since she fell some six weeks ago fracturing her hip, said: “When nana woke she had the biggest smile ever.
“Her first words were ‘did I do it?’ - we are all so proud of her.
“She had her first physiotherapy session on Monday and is doing amazingly well, physically and mentally.”
Elsie had an early 90th party in hospital “just in case, she didn’t make it.”
But her family are now planning to throw a bigger one her birthday, August 16.
Renee, 23, from Mowmacre, said: “Nana is bubbly, cheeky and stubborn and she is determined to make it to her birthday.”John Ridley Stroop
March 21, 1897 - September 1, 1973
Gospel Preacher
and Prolific Writer In The Early to Mid 20th Century
Now Buried In Woodlawn Cemetery
Nashville, Tennessee
J. Ridley Stroop was born in Murfreesboro, Tennessee, March 21, 1897. He was baptized by H. Leo Boles in August of 1913. He married Zelma Dunn, and to them were born three children. He received his training at David Lipscomb College (now University) and Peabody College where he received his M.A. & Ph.D. degrees. He began preaching in Rutherford County, Tennessee in 1917. During his career he wrote some books, Why Do People Not See The Bible Alike?, 1949 and God's Plan And Me, Book I, Jesus' Mission And Method, 1950. He taught many years at David Lipscomb College. He taught Bible, and for a time was the head of the Psychology Department. He was registrar for eleven years, and dean of the faculty for one year. He is also internationally known as a psychologist for the "Stroop Test," a cognitive interference task that has been used in many psychological studies and is used to diagnose cognitive or psychological impairments. J. Ridley Stroop died September 1, 1973 and is buried in the cemetery at Woodlawn, Nashville, Tennessee. second left and then the first right. Lakeside will appear on your left. From the sign go south 9 rows and the grave is closest to the road.
GPS N 36°
06' 34.7" x WO 86° 45' 35.5
Grave Faces To The North
To see map click
on blinking button!.
A very detailed outline of what you would like to cover in the intro/lit review of your paper. Write it as an outline and think about what you want each paragraph or section to cover. Paste your references into each section where the information from that article applies to the topic. Below is an example of the outline although the references have not been pasted in yet:
Introduction or Statement of the Problem (e.g. Predictors of Depression in Men)
Research question (E.g. What factors predict depression in men? For example, age, marital status, family history, stressors).
Why is it important/implications (E.g. xx% of men are depressed; less likely to seek treatment; if we can identify who is at risk, may be able to direct them to treatment sooner)
Revised hypothesis based on feedback from the instructor
Review of the Literature (the following is an example for above topic):
Brief description of depression, symptoms, and any unique symptoms for men (Cite articles from which you will obtain this information).
How widespread is it? Stats on depression in general but also stats on depression in men (Cite articles from which you will obtain this information).
List factors that put men at risk for depression (Cite articles).
Difficulty communicating distress or sadness (Cite articles).
Job/work pressures (Cite articles).
Demographic characteristics (Cite articles).
Relationship between age and depression (Cite articles).
Relationship between marital status and depression (Cite articles).
A 1-2 page description of the sample you would like to use for your study, that provides the answer to the following questions:
What sampling technique would you use?
Does the sample generalize to the population? Explain why or why not.
What inclusion criteria would be used? What exclusion criteria would be used, if any?
What ethical issues might be encountered when collecting your information from this sample?
Be sure to also submit all your ten references (the five from last week and the five new ones you added) in an APA-style reference page. Be sure to also include an APA-style title page with your submission. Your paper should be at least 2-3 pages long. Make sure you write in a clear, concise, and organized manner; demonstrate ethical scholarship in accurate representation and attribution of sources; display accurate spelling, grammar, and punctuation.TUZIDI FITNESS
Join Our Fitness Community
Our Programs
Fitness
Expertly programmed workouts designed for weight loss. We specialize in Functional Fitness
Nutrition
Simple, customized & straight-forward strategies & plans on how to eat your way to weight loss from our expert coaches
Join our Community
Join Our Community
If you’re looking for a gym that delivers truly amazing results, you’ll find the coaching, inspiration, and community you need to hit your goals & develop the best version of yourself at Tuzidi Fitness.
Our professional coaches will integrate you into a series of expertly programmed and modifiable workouts, based on your current fitness level. No matter your age, health/aesthetic goals or current fitness level – we’ve got a workout for you.
Whether you are interested in weight loss, toning or building muscle, our coaches will be right by your side guiding you until you hit your goals. We can’t wait to meet you!
Kat Leopard Print Shearling Tiered Waistcoat
This beautiful long awaited 3/4 length, sleeveless design shearling leopard print waistcoat. Delivery October!!
This piece offers you the classic style of a v-neck revered neckline with a concealed front fastening. A thin Merino shearling top with a tired longer length Toscana base.
This stunning, timeless silhouette will see you through the seasons!
Our sizing specification is detailed below in cm.<<Unique Vehicle Charity Display Day, Royal Motor Yacht Club Newport (*Date TBC)
22 May 2022 @ 7:00 am - 3:00 pm AESTFree
PMEA will again participate in this yearly unique charity fundraising display day at the Royal Motor Yacht Club Newport.
**PROPOSED DATE LISTED TO BE CONFIRMED**
Donations go to Marine Rescue Church Point and Cottage Point, and Bear Cottage in equal shares.
Display your PMEA car or bike and display with pride, while helping a great cause. There will be three PMEA Official Judges appraising the vehicles on display.
Presentation awards commence at 2pm. This is our major fundraiser of the year, so whether you are participating, or just coming to enjoy viewing the cars and bikes, please do support your club and donate to a good cause. Club volunteers will be mingling in the crowd collection donations throughout the day.
Meet /Start: Gates open from 7.00am for vehicles pre-booked. NO entry permitted for vehicles NOT pre-booked. Vehicles must be in place by 9.00am. Please park in numbered bay allocated to you at the entry gate. PMEA marshall will direct you to your allocated parking space in the lower carpark. Public viewing from 10.00am.
Departure: NOT before 3pm. Vehicles are not permitted to leave early due to safety requirements.
Cost: Entry fee $10.00. Entries are now closed.
Note: Public parking is available at Newport Surf Club, Newport school and in nearby streets. Please park legally as council rangers and police will be monitoring the area.
Two club courtesy buses will be available to collect spectators from the remote car parks on demand. Notices with phone numbers to call a bus will be at the car parks. Please see attached map information below.
August 19, 2016
One of the happiest day of my life, I asked Gabby to marry me. And now we are beyond excited to share our wedding and our lives with all of you.
November 24, 2016
Gabby really wanted a mobile bar for our wedding. We couldn’t find anything we liked, so I (Scott) thought we should just build one!
December 12, 2016
After we decided to were going to do this, I needed a foundation. So went to Craigslist and found the perfect trailer. A 1946 Mobilglide Globetrotter camper.
March 14, 2017
After a few months of planning, I got to work. The entire build took 10 weeks and is well documented at our Imgur post that went mega-viral!
May 18, 2017
With a tight deadline approaching, I was able to finish the bar on time and (somewhat) on budget. Watch paint dry in prep for her first party!
May 20, 2017
First party with Penny as we introduced her to the world. What a party it was! 500+ people, kegs, mixed drinks, flip cup, bouncy slide, a pig roast, etc. Check out the pics!
Jan 1, 2019
We have had some career opportunities present themselves and decided to make the plunge and move to Los Angeles. Don’t worry, we took Penny with us.
The Hello Penny Bar project was something that sprung up over night. My fiancé and I got engaged August 2016 and we started the never ending process of wedding planning. We choose our venue, food vendor, dialed in our guest list, and then she said that we needed some sort of bar. We looked around online and couldn’t find anything we liked. She wanted something mobile, like an old trailer or something that you could walk up too and order a drink. Being the crafty future husband that I am, I said “why don’t we just build one?” A quick scan of Craigslist and 2 weeks later I found the perfect trailer to turn this dream into a reality. A 1946 Mobilglide Globetrotter 12’ travel trailer. Hasn’t been registered since 1966, was completely gutted but had good bones and knew she was the one. I sold my dirt bike at the time, took that cash straight to the guy selling it, and bought it on the spot. I moved the trailer to my friends house in Vista, where she then sat outside for 3 months while I figured out just exactly what we were going to do with it.
After countless inspirational Pinterest boards, building diagrams, sketches, layouts, wiring plans and material hunting, it was time to get started. Every year, my brother hosts a big, Fiesta Del Sol block party outside his apartment complex. This was less than 3 months away at the time, and knew it would be the Penny grand reveal. So I worked on the trailer every afternoon after work for 9 weeks straight until she was finally done and ready to share with the world. We got TONS of great feedback on the trailer, and knew that we couldn’t just use her for our wedding, and that we had to let others experience her as well. So after a I created a few ads on Craigslist, a profile on The Knot and Wedding Wire, made this beautiful website and we were in business! I told a few close friends to get their off-site alcohol serving licenses so they could work as bartenders and as they say, the rest is history! We are super stoked to continue on this Journey and love connecting with wedding couples and people interested in using Penny at their next event. Cheers!
This is too cute, can you come to my wedding!?
Why thank you! And of course we can! We specialize in private events, weddings, parties, birthdays and more. Just get in Contact with us, we’ll make sure we are available and go from there!
How much does Penny cost?
Affordable thats for sure! Since each venue and event is different, we ask that you contact us directly for a formal quote. But a rule of thumb, $100/hr to rent Penny at your event.
Is this the same bar I saw on Reddit?
It sure is! We went MEGA-viral for the build process I did on Imgur when the Bar was complete Summer 2017. It since has gotten a ton of press and feedback. We are thrilled to announce her to the world.
Have you thought of franchising?
We have. If you would like to hear more about some franchising options, please contact us and we’ll share some thoughts on how you can get involved on the business.
Can you provide the bar tenders?
Yes of course! All the Penny bartenders are licensed and certified with the state to keep things legal and professional. We have affordable packages to ensure your event runs smoothly, without breaking the budget. We even have full alcohol / liability insurance.
Can you just park it in front of my house forever?!
haha… are we invited to play with you?! We can certainly do a block party for your neighborhood, have a birthday, get a bouncy house, BBQ galore. But at the end of the day, we’ll have to take her home, sorry!+1 720 325 7890
Henning Shop’s “Battlehook” Sight is a high performance, military and competition grade, multi-purpose sight designed and manufactured in the USA. This sight is innovatively designed with a 10° forward angle for one-handed slide racking for quick reaction shooting capabilities. The rear blades are equipped with 40 LPI low glare serrations which further enhance your visibility and accuracy at the range, in competition and in the field. Using the highest quality materials, the “Battlehook” is composed of 4140 high tensile steel and attached with two robust set screws.
The Battlehook for Glock pistols extends the blade over the back of the slide for a longer sight radius and a larger sight reference for more precise shooting. Battlehook Glock is finished with Ionbond PVD coating for durability and strongest possible surface.
Battlehook for Glock is available in 3 different heights to fit the various Glock models. The most common (6.5) is also available in two different notch widths; .150" and .180". The .180" width is called "Ultra Carry" and gives you a super fast and sight picture for concealed carry purposes.
We make black, fiber and tritium front sights, that can be combined with black or tritium rear Battlehook sight. Our distributors carry a variety of sets and individually sold sights.
If you are interested in our Battlehook sights, please contact one of our distributors listed below :
Mile High Shooting
Lone Wolf Distributors
Brownells
I Love My Glock.com
Dillon Precision
For International Customers :
F & K Sport - Sweden
Pedersens Vaabenlager - Norway
3 Gun - Holland
More international dealers are coming on board every month. If you don't have an importer in your country, please contact Henning@henningshop.com
DISCLAIMER: “GLOCK” is a federally registered trademark of GLOCK, Inc. and is one of many trademarks owned by GLOCK, Inc. or GLOCK Ges.mbH. Neither Henning.
This was the first Battlehook sight we developed in partnership with Volkmann Precision. This is the ultimate 1911 fixed carry sight when you are looking for design, function and quality. With Volkmann's unique sight cut you experience a sleek design that gives you a professional sight picture with maximum "hook" for one-handed operation. The sight cut is a custom .330" dovetail cut. Luke Volkmann personally finishes these sights in a gunsmith blued finish. Beautiful is all I can say about them.
This sight is only available as a custom-fitted sight by
Luke Volkmann.
The second custom 1911 Battlehook sight we developed in partnership with Volkmann Precision. This version of the Battlehook uses the famous Novak Cut. As with all of our battlehook sights, it is designed with a 10 degree forward angle for one-handed operation. The rear sight design gives you the ultimate sight picture for quick target acquisition for both carry, competition and recreational shooting. Luke Volkmann personally finishes these sights in a gunsmith blued finish. Beautiful is all I can say about them.
Available through Dillon PrecisionLets look into…
Thales Etoro….Concerns that i hear from brand-new financiers what if you’re brand new to investing you just don’t wish to decide what you in fact wish to invest and you desire someone to do it for you there’s just a number of manner ins which that can happen the first of all you can work with an investment portfolio manager they’ll generally charge a rather a high premium to do that perhaps a couple of percent of your revenues will go to them the other thing is obviously, evaluation, utilize, crypto, value, funds, performance, trades, stocks, properties, markets, copy, service, spread, demo, gain access to, withdrawal
high threat, trading cfds, social trading, retail financier accounts, demonstration account, previous performance, social trading platform, minimum deposit, organization combination, U.S.A. llc, trading platform, regulatory.
with not too so you in fact get used to the structure of the site threat and we have to bear that in mind do not just do something since that person has said they’ve made revenue 14 months in a row buy these choices therefore that implies with our money we can in fact state i wish to do exactly what that trader is doing or match that specific portfolio of alternatives and generally whenever they make a trade they purchase involved truly critical you understand what are the expenses of this now with any platform there will be some cost to obviously these are genuine companies that are investing they’re doing the buying the selling for you there’s going to be charges included and even a few of the zero cost websites then may not charge you for really buying and selling etfs or funds individual products individual stocks.
structure, future outcomes, user score, virtual portfolio, complex instruments, cryptocurrency trading, etoro platform, etoro account, customer care, popular financier, joined states, cfds work, etoro review, genuine cash, copy trading, credit card, etoro demo account, trading costs, volatile anyone at all this is basic they have i expect stuck to whatever charge they charge for that conversion rate you kind of have to accept you know have to pay their fees now the great fees so that’s really good using that part of their website won’t definitely limit you in any way however we have to know 2 other fees the very first being what’s called spread costs fine and i’m going to show you what i mean on now a spread cost as i’m going to reveal you
on is generally the difference that belongs to the financial investment platform between the buy cost show you that once again so the present price of tesla is the value of a share what’s called spread costs is the distinction offer so they’re going to give you less back with your sale and you say okay well why does that occur it simply does that is the nature of a lot of platforms out there there’s a distinction between if you’re buying it then you want to offer it and that is how they make a little bit of money on those spread out charges it’s usually exceptionally small it could be a matter of pens matter of cents in there but that’s one place every investment firm will again make a little bit money now the last feat is called an
A Commodities broker in apple menu crypto shares
over night charge now this is really essential if you’re in fact using cfds yourself also an over night cost is when you’re not doing that buy sell transaction in the very same day fine there’s then an over night charge charged or perhaps if you go from the friday to the monday before sailing a weekend fee now this just applies to cfds so if you’re really buying out the etf the stock the product and using time one leverage which indicates you’re actually purchasing the specific asset rather than utilizing utilize anyhow you won’t get hit with these charges but these costs are if you’re using leverage and cfds and after that you’re going to have these costs if you’re not buy selling in the same day so let’s say if you enter into the help area this isn’t the overnight charges details you can see precisely the breakdown and it’ll tell you what are the charges what are the costs then for when you’re doing over night or you’re doing over weekends and that just uses as i stated to cfds there are some additional charges obviously depending on what you are purchasing as well this is on your own so keep that in mind but complete fees are entirely within their assistance information alright and we spoke about along with complimentary to deposit in but there’s a 5 dollar charge if you wish to withdraw from anything whether it’s been cfds regular commodity stock shares whatever there’s that five dollar withdrawal cost now another thing to call it as i have actually said copy trading and copy portfolios are two different ways of really utilizing these copy works they do not have any extra charges on top of the typical fees that
are there now what you need to remember though is these possibly handled by other people completely or often have actually produced portfolios you’ve got a real person doing the management you need to make certain you select the person that’s right for you similar to any type of work this is your monetary possessions so we absolutely need to ensure it’s the right choice to invest genuine money money but really buy pretend buy copy individuals whatever you like if you’re not
diversification, guideline s-x, cfd trading, dividends,
feeling comfy with utilizing your genuine money perhaps this is a fantastic option for you again to evaluate the theories okay you may wish to purchase tesla or apple or this etf why not use the virtual option as a way to type of safe play with it certainly you may have missed out on gains and losses throughout that time naturally if you had invested your genuine cash indicate by that obviously for me i’m investing long term and they tend to state the longer you’re leaving your investments the riskier you can be run the risk of simply indicates am i fine with possibly losing a good quantity of this financial investment or acquiring as
etoro, trading, account, platform, traders, money, threat, trader, financial investment, portfolio, cryptocurrency, fees, cfds, cryptocurrencies, financiers, users Thales Etoro
well now remember everything is downs and ups you will earn money you’ll lose money that’s why they make the statistic 75 individuals will lose cash however that similarly implies they’ll lose eventually in their journey undoubtedly people do make money too and i’ve got videos everything about how you can make sure you are among individuals to actually generate income however in this situation make sure you research study your danger level would you be okay giving your money to somebody else which is effectively what you’re doing and trusting them make certain you understand what they’re investing in totally if you’re someone who isn’t wanting to be that dangerous do not choose someone who’s entirely into crypto or currency conversion think about it you ‘d most likely want a backbone of strong products in fact use this too really easily over here you can copy people now it will offer you a great deal of choices and you can utilize the system to really look for somebody that you expensive in fact following so let’s see perhaps we desire someone from united kingdom um who buys let’s see who does etfs they’ve gained a minimum of 10 yeah that sounds reasonable that sounds an excellent quantity and i can find everybody who has actually met that requirements and it does give confirm are you okay with this and off you go now another method good to know ibm paypal yep she’s definitely like type of into those blue box and the tech market she’s got a few of mine in fact that i buy type of main food companies and you’ve got you know pharmaceutical and production business as that. Thales Etoro.
diversify your portfolio, margin, etoro (uk) ltd, copy trading, cryptocurrency exchanges, cryptocurrencies, ecn, fund manager, etf, coinbase,, liquidity, indexes, market orderTestimonials
“ San Miguel Realty is the best: no hard sell, attention to client needs, advice on all kinds of real-estate-related matters for ex-pats, and trustworthy ethics. Our purchase was somewhat complicated by having multiple buyers, but everything went smoothly. Gillian Gallo was our realtor, and as it happened Charles Thomas was the sellers’ realtor: the combination was unbeatable, equitable to all parties, and the ultimate in service and convenience. We couldn’t have had a better experience. ”Yes, P&A is hiring again!
As our firm continues to grow, we are looking to hire another great Service Advisor! We are looking for someone who has a passion for helping clients, is savvy with paperwork, and can collaborate with our Lead Advisors to deliver an exceptional client experience. As with all our P&A staff, we are looking for someone who is sociable, confident, and enjoys engaging in discussions with co-workers and clients.
If you – or someone you know – are interested, you can view our job posting and/or apply via the following link on Indeed.com until November 15th: Indeed.com job posting..Super Eagles legend put smiles on people's faces as he builds world class hospital in his hometown (video)
- Em!
In a video shared on social media, the striker along with his friends were taken to the site of the hospital and Emenike seemed satisfied with what he saw after money well spent.
All is now set for the building to be commissioned and begin operations as well as meeting the health demands of the ordinary people.
Emenike had a brief spell with the Super Eagles between 2011 and 2015 as he scored seven goals in a green and white shirt.
Source: Getty Images
The former Fenerbache and West Ham striker was instrumental to Nigeria's AFCON glory in 2013 scoring three goals in the tournament.
Emenike who had humble beginnings with a Delta Force and South African side Black Aces also played a pivotal role in Nigeria's qualification into the round of 16 at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil.
His most successful spell at club level was with Russian side Spartak Moscow where he scored 21 goals in 42 matches.Feel free to get in touch with us, we’re pretty damned friendly
We’re happy to answer any questions you have about our community, the upcoming event, or even to volunteer yourself to help make our events even more special.
Please email us at: team@microburn.org
If you want to keep in touch with us on a regular basis, join our Facebook community.
Here all us sparkly beings share beautiful things and it is our main form of communication with the MicroBurn Community.
MicroBurn Email Updates
Enter your email address to sign up for email updates from MicroBurn.
(Don’t worry, we hardly ever email you – only to give you info on the latest event. We don’t like spam either.)Reiki healing – also known as energy healing – has long been used by practitioners to aid wellbeing and rebalance the mind, body and soul. But, as an alternative therapy with little in the way of peer-reviewed, evidence-based scientific backing, how can you be sure it really works?
We investigate the practice of reiki, exploring the theory behind the therapy and revealing why it is now backed by more mainstream medical institutions:
What is reiki healing?
The term ‘reiki’ is derived from the Japanese words ‘rei’, meaning ‘universal’ and ‘kei’, meaning ‘life energy’.
‘The origin of traditional reiki dates back to the early 20th century – it was created by a Japanese monk and scholar, Dr Usui, who took inspiration from ancient Buddhist healing practices,’ explains Sharmin Begum, reiki healer and acupuncturist at triyoga.
‘The reiki practitioner acts like a funnel to channel vast, pure, universal energy, to reconnect and establish a more harmonised optimal energy flow. Reiki holds the space to aid overall wellbeing for your mind, body and soul.’
What is reiki healing used for?
Energy healing is said to help the flow of energy throughout the body and remove negative blocks, in a similar way to acupuncture.
Begum says reiki can be used alongside traditional Western treatments to help with both acute and chronic conditions, including the following:
- Stress
- Anxiety
- Depression
- ADHD
- Autism
- Crohn’s disease
- Fatigue symptoms
- Infertility
- Tiredness
- Chronic pain
‘Reiki tends to induce a deep sense of relaxation, helping with stress and easing anxiety,’ says Begum. Although Begum is keen to stress that reiki should not replace traditional medicines or therapies. ‘Reiki should never be used as a substitute for western medicine. It is classified as complementary medicine, so ideally it should be used in conjunction with traditional medical treatment.’
‘Reiki healing helps the client to cope emotionally with whatever they are dealing with in life, and also eases and accelerates the process of recovery,’ adds Begum.
Who can have reiki healing?
Begum reveals that, as it is a non-invasive complementary therapy, reiki is suitable for everyone, including pregnant women, babies, children and animals. And when it comes to reiki's effectiveness, you can still benefit from it even if you are skeptical of the therapy.
‘I find it does not really matter if you believe in reiki or not to experience the benefits,’ Begum reveals. ‘I find it is best to not have any expectations – just go with the flow and see what happens. Even if you physically do not experience strong sensations during the actual reiki healing, generally people recognise the overall change in their wellbeing.’
What happens in a reiki session?
Begum outlines what happens in a typical reiki session:
In a typical session, the therapist will introduce the client to reiki they will be asked if there are any particular concerns/areas in body/feelings/emotions/thoughts they would like to focus on during the reiki session.
I also ask if you feel comfortable with me resting my hands on (touch) or off your body (non-touch), or both, while I work along the major energy centres on the body, commonly known as chakras. Any time you feel uncomfortable, you simply need to say, as your practitioner will always find ways to adjust.
During the session, the client will be lying down fully clothed under a blanket with their eyes closed and in silence – music is played in the background for the duration of reiki healing. The client may feel various sensations, as everyone is different. Most people experience deep relaxation, or sometimes prickling or intense cold or heat, but it is never painful and is non-invasive.
After the reiki healing, I will discuss whether anything has come up for the client and will also give feedback as to where they felt any imbalance, especially in the major chakras on the body.
As with any form of healing, aftercare is central to the practice. After a reiki session, the client is advised to take it easy, with plenty of rest and intake of water – this will further help to integrate the positive reiki healing effects. It is good to take note of any dreams or thoughts that may arise – these can give insight into the healing.
If it is the first or second session of reiki, then the client may experience detoxing effects (clearing of energies), such as feeling emotional or physically strange, or maybe even tired for a day or so. Afterwards, reiki generally seems to give most people a positive boost in energy or they feel super relaxed.
Health benefits of reiki healing
Reiki healing comes with a number of relaxation benefits. ‘Most of the people that I have used reiki healing on seem to feel some sort of instant benefit of initial calmness or deep relaxation,’ reveals Begum. ‘Then, as the reiki healing becomes more integrated over the next 24 hours, they should feel more present or balanced.'
'Like exercise, the more you do it the better you feel, and everyone is different,' she adds. 'For longer lasting impact from reiki healing, it requires follow-up sessions. The spacing and frequency of reiki sessions depend upon the individual’s own energy response and general lifestyle.’
The benefits of reiki are widely recognised as the following:
✔️ A sense of deep relaxation
✔️ Improved overall wellbeing
✔️ Lower stress levels
✔️ Reduced anxiety
✔️ Alleviated depression
✔️ Relief from physical pain
✔️ Deeper spiritual connection
Reiki healing: what the experts say
While there are extensive anecdotal reports of reiki’s positive effects, there is little in the way of peer-reviewed evidence.
One 2006 study, published in Holistic Nursing Practice, found that women who received traditional nursing care plus three 30-minute reiki sessions reported experiencing less pain and required fewer analgesics than a control group, following abdominal hysterectomy.
In another study, conducted in 2011, researchers wanted to determine whether reiki reduced pain and enhanced wellbeing for chemotherapy patients. The study participants were split into three groups: the first received standard care, the second received reiki and the third received sham reiki. The results found that the reiki therapy was statistically significant… but so was the sham reiki, suggesting a placebo effect.
Of the research available, experts often state that small study sizes and non-quantifiable outcomes, such as improved wellbeing and a sense of spiritual connection, mean the evidence is flawed.
The National Center for Complementary and Integrative Health states that, while reiki has been studied for a variety of conditions, including pain, anxiety and depression, most of the research has not been of high quality and results have been inconsistent.
The benefits of complementary therapy
That said, personal reports of the positive effects of reiki are undeniable. Recipients have championed reiki for reducing pain, lowering stress levels, decreasing anxiety and depression, and providing greater overall wellbeing.
In light of this, some NHS trusts offer reiki healing to complement traditional pain-relief options, most commonly to cancer patients. Cancer Research UK also provides information about reiki on its website, stating that, while there is no scientific evidence to show that reiki can prevent, treat or cure cancer, many healthcare professionals accept reiki as a complementary therapy that may help to lower stress, promote relaxation and reduce pain.
Last updated: 10-10-19MUŻE.X: Kayleigh Bryant-Greenwell
- This event has passed.
MUŻE.X: Kayleigh Bryant-Greenwell
We are delighted to present six international voices from the museum world, each of whom shall be sharing views and perspectives about museum futures in six pre-conference webinar events. Kayleigh Bryant-Greenwell is Head of Public Programs with Smithsonian American Art Museum and the Renwick Gallery. In the wake of Covid-19 she leads an internal task force towards reopening strategies.
Each speaker shall present a personal reaction to future challenges and ambitions during a dedicated webinar. Towards the end, Mike Murawski, change leader and committed advocate for more equitable and community-centred museums shall present his reflections on the presentation and discussion. The webinars shall be moderated by Prof. Carmel Borg and Dr Sandro Debono from the Department of Arts, Open Communities and Adult Education, at the University of Malta.
We have asked speakers to react to the conference theme – ‘Shaping Museum Futures’ – through their very own lens, experience, advocacy and expertise. Knowing too well that this is the topic of the moment facing museums across the globe, the webinars shall hopefully contribute to the much-needed discussion about museums and their role in a post-COVID19 world.
The pre-conference webinar events precede the call for papers and posters for the conference ‘MUŻE.X – Shaping Museum Futures’ taking place in October 2021.
ORGANISERS
Carmel Borg, Sandro Debono, Joseph Vancell
COLLABORATORS
Valletta Cultural Agency, Conventions Malta
Ticket Information
Venue Information
Additional InformationTOKYO (AP) — Japan’s top automaker Toyota reported Thursday a 33% jump in second fiscal quarter profit, as it raised its full year forecast despite supply chain woes related to the coronavirus pandemic.
Toyota Motor Corp. recorded a 626.65 billion yen ($5.5 billion) profit for the July-September period, up from 470.5 billion yen the previous year. Quarterly sales rose 11% to 7.5 trillion yen ($66 billion).
Supply chain disruptions in computer chips caused by the pandemic’s impact have hurt all the world’s automakers. Toyota has also been forced to reduce production because of the problems.
Toyota officials said production was recovering, and the company was revving up to meet the strong demand for its models, including sport utility vehicles and other offerings with solid profit margins.
Toyota expects a profit of 2.49 trillion yen ($22 billion) for the fiscal year through March 2022, up 11% from 2.2 trillion yen the previous year.
The maker of the Prius hybrid, Camry sedan and Lexus luxury models had earlier expected a slightly lower 2.3 trillion yen ($20 billion) profit.
The cheap yen, which helps Japanese exporters like Toyota by raising the value of products sold overseas, boosted results, offsetting the damage from rising material costs.
Cost cuts also helped, as did the rising prices of used cars and the decline in incentives, according to Toyota.
But Toyota officials stressed they were not overly optimistic because the results would have been worse if it weren’t for the “tailwind” from the currency exchange perk.
Toyota, based in Toyota city in central Aichi prefecture, is expecting to sell 9.4 million vehicles for the full fiscal year, lower than an earlier projection given in May to sell 9.6 million vehicles, including Lexus models.
The challenge is keeping model prices down despite soaring raw material costs, even as increased investments are needed for developing technology on carbon neutrality, Chief Financial Officer Kenta Kon said.
Japanese rival Honda Motor Co. reports earnings Friday, while Nissan Motor Co. reports next week.
___
Yuri Kageyama is on Twitter
Copyright © 2021 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.Google is reportedly working on an app that can automatically authenticate with free Wi-Fi hotspots. The app, for iOS and Android, is said to be on trial at the company’s Mountain View headquarters and that the app could work with the hotspots in 7,000 US Starbucks stores when Google replaces the existing AT&T connections. Right now it looks like a limited test, but that could change soon.
Apparently the app will connect automatically, without requiring users to press any buttons or even agree to disclaimers each time they sign into a hotspot. It is also said that the app could extend to Boingo hotspot locations where Google pays for the access, and could use the existing Google account credentials to identify users instead of setting up a separate authentication system. That definitely sounds like Google.
Google has been exploring offering Wi-Fi for awhile now. In 2006, they even launched Google Wi-Fi with over 500 hotspots located at streetlights in Mountain View. Aside from that, Google seems to be working on improving the existing Google Wi-Fi service to cope with high demand and installing it in more places in the US and Canada.
Source Electronista
Latest Geeky Gadgets Deals
Disclosure: Some of our articles include affiliate links. If you buy something through one of these links, Geeky Gadgets may earn an affiliate commission. Learn more.Aurinia (AUPH) Surges 6.6%: Is This an Indication of Further Gains?
Aurinia (AUPH) saw its shares surge in the last session with trading volume being higher than average. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions may not translate into further price...
Aurinia Pharmaceuticals AUPH shares rallied 6.6% in the last trading session to close at $29.84. This move can be attributable to notable volume with a higher number of shares being traded than in a typical session. This compares to the stock's 20.5% gain over the past four weeks.
Shares of Aurinia Pharmaceuticals have been consistently surging, following reports of its proposed acquisition by pharma giant Bristol Myers Squibb. Earlier this year, Aurinia received FDA approval for the first drug in the company’s commercial portfolio, Lupkynis, to treat active lupus nephritis (LN), a disease that causes irreversible kidney damage. While the news is yet to be confirmed by either of the companies, investors remain optimistic about the deal as a potential acquisition of Aurinia will add a recently approved LN drug to Bristol Myers’ commercial portfolio.
This biotechnology company is expected to post quarterly loss of $0.31 per share in its upcoming report, which represents a year-over-year change of -10.7%. Revenues are expected to be $14.7 million, up 48906.7% from the year-ago quarter.
Earnings and revenue growth expectations certainly give a good sense of the potential strength in a stock, but empirical research shows that trends in earnings estimate revisions are strongly correlated with near-term stock price movements.
For Aurinia, the consensus EPS estimate for the quarter has remained unchanged over the last 30 days. And a stock's price usually doesn't keep moving higher in the absence of any trend in earnings estimate revisions. So, make sure to keep an eye on AUPH going forward to see if this recent jump can turn into more strength down the road.
The stock currently carries a Zacks Rank 3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today's Zacks Rank #1 
Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc (AUPH): Free Stock Analysis Report
To read this article on Zacks.com click here.
Zacks Investment ResearchFreeClix offer a suite of mobile solutions for any business size. We work with major network providers such as EE, O2 and Vodafone. This ensures we offer the very best pricing and services to our customers.
For more information on our available handsets and tariff options please click here or alternatively head over to our store.
Why Choose FreeClix for all your Mobile Requirements?
We offer a wide range of products and services to fulfil the mobile needs of organisations of all sizes.We supply business phones and devices, iPads, tablets, data dongles.
FANTASTIC VALUE
We use all the major carriers to ensure we get the right service for you, at the right price.
TAILORED TO YOU
We will create bespoke pricing plans based on your business needs so you get the perfect fit.
GREAT SUPPORT
Our technicians are on hand to help you when you need it for advice or assistance.
QUALITY ASSURED
Our processes are certified by ISOQAR for quality (ISO9001).copperhead·
Registered
Joined·
143 Posts
i just bought this 98 gt and the guys i bought it from showed me that there is a switch below the radio that controls the security system. if you lock the door from the inside and get out then come back, the theft light stays on. once you unlock the car with the key and open the door, the head and tailights start flashing. you then have to get in the car turn it to on flip the toggle sitch off athen on then start the car. what the hell is this? is there a way to get around it? suggestions pleaseChakwera says Malawi in labour pains for new birth: ‘Point of no return’
Malawi Congress Party(MCP) president Lazarus Chakwera has said the current hardships that the citizenry are facing are the labor pains of a new birth for the nation and that the signs are everywhere.
The MCP leader told a news conference in Lilongwe that he was however upbeat that the hardships signal a new dawn and that despite the anguish of the labor pains, Malawians have reached “a point of no return” in pushing to see a new Malawi delivered.
“We have finally realized that those of us who wish Malawi well far outnumber those who exploit her,” said Chakwera.
Chakwera remakrs comes as the Constitutional Court is set to deliver the much-awaited judgement on the disputed May 21 presidential election results between now to February 3.
The panel of High Court judges handling the case comprises Healey Potani, Ivy Kamanga, Dingiswayo Madise, Mike Tembo and Redson Kapindu.
Chakwera said Malawians’ lives have been put on hold since the elections and have experienced pain over the destruction to business of the protests.
He said the period since the elections has been hard on Malawians for also experiencing police brutality and has also cited the teachers’ strike as another source of hardship.
“It has been hard on you to be denied development, feeling the pain of being insulted and sidelined by politicians because of where you were born or where you live,” said Chakwera.
The MCP leader the country is facing hunger crisis and many Malawians are already feeling the pinch of the situation.
“It has been hard on you to be facing hunger yet again, feeling the pain of depleted maize reserves and the misuse of the 10 billion kwacha that was allocated to procure it,” he said.
Continue Chakwera: “In the face of such hardships, it can be all too easy to feel that all that was once good in our country is lost or that there is nothing good ahead that is worth fighting for. Indeed, there are some people, both domestic and foreign, who see these hardships as omens of a coming apocalypse.”
Chakwera has since praised judges of the Constitutional Court, ACB director, the military, the leaders of civil society, civil servants and many Malawians for upholding rule of law.
He also called upon all Malawians to welcome the eminent decision of the Constitutional Court in peace.Follow and Subscribe Nyasa TV :
Achimwene ngati mumadya zamukachisi opanda mantha. What more za munthu?
Ma comment enawa,basi kumangokhalira kunyoza anzanu basi,without offering alternatives?aliyense amene akusangala ndi dpp Ali mu magulu atatu
1 Amaba kuntchito ndiye sakuona kupweteka kwa economy
2 Amapindula direct ku dpp
3 amati president ndiwa mtundu wanga nde kaya zikuonongeka kaya chani,alinea nazo ntchito bola president Ali wa kwawo.
Chonde mukamapanga zoti lero zikuyenda mudziwe kuti Mulungu adzakupatsani moyo wautali kuti mudzaone zomwe mukanayenera kuchita muli mumaudindo.
yes indeed. Malawi is going to change beyond recognition. Chakwera together with Mia, Joyce Banda, Khumbo Kachali and Atupele Muluzi are going to get rid of corruption and nepotism. Malawi will become a corrupt free country as these people of high integrity will run this country and lead it into prosperity. kikikikiki.
kikikikik I think you don’t know the likes of Khumbo Kachali
MCP/PP alliance,what a joke! Mzimayi okubayi Ali mu MCP it’s only blind people from central region who can vote for such recorded corrupt shit! with or without rerun MCP is now even 24 ft under. Tembo left MCP at 12ft under. Chakwera/JB alliance has dug it 100% deeper!
Is this the same guy who was talking about blood shed a few months ago????? Ife timve ziti
Chakwera all these meetings will end soon,, they ended after the results came out last year and they have resurfaced again,,, hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha what a bloody joke,, and your fake accent gives me labour pains and diarrhoea same time!! FAKE GUY!
Where was this fake accent ex-reverend Nyolonyo Yona Chakwera talking this nonsense?
Have another meeting and explain CASHGATE
Chakwera you can say that since you are not being affected by the hardships….. You are the perpetrator of some of these hardships. Ndiwe galu kwabasi.
They just want him to calm down his heart,but Peter he will finish his termPerformance Machine
Performance Machine Vision Cam Cover for 2017-2021 Harley M8 Models - Black Ops
- SKU:
- 0940-1978
- UPC:
- MPN:
- 0177-2082M-SMB
- Availability:
- Ships Within 1 Business Day
Frequently bought together:
Description
New Vision style Cam Cover from Performance Machine allows you to view the internals of your bike. Add the Black Ops- The Fiscal
Challenge
- Finding
Solutionsback
Finding
Solutions
- What We're
Doing
- What You
Can Do
- Resource
Libraryback
Resource
Library
The Peter G. Peterson Foundation (“PGPF, ” “we” or “us”) is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of our visitors to our website (the “Site”). our Site. By using the Site, you accept this Privacy Policy, which may be updated by us at any time. Your continued use of the Site after any such modifications shall constitute your acceptance of this Privacy Policy as modified. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy for any reason, please do not use the Site. Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to the Site, and not to any other website linked to ours. We do not control the privacy policies or practices of others. We encourage you to ask questions and read the privacy policies of other websites before you disclose any personal information to them. This Privacy Policy does not concern your interaction with PGPF in any matter other than your use of, and does not address our privacy practices except with respect to, the Site.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, you can e-mail us at privacy@pgpf.org or write to us at Privacy, PGPF, 1383 Avenue of the Americas, P.O. Box 278, New York, NY 10019.
We collect personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information from you in a number of ways. “Personally identifiable information” (or “PII”) is information that personally identifies you, such as your name, telephone number, postal address and e-mail address (or other information that is associated by us with such information), and non-personally identifiable information is information that does not personally identify you, including anonymous information and aggregate data.
We use both types of information to understand better how visitors use our Site, research our visitors' demographics, interests, and behavior, provide visitors with customized services and information, improve our promotional and outreach efforts, and for other similar purposes. In addition, we may also use your personally identifiable information to contact you, through e-mail, postal mail, text messaging, and other means, and send you information regarding PGPF, our affiliates and our partners, and the issues as to which we aim to increase public awareness. PGPF reserves the right to use any PII in any manner permitted by law.
You may choose to opt-out of receiving information from us at any point.
We and our authorized designees collect information through the servers for the Site, cookies and other technologies. In general, we automatically gather certain information about our Site visitors, including the number and frequency of your visits, the URL of the last and next website you visit, your browser and operating system, your IP address, how long you spend on our Site and what pages you view here.
We use cookies to enhance the efficiency of user interaction with the Site, gain insight into and customize our visitors' use of our Site, and help maintain our Site. In addition, a number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously.
We use cookies to track usage on our Site. We use “session cookies” to help us “remember” you until the session times out, or the closing of your browser, which helps ensure that, if you are participating in our PGPF Blog, you remain logged into your account. Session cookies are automatically deleted from your hard drive after the end of a session. We may also use a “persistent cookie” which “remembers” you every time you come back to our Site, but only if you choose this option. The information collected through cookies and other technologies is not personally identifiable in and of itself.
We use third party service providers to facilitate our provision of the Site and related services. For example, Google Analytics is a service that uses cookies and tracking code to analyze how visitors use our Site. The information collected (including your browser and operating system, IP address, pages visited on our Site and time spent here) is transmitted to and stored by Google. Google uses this information to evaluate visitors' use of this Site in an aggregate manner, compile reports on website activity and provide other related services. Google may transfer this information to third parties that process information on its behalf or as required by law. You can read Google's privacy policy at.
We will not allow third parties other than our affiliates or service providers to place any cookies, web beacons or other similar devices on our Site. We do not control such devices that may be placed on our Site by third parties. We are not responsible for any other websites accessible from or linked to the Site, including their privacy policies or information collection practices.
We may also collect personally identifiable information from you as follows:
E-mail Newsletter and Updates: If you sign up on this Site to receive our e-mail newsletter and updates, we will collect, store and use your e-mail address to send you such information. We will also collect and store your name, as well as other personally identifiable information you may opt to provide to us, such as your postal address and telephone number.
Text messages: If you sign up to receive text messages from us, we will collect, store and use your mobile phone number to send you such messages. We will also collect and store your name, as well as other personally identifiable information you may opt to provide to us, such as your e-mail address and postal address.
User Accounts: If you sign up for a user account, to participate on our PGPF Blog or in other features we offer, we will collect and store certain personally identifiable information about you, including your name and e-mail address, and any other information you choose to provide to us. Such information will be visible to designated staff members of PGPF and our third-party website-services vendors, but not to other registered users or Site visitors (except to the extent you voluntarily provide any such information when you post your comments). When you provide such information, you will also be registered to receive e-mail updates, e-mail newsletters and text messages from PGPF.
User Comments and Content: Please be aware that any personal information you provide in connection with comments you contribute to the PGPF Blog, videos you upload to our Site, PGPF.
Grants: If you wish to submit an Initial Inquiry Form to submit an unsolicited grant concept to PGPF, you may choose to provide us with information that could be personally identifiable. Any personally identifiable information you provide to us in this regard will be viewed by PGPF only for the purpose of evaluating your application and/or responding to your grant-related inquiry.
Job Opportunities: You may choose to apply for employment or an internship position with PGPF through online application forms we may provide or by sending us, by e-mail or otherwise, a resume and letter (containing personally identifiable information). Any information you provide to us in this regard will be viewed by PGPF only for the purpose of evaluating your application and/or responding to your employment-related inquiry.
We may share non-personally identifiable information we collect for a variety of purposes. For instance, we may disclose aggregate, non-personally identifiable information about our Site Site, managing our databases, sending postal mail, e-mail, and text messages, analyzing data, and providing customer service. These companies and individuals may have access to and use your personally identifiable information we collect as needed to perform their respective functions, but will not otherwise disclose such information to other third parties, except as may be required by law. You can read the privacy policy of our website services provider, Grassroots Enterprise, Inc., at.
If PGPF merges with or transfers substantially all of its assets to another entity, PGPF has the right to share your personally identifiable information with that entity. We will make commercially reasonable efforts to provide you with.
The security of your information is important to us. We employ several different technical, administrative and physical security measures to protect your personally identifiable information from unauthorized access or use. You Site at your own risk.
We wish to maintain your information accurately, and to allow you to make choices about how we use it.
You you may access and update your information, and indicate whether you wish to opt out of receiving certain communications from us, by e-mailing us at privacy@pgpf.org or write to us at Privacy, PGPF, 1383 Avenue of the Americas, P.O. Box 278, e-mail or address listed above.
We do not track our visitors over time so that third parties (particularly advertisers) know you do not want to be tracked. You should consult the help pages of your browser to learn how to set your preferences so that websites do not track you.@pgpf.org or write to us at Privacy, PGPF, 1383 Avenue of the Americas, P.O. Box 278, New York, NY 10019, or call us at (212) 542-9200. access. By sending us your data, you consent to its transfer to and storage within the United States.
This Privacy Policy is governed by New York law. If we have a dispute regarding this policy or your use of this website, you agree that it shall be resolved solely in the state or federal courts located in the borough of Manhattan, New York City.
© 2015 Peter G. Peterson FoundationFilmmaker Farha Khatun bags her second National Award for capturing the extraordinary stories of Muslim women in film
The director trio talk about their collaboration for the Hindi anthology, Three Course Meal
In Tamil, there hasn’t been much success for films made from books, with a few rare exceptions
After Potluck’s success, filmmaker Rajshree Ojha is all set to make a film adapted from Jane Austen’s Sense and Sensibility
The short bagged the grand jury prize at the LA-based Best of India Short Film Festival and is awaiting theatrical release in the US
Rajnish was also one of the participants in the A Movie in 5 Days competition which is part of the TIFF
The first franchise under the academy, Remo Fusion Dance Studio, opens in Mumbai
The virtual experience will take the audience through the adventure of a safari
Filmmaker Praveen Menon wanted to help out those who are tired of eating out during the pandemic. So with his parents, he started ‘Meenu’s Lunch Box’
Poet and filmmaker Leena Manimekalai had moved the Madras High Court, challenging the impounding of her passport over criminal defamation case against #MeToo allegations
Find out more about the new dream abodes of the stars
“I started out as a media photographer; I was also acting and directing in a travelling theatre group,” she says
Filmmaker Jaume Collet-Serra speaks of the creative choices that went into bringing to life Disney’s latest feature, Jungle Cruise
Lucio Aniello won for directing the pilot episode of Hacks, while Jessica Hobbs earned the title of Outstanding Director - Drama for helming the fourth season finale of The Crown
Ra’s Metanoia by filmmaker Ram Alladi captures Gandhi in a non-linear tale
Search results 1 - 15 of 240This Valentine's Day, curl up with your lover, gay best friend, or a group of girl friends, and watch a flick that commemorates the timeless art of putting prose on paper. Here are some top-notch letter-writing movies celebrating both platonic and romantic love:
10. The Shop Around the Corner (1940) Klara (Margaret Sullavan) and Alfred (Jimmy Stewart) work together at a gift shop and can't stand each other. Their bickering is endless, yet at the same time they are falling in love through the letters they write as each other's anonymous pen pal.
9. You've Got Mail (1998) Fifty-eight years later, The Shop Around the Corner plot still holds water, except this time the two quarreling co-stars (Meg Ryan and Tom Hanks) are falling in love through e-mail. While e-mail isn't as romantic as a handwritten note, sweet nothings can certainly be sent through cyber space.
8. Atonement (2007) This movie isn't about letters (plural) but rather about one forbidden letter that changes everything between two lovers. Keira Knightly and James McAvoy are young and gorgeous in this well-styled period piece.
7. 84 Charing Cross Road (1987) Before Anthony Hopkins played a deranged serial killer, he played Frank P. Doel -- a London bookstore owner. In 1949 a woman named Helene Hanff (Anne Bancroft) wrote to Frank in search of obscure classics and British literature titles she was unable to find in New York City. The two began an epistolary friendship that lasted for twenty years, though they never meet in person.
6. Dear John (2010) An American solider (Channing Tatum) taking a short break from the war in Iraq falls for a college girl (Amanda Seyfried) while home. The two get to know each other through the countless letters they send. All is well until the solider receives the dreaded Dear John letter (twist: the character's name is John) and reenlists in the army as a way to veil his pain.
5. P.S. I Love You (2007) Holly (Hilary Swank) loses her husband Gerry (Gerard Butler) to a brain tumor and falls into a deep depression. Before he died, Gerry wrote Holly ten letters -- all signed P.S. I Love You -- encouraging her to open herself up to life and love again.
4. Letters to Juliet (2010) Although the plot of the movie is fictional, it is based on the reality that roughly 5,000 people (mostly American teenagers) write to Juliet Capulet in Verona, Italy every year and volunteers called "secretaries of Juliet" respond. In the movie, an American girl (Amanda Seyfried) on vacation in Italy finds an unanswered "letter to Juliet," and she goes on a quest to find the lovers referenced in the letter. (When I retire, I'm moving to Verona to be a secretary of Juliet!)
3. The Lake House (2006) A doctor (Sandra Bullock) buys a beautiful lake-side house once occupied by a handsome architect (Keanu Reeves), and the mailbox is magic. It enables the two to exchange letters through time -- they live about a year apart. They fall in love on paper and have to get clever if they're going to be together.
2. The Notebook (2004) Although the star of this movie is the Notebook written by Allie (Rachel McAdams) to help her remember the love story of her life as she fades into dementia, let us not forget that Noah (Ryan Gosling) wrote a letter to Allie every single day for one year. That is dedication! Allie's mother hid the letters, but try as she might she couldn't stop the love between her daughter and Noah.
1. Beaches (1988) CC (Bette Midler) and Hillary (Barbara Hershey) met as preteens on the beach in Atlantic City. The don't see each other again until they're in their mid-twenties, but they go through all of their adolescent angst together by writing letters. When Hillary dies tragically young, CC takes custody of her daughter Victoria. Remember: This is the movie that bring us the song "Wind Beneath my Wings." I dare anyone not to cry while it's playing.Assorted Indian Snacks – Vegetable Pakora, Samosa, Chicken Tikka and Seek Kebab
Lamb Tikka – Marinated leg of lamb pieces
Spinach Naan – Leavened bread, stuffed with grated homemade cheese and chopped spinach and Naan – Leavened bread of fine flour
Aloo Gobhi – Fresh cauliflower and potatoes cooked with fresh onions, tomatoes and exotic spices, Curry Chicken – A traditional boneless chicken cooked in onions, tomatoes, ginger, garlic and exotic spices, and Butter Chicken – Boneless pieces of chicken marinated in ginger and garlic, cooked in a butter-tomato sauce
So I pretty much disappeared for a while after Christmas to New Years since I was celebrating my holidays up at Whistler! Sadly I didn’t get many pictures of food up there as we didn’t eat out much or I was too hungry to bother taking pictures. So this is the only post about food up at Whistler! Last dinner before we left, we decided to have a nice Indian cuisine dinner at Tandoori Grill. About a 15 minute walk from where we lived and situated in the Village, we were all starving to get some good food. We had made reservations ahead of time, which probably was a good idea as it was quite packed. To our surprise, it was a really quiet with dimmed lights and probably one the more fancy restaurants up at Whistler. Excuse my poor lighting pictures, as it was very dim inside and I only had a phone to take pictures! Food was quite delicious although portions were on the smaller side for the price. But then again, it’s about quality over quantity! I especially liked the assorted indian snacks as we got to sample a little of each, and the lamb was also very good. It came in a sizzling plate and had just enough spice. We asked for mild for all our dishes, but even so, the more we ate, it got a little too spicy for me to handle! Great place to have a lovely dinner up at Whistler!People also ask, can you predict minecraft enchantments? According to the wiki page, the names of enchantments are strings of 3-5 words picked at random from a predetermined library, then translated into the Standard Galactic Alphabet. As I see it, there is absolutely no way to tell what enchantment you will get.
Likewise, how do you know if you have a level 30 enchantment table? You can make the enchantment table more powerful using bookshelves. Surrounding the table with bookshelves will give you access to higher enchantment levels, up to maximum level of 30. To reach level 30, you’ll need 15 bookshelves total.
Also know, how do you change what enchantment you get? As enchantments offered depend on the enchantment level and the enchantment level depends on the number of active bookshelves, an easy way to change the enchantments offered is to disable bookshelves by placing torches between them and the enchantment table.
Another frequent question is,.Do looting and fortune give more xp? No. There is no mechanic in vanilla Minecraft that changes the amount of XP you is the maximum enchantment level?
lvl: The level of the enchantment, where 1 is level 1. Values are clamped between 0 and 255 when reading. This means that the maximum enchantment level is 255.
How many bookshelves do you need for level 100?
The answer is 15. You need at least 15 bookshelves in proximity of the enchantment table to get maximum power. More than that is just window dressing.
How do you get fortune 3?
- You need and enchantment table which is fully leveled to 30.
- Get to level 30.
- Get a pickaxe of your liking.
- Then you put the pickaxe in the enchanting table and if luck goes your way you will get fortune.
What’s the max amount of bookshelves for enchanting?
15 bookshelves will max out your enchanting table. The ideal position of the bookshelves is a square of 15 placed in a 5×5-block outline, with the enchantment table in the middle.
What is Aqua affinity?
Aqua Affinity is a helmet enchantment that increases underwater mining speed.
Can you enchant a shield?
You can enchant a shield that you are holding by using the /enchant command. For example, you can use the /enchant command to enchant the shield that the player called DigMinecraft is holding with Unbreaking III.
What does luck of the sea do in MC?
Luck of the Sea – Increases rate of fishing rare loot (enchanting books, etc.) (Max enchantment level: 3) Lure – Decreases wait time until fish/junk/loot “bites” (Max enchantment level: 3)
Is there a level 50 enchantment?
You just have to keep trying and be patient. From the wiki: This means that even with max benefit from bookshelves you’ll still only see level 50 enchants very rarely.
How many bookshelves do you need for silk touch?
You can get bookshelves by using some tools with Silk Touch enchantment. You need to have nine bookshelves to get Silk Touch enchantment for your Minecraft at level 17. That is the maximum power level to get Silk Touch in Minecraft.BARESOUL - Combo Best Kisser – 10gr
300 000 ₫
* BENEFITS:
– Lip Tint & Cheek:.
– Lip Balm & Mask: Feel your lips feel.
Out of stock
Ingredients / How to Use
* INGREDIENTS:
– Lip Tint & Cheek:.
– Lip Balm &:
– Lip Tint & Cheek: Apply a light, thin layer to lips or cheeks for a natural tint.
– Lip Balm & Mask: Apply a thin or thick layer to help lips soft naturally smooth.
* STORAGE: in cool, dry place, away from direct sunlight.
Only logged in customers who have purchased this product may leave a review.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Property Attributes
- MLS#21783686
- TypeIncome
- CountyLOS ANGELES
- CityLos Angeles
- AreaMid Los Angeles
- Zip90006
- Style
- Price$ 2,190,000
- Bedrooms15
- Full Bathrooms8
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage5258
- Lot Size6,803 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Peter Strauss with Iconic Investments - 747-444-3303
Data Source:
California Regional MLS (CRMLS) - 25 - CA
Property Description
Iconic Investments is pleased to offer for sale 1315 S. Catalina St., a 7-unit apartment building located in the Pico-Union submarket of Los Angeles. Built in 1908 with additional units added in 2012 & 2021, 3 of the 7 units are not subject to Los Angeles City RSO. The unit mix is 1 one-bed/one-bath, 5 two-bed/one-bath and 1 four-bed/two bath units. 4 of the 7 units have been recently updated with new hardwood floors, kitchen cabinets & countertops, bathrooms, fixtures, lighting, stainless steel appliances and split-system air conditioning/heating units. In addition, the other 3 units were newly constructed in 2012 & 2021 and new at that time. The property is individually metered for both gas and electric, and the tenants pay for trash. All units have individual water heaters. Unit numbers 5 & 6 were built in 2012 allowing for 10% annual rent increases.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolmDialog is expanding its offering of high-res online programming content, and has rolled out a new pay-per-download engine that helps filmmakers and content owners generate revenue. The new revenue system is expected to debut in beta form sometime in February.
mDialog is a Web-based service that that enables filmmakers and other content producers to encode and upload video for distribution over the Internet. The video is encoded using h.264 (Advanced Video Codec, or AVC), which works on PCs, Macs, video-capable iPods and iPhones, among other devices.
New high-res originally developed content mDialog will be providing includes Tagline, a mockumentary series about life in the advertising industry; Cooking To Get Lucky, a “humorous take on cooking;” and Psyched, a new series on sports psychology.
mDialog will also be showing new series including Do You Believe Me, aimed at tweens and teens, as well as UNICEF Television, programming from around the world aimed at children and young adults.
The pay-per-download model provides 60 percent of revenue for producers, who are able to incorporate product placement and sponsorship into their programming.
Note: When you purchase something after clicking links in our articles, we may earn a small commission. Read our affiliate link policy for more details.Practical, reliable “real world” measures of cognition are needed to supplement neurocognitive performance data to evaluate possible efficacy of new drugs targeting cognitive deficits associated with schizophrenia. Because interview-based measures of cognition offer one possible approach, data from the MATRICS initiative (n=176) were used to examine the psychometric properties of the Schizophrenia Cognition Rating Scale (SCoRS) and the Clinical Global Impression of Cognition in Schizophrenia (CGI-CogS).
Ventura J, Reise SP, Keefe RS, Baade LE, Gold JM, Green MF, Kern RS, Mesholam-Gately R, Nuechterlein KH, Seidman LJ, Bilder RM. The Cognitive Assessment Interview (CAI): Development and validation of an empirically derived, brief interview-based measure of cognition. Schizophrenia Research, 2010; 121(1-3): 24-31.Edward P. Allen
Edward Payson Allen (October 28, 1839 – November 25, 1909) was a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.
Biography Congresses, serving from March 4, 1887 to March 3, 1891. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1890 to the Fifty-second Congress.
After leaving Congress, Allen resumed the practice of law and was a member of the State board of agriculture 1897-1903 and was again mayor of Ypsilanti in 1899 and 1900. He was a member of the State soldiers’ home board 1903-1909. Allen died from a stroke in Ypsilanti and is interred in Highland Cemetery there.
References
- United States Congress. "Edward P. Allen (id: A000119)". Biographical Directory of the United States Congress. Retrieved on 2009-04-11
- The Political Graveyard
- Michigan lawyers
- Members of the Michigan House of Representatives
- Members of the United States House of Representatives from Michigan
- People of Michigan in the American Civil War
- Politicians from Ypsilanti, Michigan
- 1839 births
- 1909 deaths
- Eastern Michigan University alumni
- Michigan Republicans
- University of Michigan Law School alumni
- Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
- 19th-century American politicians
Under 18-year-olds in the Surbiton area were invited to take part in a summer exhibition by the cornerHOUSE art centre. Now their artwork is being shown in a virtual gallery on the Douglas Road arts centre’s website. “We wanted to celebrate the vast creative skills and talents of our younger community so we opened ourDuring the pandemic period, humankind faced many problems and this situation caused many phenomena in human life to be interrogated. Despite claims that began with the limits of fundamental growth in the 1970s, there is still thimbleful testimony that the human population and economic growth will outpace their capacity to grow food or purchase critical resources in the estimative future. There is no risk of people being deprived of sufficient farmland for food with the right management. The necessary resources for human welfare can be found when given abundant land and the required energy. In the meantime, climate change, ozone depletion, ocean pollution, air pollution, and water shortages continue. The most important justification for these problems is unplanned urbanization in the world. For the first time in human history, half of the global population resides in towns. 70% of the population is expected to live in towns by 2050. Towns cover only one to three percent of the world level and are home to about 4 billion people in the world.
Ecosystems are under threat around the world today. People will always depend on nature. In this framework, the current capitalist order results in a world in which more natural destruction and people’s living spaces are rapidly diminishing every day. Within this context, modernization is not brutal capitalism and laissez-faire model, but rather the long-term evolution towards greatly improved material welfare of social, economic, political, and technological regulation, public health, economic integration, resource productivity, shared infrastructure, and personal improvement. Separating human welfare from environmental influences requires a continued commitment to technological progress, and the ongoing evolution of social, economic, and political institutions is alongside these changes. Modernization processes are far from complete even in advanced economies. Today’s technologies offer very easy and attractive investment opportunities. With current technologies, people can get an education, produce and very effectively open up to world markets wherever they are.
It is necessary to develop investment policies in the fields of education, tourism, social facilities, and employment to return from the big towns to the rural areas all over the world. In this context, I would like to mention Bülent Ecevit’s Village-Town project. This project adopts both the urban lifestyle and the peasant production model. This Project focused on facilities and infrastructure services concentrated in the most convenient centers among the village groups for increasing productivity in agriculture, the villagers’ ability to benefit more from social services, and the development of an agricultural-based industrialization movement. These centers would enable the dispersed villages to gather spontaneously in time and the regularity of the urbanization movement. At the same time, the flow of overpopulation to big towns would automatically slow down and interregional justice would be realized in urbanization and distribution of industry (Can Osman Aksoy Youtube Channel, 2020).
Since these centers, called Village-town, would be connected to the surrounding villages by roads, the villagers would benefit from the services in these centers easily. The peasant cooperatives in the surrounding would dominate the economic and social life of the village towns. Agricultural machinery workshops, health and education institutions, vocational courses, all kinds of culture, sports and entertainment facilities would be concentrated in village-towns. Thus, the peasant would be able to create their own cities. Hidden unemployed members of families whose land is insufficient to support themselves and agricultural workers who might be unemployed due to the improvement in agricultural technology priority would be given for work in the small industry established in their region.
Former Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit participated in the election with this project and increased the party voting rate to %41.4 in 1977 local elections. This rate of votes went down in history as the highest rate of votes won by a left-wing party in multi-party political life. He became prime minister by establishing a new government in 1978. However, a year later the government was overthrown and the project was shelved. When we came to 1999, he came out as the first party in the elections and became prime minister again as a result of his coalition. During this period, he carried out this project in Mesudiye village of Ordu, a small settlement on the Black Sea coast. As part of the project, 9 villages united and migration from the city to the village started. The population of the village has increased by 30% in 2 years. The slogan of the project was quite striking: it is not the villages that will unite, but the power of the peasants!
The World Bank has allocated a loan of 300 million dollars for the project. With this loan, it was aimed to put the project into practice in 3000 villages (Hürriyet, 2002). However, due to the fall of the government after the 2001 economic crisis, the project could not be realized and this loan could not be used (Hürriyet, 2003). In the general elections, AK Party and Recep
Tayyip Erdogan came to power alone. That was the last days of Bülent Ecevit. He stayed in the hospital and he was very old. His last request from Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who came to visit him, was to continue this project. However, AK Parti government shelved this project (Çağlayan, 2016).
The project is not implemented in Turkey. However, a miniature of the project is available in the USA. Futurist Jacque Fresco, who lived in Istanbul for a while, was inspired by this project of Ecevit and implemented a project called “Venus Project”. He focused on the transition to a resource-based economy, renewable cities, energy efficiency, and natural resource management. This organization was started in 1995 by Jacque Fresco and Roxanne Meadows (Corporation Wiki, 2016). Venus, which is the name for the Venus Project, is a research center in Florida with an area of 85,000 m2 near Okeechobee Lake (Autity31 Youtube Channel, 2009). The Venus Project was established with the idea that the cause of poverty, famine, all kinds of corruption in society, crime, and wars is a profit-based economic system. Jacque Fresco theorized that when we get rid of the profit-based economic system, it will provide more resource abundance and therefore more products for more people and eliminate famine, poverty, and hunger. (Meta Magazine, 2009).
The pandemic process has once again shown us that the unplanned urbanization we live in cannot be sustained any longer. Towns have filled their capacity. A sustainable lifestyle will be needed after the pandemic, but how? Humankind’s need for projects such as Ecevit’s Village- Town project and Fresco’s Venus project continues to increase day by day. These projects can be updated and implemented. Who can guarantee that the world will not encounter a new, more virulent virus after the pandemic? If there were villages-towns all over the world, would we need to be afraid of the epidemic? A virus emerging in Wuhan with a population of 10 million spread to the world in a short time. Can you imagine that this virus originated in Tokyo with a population of 37 million, or Delhi with a population of 31 million, or Shanghai with 27 million? How can you quarantine these cities? This is not possible. But you can quarantine village-towns with a population of 30-40 thousand easily.
Another reason to review the urbanization style is natural disasters, especially earthquakes. A significant rate of those who lost their lives as a result of these natural events lives in towns. These losses can be minimized in village-town projects where horizontal architecture prevails. Besides, resources should be used efficiently in the global climate change process. Post-pandemic settlement models should be designed with the claim of zero waste. It’s much easier to do something from scratch than to change an existing one. And nowadays there are many opportunities for this. For example, in today’s world, there are nearly 300 million asylum seekers and refugees. A significant rate of these people live in refugee camps and their contribution to production is out of the question. They struggle for life in very difficult conditions. Many international organizations, especially the European Union, fund many projects related to refugees. However, it is a big question mark to what extent these projects are permanent and produce solutions to problems. I think the village-town project can be tested at a refugee camp in Greece or Lebanon. Why not?
Çağdaş DUMAN, Ph.D. Candidate
Apple Is Dominating The Wearables Market, (2009). Meta Magazine.- magazine.com/?id=22, Date Accessed: 1 January 2021.
Atatürk’ün Projesini Devam Ettiren Başbakan Kimdi?, (1 Temmuz 2020). Can Osman Aksoy Youtube Channel,, Erişim Tarihi: 1 Ocak 2021.
Çağlayan, S. (9 Kasım 2016). Erdoğan’ın Bülent Ecevit’e Verdiği Ve Tutmadığı Söz Neydi?, Oda TV,- 0911161200.html, Erişim Tarihi: 1 Ocak 2021.
Ecevit’in Köy-Kent’i İçin Dünya Bankası Kredisi Yolda, (21 Ağustos 2002). Hürriyet,- 92660, Erişim Tarihi: 1 Ocak 2021.
Jacque Fresco On The Future, (15 October 2007). Forbes,- cx_1015fresco.html?sh=1a2fb018607f, Date Accessed: 1 February 2021.
Köy-Kent Projesi İptal, (1 Mart 2003). Hürriyet,– kent-projesi-iptal-38546519, Erişim Tarihi: 1 Şubat 2021.
The Venus Project, Inc. Overview, (23 March 2016). Corporation Wiki., Date Accessed: 1 February 2021.
The Venüs Project: Beyond Politics, Poverty and War, (2009).üs_Projesi, Data Accessed: 1 February 2021.
The Venus Project On Fox News 7, (9 March 2009). Audity31 Youtube Channel., Date Accessed: 1 February 2021.Elder Care Home Finder
Discuss your care needs
0333 305 9326
0333 305 9326
Find a care home in Lambrook
Care homes in Lambrook
Fir Villa Residential Home
Camel Street, Marston Magna, Yeovil, BA22 8DB
Fir Villa provides accommodation and personal care for up to 20 residents. Accommodation is provided on two floors. The upper floor is accessible by a stairlift....... June 2016, Riverside Nursing Home received an overall ratin......Offers Virtual Services
Tricky Magic
Victoria, BC
Magician / Family Entertainment
22 miles from Port Angeles
17 Verified Bookings
William Y. said “Great performance and highly recommend for all ages . 5 yr olds to adults loved show”
Your list is empty.
Save musicians, entertainers, speakers, and services, and they’ll appear here.
Receive FREE no-obligation quotes.
We need some additional information to ensure we find the perfect vendor for your event!
Offers Virtual Services
William Y. said “Great performance and highly recommend for all ages . 5 yr olds to adults loved show”
Erin M. said “We booked Jim and June for our company picnic and they were fantastic! June's face painting is the best I've seen, and Jim quietly wound his way around…”
Offers Virtual Services
Dave M. said “Ms. Black wowed the crowd, a mix of corporate representatives, lobbyists, and lawyers, at our association holiday party, and wowed our party planners…”
Each deign is customized to you. Experience a beautiful comination of art, nature and the shared touch.
Twyla B. said “Your stage show for our parents 65th wedding anniversary was wonderful!!! Everyone enjoyed it....and the close-up magic at the table was awesome!! Thank…”
Luis L. said “We originally booked Emily for a birthday party for 20 something 5-year old kids. She arrived early and painted through the two hour party without taking…”
Offers Virtual Services
Masha V. said “Such a great surprise. The custom song is the way to go!”
Mary H. said “Our event was a complete success. From the time we requested a quote through end of the event, I would describe our experience as very professional. Phil…”
Offers Virtual Services
PortaPixie offers wedding photo booths and selfie kiosks throughout Northwest Washington. Our open-air booths do a lot of cool stuff including GIFs, slow motion… Port Angeles, Washington above.
Please note that these Family Entertainment may also travel to Carlsborg, Joyce, Sequim, Metchosin, Sooke, and Milnes Landing.FOB Reference Price:
Get Latest Price
Sand sieving machine manufacturers, suppliers exporters , chennai - 600 073 , sand sewing machin 20 nos 13 , re-inforcement bar bending machine more details get price sewage treatment pretreatment may include a sand or grit channel or chamber, where
Buy sand sieving machine manufacturers chennai.Buy sand sieving machine manufacturers chennai business listings of sand screening machine manufacturers suppliers and exporters in coimbatore tamil nadu along with their contact details address find here sand screening machine suppliers manufacturers wholesalers traders with sand screening machine prices for buying.
M sand supplier in tamil nadu.M sand manufacturing machine makers in tamil nadu sand blasting machine suppliers, sand blasting machine coimbatore is situated in the west of tamil nadusand dryer machine manufacturers in tamilnadu sand screening machine in chennai pecindia.Insand sieving in bangalore grinding mill.
Screening machine.Sand screed sand screening machine we are counted among the renowned manufacturers and suppliers of sand screed in new delhi india these sand screed are widely used in construction owing to their superior quality long service life and consistent performance the sand screed are easy to operate, fast and provide total convenience while consuming low power.
Page 2 of construction equipments in india.List of construction equipment manufacturers india, construction machinery manufacturers india, construction equipment machinery suppliers india and construction equipment machinery hirers and rentals in india.
Crusher machine manufacturers chennai.Second hand vsi crushers uk.Gold mineing rock crushers.How to count mesh in dolomite powder.Stone crusher for sale in sale georgia.Dolomite crusher for sale saudi.Old rock crusher for sale.Jaw crusher manufacturers in rajasthan.Used sand dredging equipment.Crushed limestone for sale in pa.Stone.
For production of aggregate, similar investment schemes can be used as valuable references which can make you have a rough idea of scheme design, model selection of machines, construction, operation and investment returns for your future projects. online quote. screening cum washing machine.This unit combines the operations of screening and cleaning of sand.Read more.Sand screening cum washing machine.Sand screening cum washing plant.This is essentially an extension of the usswm-6.Read more.Sand screening cum washing plant..
No 1, 1st street, kamaraj avenue near globus, adyar, chennai 04424315415 9840077327 screen printing engraved screen manufacturers , gravure cylinder manufacturers , flexo plate procession manufacturers , base shell manufacturers , embossing machine manufacturers , printing machine manufacturers.
Material handling equipment.Sharp business acumen and the desire for to win over the competitive market world has made our company leading name in the filed of production and export of material handling equipment, including conveyors, elevators and lorry loaders stackers.
Shed for sand making crushers.50 long,40 wide 25-18 height 100per sq.Ft 2,00,000 base for vibratory screen 100per sq.Ft 2,50,000 foundation for jaw crusher and sand crusher and vibratory screen, edge trimming machine and dust separating unit.866 cft.
We vardhaman engineering are established in the year 2010.We are engaged in manufacturing, supplying,exporting and distributing construction machines to our clients.These products are used in various industrial applications and gives excellent results in the usage.
Manufacturers of iron ore crushers with.Iron ore mobile crushing and screening units manufacturers 200 tph iron ore mobile crushing screening plant in india.Mobile crushertph manufacturers in india.How to find copper ore tph typical mobile crusher screening.
Construction equipments in india.List of construction equipment manufacturers india, construction machinery manufacturers india, construction equipment machinery suppliers india and construction equipment machinery hirers and rentals in india..Today marks the 9th anniversary of OnFiction!
Just wanted to take a moment to thank all of you readers for supporting us all these years. We've managed almost 650 posts so far and hopefully you have enjoyed reading them just as much as we've enjoyed writing them. A huge thanks as well to all of our contributors!
Looking forward and moving forward...
(Painting: 'Miss Auras, The Red Book' by Sir John Lavery)
3 comments:
Congratulations. How prescient. On Friday I delivered a first year undergraduate lecture on academic writing for Psychology and I mentioned how students could learn much from clear, concise literary masters such as Hemmingway and the non-fiction/essays of Orwell. Keen to read more academic articles on fiction and cognitive science. Might find a way to integrate this into my cognitive psychology, ageing, neuro-developmental disorder research interests.
I thought Keith Oatley had a Sussex connection, I received an awesome undergraduate education from COGS (1992-1995) :)
Best wishes,
Darren
Dear Darren, Thanks very much for this comment. Yes, it's good we have been able to keep going for nine years with OnFiction. We started as a writing group, and metamorphosed in OnFiction when some people moved away from Toronto; but some of us are still here. Glad to hear, too, that you are lecturing on the psychology of academic writing. Part of our job, I think, is to make the writing of psychology more like the writing of literature. And you are right. I was a faculty member in Experimental Psychology at Sussex from 1967-1986. And a few months ago, I went back (first time for years) to give a colloquium. It was on the psychology of empathy and fiction. Glad you had a good time in COGS. Best Keith
Thank you so much for sharing this post.♦ Zones: 6 - 11 Height: 48 - 60" Exposure: Full Sun ♦
Grayer foliage makes a nice combination with the large pink tubular flowers. Foliage is lemon scented and flowers are reported to have a fruity taste. Carefree and drought tolerant once established. Equally good in the border, and as a candidate for container growing. The better the drainage the happier the plant. Attractive to hummingbirds and butterflies, with wonderfully spicy fragrant licorice scented foliage. Most will self sow to spread, so deadhead to prevent seeding. Cut to about 6" in late fall and remove debris. Remove unwanted seedlings in spring.Nora Haworth (born 1907)
Nora's biography
This collaborative biography is for you to show & tell Nora's life so that she is always remembered.
Ethnicity & Lineage
Nationality & Locations
Education
Religion
Baptism
Professions
Personal Life
Military Service
Average Age
Life Expectancy
View other bios of people named Nora Haworth
Family Tree
Nora's Family Tree
Friends
Friends can be as close as family. Add Nora's family friends, and her friends from childhood through adulthood.
Photos
Photos and snapshots taken of Nora Haworth, her Haworth family, and locations and places or events from her life.
Leave a comment to ask questions, share information, or simply to show that you care about Nora.
Obituary
We do not have a death date according to our records. This person may be alive.
1907 World Events
In 1907, in the year that Nora Haworth 1951, on June 25th, CBS began broadcasting in color. There were well over 10 million televisions by that time. The first show in color was a musical variety special titled "Premiere". Hardly anyone had a color TV that could see the Nora Haworths
Other Haworths
Other Biographies
Stunning.)
- Price:
- $1,799,999
- Bedrooms:
- 4
- Full Baths:
- 5
- Half Baths:
- 2
- Three Quarter Baths:
- 2
- Square Footage:
- 5,060
- Acreage:
- 0.64
- Year Built:
- 2021
- Listing ID #:
- 2422508
- Street Address:
- 1294 Kelso Pl
- City:
- Colorado Springs
- State:
- Colorado
- 80921
- County:
- El Paso
- Subarea:
- The Farm
- Listing Status:
- Active
- Listing Type:
- Single Family
-:
- 2021
-:
- $155
- Association Fee Payment Frequency:
- Monthly
- Hoa Fee Includes:
- Covenant Enforcement, Snow Removal, Trash Removal
- Property Taxes:
- $2,927
- Tax Year:
- 2020
-
Source: CINC
- Listing provided by Bold Street Properties
Similar Properties
$1,900,000
Virtual Tour
11 Pourtales Rd, Colorado Springs, CO 80906
4 Beds | 5 Baths
$1,800,000
Virtual Tour
2702 Old Broadmoor Rd, Colorado Springs, CO 80906
4 Beds | 5 BathsThe Abhishek Kapoor directed film stars Vaani Kapoor and Ayushmann Khurrana in the lead and is scheduled to release next month.
Ayushmann Khurrana essays a cross-functional athlete in Abhishek Kapoor’s film
Doctor G gets a release date. Read to find out...
The social drama will go on floors in November in Lucknow
The film, to be directed by debutant Anirudh Iyer, is billed as a slick actioner with an offbeat satirical sense of humour
Ayushmann Khurrana currently awaits the release of his three films Anek, Chandigarh Kare Aashiqui and Doctor G.
Ayushmann said: "The internet, as we know, is a double-edged sword.
Ayushmann Khurrana would like to define his personal style as a balanced mix of the classic and the experimental
Ayushmann says experiencing the beauty of Kaziranga National Park and Shillong was an eye-opening moment
Ayushmann Khurrana and Anubhav Sinha's latest collaboration, Anek, gets a release date.
Ayushmann and Vaani's release date
Filmmaker Anubhav Sinha has roped in international action director Stefan Richter for the forthcoming Ayushmann Khurrana-starrer Anek.
Search results 1 - 15 of 68Tribunal Fees
Key legislation explained in one easy-to-read update.
In July 2017 the Government lost a landmark legal case brought by UNISON, bringing an end to Tribunal fees and removing a big barrier to claims by employees.
Click the link below to download the free guide explaining Tribunal fees.Download GuideThe History of the VMS
The Evolution of Contingent Labor Supply Chain Management
Today’s concept of Supply Chain Management evolved in the 1980s, with organizations establishing processes to manage not only inventory distribution and data capture, but also the relationships that accompany them. Within the contingent labor industry, these programs are known as managed service programs (MSPs). In the late 1990s, optimization efforts took the next step and automated these programs with vendor management systems (VMSes).
This is more important now than ever, as research has shown that contingent workers make up almost half of the U.S. workforce. Worldwide, estimates show that the investment in contingent workers will continue to grow, reaching $400 billion annually by 2018.
Staffing Industry Analysts’ 2015 Contingent Buyers Survey (companies with more than 1,000 employees) found that the 67% of the organizations surveyed have plans to grow their contingent workforce over the next 2 years.
The usage of contingent workers and investment into those workers has grown dramatically over the past 5 years and will continue on a fast-track trajectory over much of the next decade.
Wedding - { Engagement }
Engagement Party, Engagement Party Ideas, Engagement Rings, Engagement Party Decorations, Engagement Party Favors, Engagement Sash, Engagement Announcement…
More
·
3,911 Pins
28w
Collection by
Amys Bubbling Boutique
Similar ideas popular now
1.25ct Marisol Ruby Halo Diamond Engagement Ring (Size 5.75)
[ringsize="5-7.25"] Bold and eye-catching, this gorgeous one of a kind ruby diamond engagement ring has vintage vibes mixed with a modern halo made with diamonds from Canada. - Ready to ship as a size 5.75 with limited resizing available- Center stone: 1.25ct ruby- Halo: 0.36 tcw diamonds Canadian-origin brilliant cut white diamonds- Metal: 14K yellow gold We offer ring sizers for those unsure of their size. td {border: 1px solid #ccc;}br {mso-data-placement:same-cell;}
Gray Moissanite Diamond Engagement Eternity Ring - 9
This pieces has been inspired by natural forms. 2.0 Carat Gray Color Moissanite Center Stone ( Round 8 mm, I2-Clarity, Ex-Cut, Ex-Polish, VG-Symmetry) in 14K White Gold. Please remember that you can customize this ring in any way you would like in 3D. As well please remember it takes up to 14 days to make and ship this item.
14k Emerald Cut Illusion Halo Setting Engagement Ring
Item Details Made to Order. Gold KT: 14K Custom Gold Color: Rose Gold, Yellow Gold, White Gold Baguette Diamond: 9 Pcs Total CTW: 0.55 Length & Height: 8.5MM x 6.75MM Diamond Color-Clarity: F Color VVS Clarity Setting Type: Invisible Claw SettingIt's been a wild ride for Wall Street, and that includes those firms (not necessarily actually hanging shingles on the Street) who manage CMBS and underwrite REITs. So far this year, CMBS volume is up more than 250% over the first half of 1997, and almost $23 billion more has been slated for the third quarter. During the first six months of 1998, REIT financings are up over first-half 1997, too.
On the following pages, with the help of Commercial Mortgage Alert, we outline which firms were most active during the first half of 1998 in the CMBS and REIT arenas. Along with the rankings are miniprofiles of some of the most active firms.
Topping the lists on the CMBS side, Morgan Stanley is No. 1 lead manager, with nine deals totaling $9.3 billion, as well as No. 1 on the ranking of lead- and co-managers, with 12 deals totaling $13.4 billion.
Morgan Stanley also comes in as the No. 2 investment bank in unsecured REIT financings and unsecured REIT debt and as the No. 3 agent for REIT medium-term notes.
Merrill Lynch leads the pack in REIT financing, ranking No. 1 with $4.7 million of unsecured REIT financing overall and No. 1 in terms of unsecured REIT debt (14 deals totaling $3.6 billion as lead manager, and 21 deals totaling $5.4 billion as lead- and co-manager).
Merrill Lynch also came in second in the ranking of CMBS lead- and co-managers, with $10 billion issued during the first half.
Another powerhouse, Lehman Brothers did top the list of agents for REIT medium-term notes, with $210 million during the first half of 1998. And the firm ranked second on the list of CMBS lead managers, with 8.5 deals totaling more than $8 billion during the first half of the year. o
Bear Stearns, 245 Park Avenue New York, NY 10167 212-272-2000, FAX: 212-272-3092
Bear Stearns has rapidly emerged as one of the leading investment banks to the real estate industry, providing comprehensive investment banking, capital markets and advisory services.
The company moved slowly into commercial mortgage backed securities, doing only $465.8 million last year. This year, however, Bear Stearns has already been lead manager on $1 billion of CMBS and expects to do $2 billion before the year is out. The company's investment banking group draws on Bear Stearns' debt and equity trading, sales, contract finance and research capabilities to deliver a broad range of products. About two years ago, the company centralized its real estate investment banking business into the Real Estate, Gaming, Lodging and Leisure Investment Banking Group (REGAL).
REGAL has been royally active advising on the buy-side of the $13.8 billion Starwood Lodging Trust-ITT Corp. merger, $322 million hotel portfolio sale involving Sunstone Hotel Investors and Kahler Realty Corp., $420 million Colony-Harveys deal, and $990 million Equity-RFS acquisition. On the sell side, Bear Stearns advised on the $1.8 billion Blackstone Group-Host Marriott transaction, $485 million Patriot American Hospitality-Carnival Hotel & Casinos-Gencom American transaction, $600 million CAPREIT-Equity Residential Properties Trust deal, $360 million Mark Centers Trust-Arcadia merger, $513 million Servico-Impac Hotel Group combination, and $132 million Prime Hospitality-Homegate Hospitality merger. The company was also lead manager on a $288 million convertible preferred offering and a $150 million unsecured notes offering for Glenborough Realty Trust Inc.; $110 million convertible TIPS and $105 million concurrent follow-on equity offering for Central Parking; and $120 million high-yield, debt offering for Hard Rock Cafes.
Key REGAL personnel include Thomas Flexner, senior managing director and such managing directors as Keith Locker, Brent Bickett, Thomas Harney, Lawrence Henry, George Kallop, Ralph Rose and John Waldron. James Reichek, senior managing director, and Christopher Hoeffel, managing director, are key staff for the Commercial Mortgage Group.
BT Alex. Brown Inc., 130 Liberty Street New York, NY 10006 212-250-2361, FAX 212-669-0752,
The merger of Bankers Trust and Alex. Brown took place last September resulting in a new name and a strong commitment to such real estate investment banking activities such as debt equity, mergers and acquisition, financial advisory, direct investment, investment management, risk management and trading and positioning.
The company prides itself on its experienced personnel, integration of finance across capital structures (bank, bond and equity), ranking as a leader in all major products and services (No. 2 in leveraged lending, No. 4 in equity, and No. 5 in high yield debt, M&A, risk management and direct investment) and its global presence with dedicated real estate investment professionals in 11 cities around the globe.
Among the company's many deals this year were: led consortium in acquiring a major stake in ISM, a French public company controlling $2 billion in real estate; led consortium in acquiring $2 billion portfolio of sub-performing mortgages from Japanese financial institution; made direct investment in a Polish real estate developer; was arranger and administrative agent for a $3 billion bank financing for Starwood Lodging/ITT; advised FelCor on a $1.8 billion acquisition of 100 hotels from Bristol Hotel Co.; arranged a $1 billion credit facility for MeriStar Hospitality Corp.; arranger and administrative agent for a Cornerstone Properties $350 million revolving credit facility.
As noted, some of BT Alex Brown's deals have been international in scope. As Richard Gunthel, senior managing director and head of Real Estate Investment Banking notes, "we have long held that opportunities always exist in real estate - they just might not exist in your own backyard." Other key players at BT Alex Brown are managing directors Paul Turovsky, Robert Blumenthal, Jacques Brand, David Brush, Robert Cavanaugh, Howard Guja, Kent Jewett, Robert Kent, George Kountouris, Ian Marcus, Kurt Roeloffs, Peter Tesche and Gary Wilder.
Capital America (formerly Nomura Capital), 101 California Street, Suite 4080 San Francisco, CA 94111 415-743-2000, 415-743-2001
Capital America was formed in June 1998 from Nomura Capital, a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings America. Although it has a new name, the now West Coast-based company has a solid history in real estate lending. In 1993, Nomura Holdings hired Ethan Penner to create and head a real estate financing unit which that year securitized some $2.3 billion in mortgages. That total grew last year to $9.3 billion.
Originally, Capital America was organized by sectors, i.e., hotel, multifamily, etc., but within the past 12 months, the company re-organized into regional teams with offices in New York, Miami, Chicago, San Francisco, Los Angeles and Dallas. The company's Securitization Group securitizes all its own loans (it doesn't buy from others), holding them on it books until a suitable amount has been gathered to pool into an offering. Since Capital America funds as a principal, it can commit rapidly to a borrower. It likes to say its motto is "speed, size and certainty" meaning a borrower will get a quick response, the amount needed (company funds anything over $1 million) and the knowledge that Capital America will stand by its quote. Apparently it all has worked, because, as usual, 1998 has been a busy year. So far this year, Capital America did a $2.06 billion FASIT securitization in January, a $3.3. billion securitization in March, and a $316 million FASIT upsizing in May.
The company reports the trend line of next 12 months will be marked by stable prices and small appreciation in rents. As for CMBS? Spreads have been widening, but reflecting the efficiency of the market, the industry remains stable.
Key personnel at Capital America include Mike Berman, chairman; Ethan Penner, president & CEO; Boyd Fellows, co-chief operating officer; Brian Pilcher, co-chief operating officer; Kathy Corton, senior managing director; and Stew Ward, senior managing director.
Credit Suisse First Boston, 11 Madison Avenue New York, NY 10010 212-325-2131, FAX 212-325-8185, andy.stone@csfb.com 212-325-2439, FAX 212-325-8160, bill.adamski@csfb.com
Like most Wall Street investment banks, Credit Suisse First Boston has been doing a booming business on the equity and debt side of the real estate business. Its real estate group's strong points are financial strength and flexibility.
On the debt side, its strong points might be the company's come-from-behind ability. After completing no deals in the first quarter, Credit Suisse First Boston jumped into third place for mid-year rankings of commercial mortgage backed securities lead managers. The investment bank priced two deals valued at $4.8 billion, plus privately issued $4 billion of securities that was not counted in the rankings because the bonds were unrated.
On the equity side, key deals included $344 million interim financing on an office property for a company called Solana, $350 million for a hotel acquisition by Grand Wallea and $132 million acquisition financing for Gotham Hotel Portfolio on a parcel of hotels.
Credit Suisse First Boston is unabashedly optimistic about the real estate market going forward. Trend line for the next year, outlook for CMBS and outlook for REITs are all rated "excellent" by the company.
Important personnel in real estate investment banking at Credit Suisse First Boston include: Andrew Stone, managing director; William Adamski, managing director; Mark Finerman, managing director; and Susan Antoniou, assistant vice president.
Goldman Sachs & Co., 85 Broad Street New York, NY 10004 212-902-1000, FAX 212-357-5505
The big news at Goldman Sachs & Co. this year has been the vote by partners to take the company public and eliminate the firm's 129-year partnership structure. But, that shouldn't affect the venerable investment banking house's real estate work. Goldman's Real Estate Department in its Investment Banking Division can muster all of the parent company's resources to provide global, full-service investment banking coverage to the leading real estate investment trusts and real estate companies. The Real Estate Department's areas of expertise include: real estate corporate finance activities, hospitality and gaming corporate finance activities, asset sales, mergers and strategic advisory assignments and commercial mortgage origination.
Under the auspices of real estate corporate finance, the company provides investment banking services to leading REITs and non-REIT real estate companies including equity and debt capital markets, mergers, assets sales and strategic advisory assignments. Goldman was lead manager on over $6 billion of equity and debt financing in 1997 and over $1.5 billion so far this year. Some of Goldman's major deals in the past 18 months include a $413 million overnight common stock offering for Vornado Realty Trust, which was the largest overnight common stock offering for a REIT to date, and an $800 million follow-on offering for Boston Properties, the largest follow-on offering executed for a REIT. In the hospitality and gaming pits, Goldman was involved in over $20 billion of transactions last year. In 1997, Goldman was the lead banker in 18 transactions totaling over $25 billion in asset sales and mergers and this year is shaping up to be an even better year. In addition to all that, the company provides fixed and floating rate mortgage financing secured by individual properties or cross- collateralized pools for large loans. Goldman originated over $5 billion in loans last year and over $4.4 billion so far this year.
Goldman Real Estate Department officers are: Mark Tercek, managing director and department head, and managing directors, John Barakat, Mark Ettenger, Richard Lieb and Sheridan Schechner.
J.P. Morgan, 60 Wall Street, 30th Floor New York, NY 10260-0060 212-483-2323, FAX 212-648-5046
Back in 1970, the J.P. Morgan Real Estate Investment Banking group was carved out of J.P. Morgan's investment banking operation and today it's busier than ever doing strategic advisory work, mergers and acquisitions, debt and equity capital markets, loan capital markets and derivatives. The company also boasts a commercial mortgage backed securities group which is run as a separate and independent unit. It too has been quite active.
Through the first half of the year, J.P. Morgan has been lead manager on $936.4 million in CMBS and has on tap another $1 billion securitization and an additional $600 million in underwriting for the third quarter. On the investment banking side, so far this year J.P. Morgan acted as lead manager for $172.5 million of common stock for Cabot Industrial Trust, $500 million of unsecured real estate bond issuances (three tranches) for Security Capital Group, and $475 million of unsecured real estate bond issuances (two tranches) for Equity Office Properties.
J.P. Morgan also has had a red hot year in mergers and acquisitions. The company provided advisory services and fairness opinion to Corporate Property Investors Inc. on a pending $5.8 billion merger with Simon DeBartolo Group; provided advisory services and a fairness opinion to Equity Residential on the pending $2.2 billion merger with Merry Land and Investment Co.; advised TrizecHahn on the sale of its $2.55 billion retail portfolio to The Rouse Co. and Westfield America Inc.; advised Highwoods Properties on the $544 million acquisition of J.C. Nichols; advised RoProperty Services on its acquisition of The RREEF Funds; and advised Malaya conglomerate Sime Darby Berhad on the sale of its U.S. subsidiary Sandestin Resorts.
Key personnel include Jon Zehner, managing director and head of Global Real Estate and Lodging Investment Banking; Dennis Lopez, managing director and head of European Real Estate and Lodging Investment Banking; Charles Lowrey, managing director and head of North American Real Estate and Lodging Investment Banking; and Michael Jungman, managing director and head of Commercial Mortgage Finance Group.
Lehman Brothers, 3 World Financial Center New York, NY 10285 212-526-3484, 212-526-5173, cosent@lehman.com
At Lehman Brothers, real estate cuts across the three major businesses of the firm, investment banking, fixed income and equity. Each of the businesses work in partnership to provide clients seamless service and Lehman with a broad range of opportunities. The company divides its real estate practice into three areas: traditional investmentbanking functions, commercial mortgage backed securities and principal transactions.
Lehman has been the No. 1 CMBS underwriter since 1994, and it claims unparalleled research and distribution capabilities. The company is also a leading player in the REIT market and has a very successful proprietary real estate investment program.
A specialty of Lehman has been the financing of regional malls. Since 1997, Lehman has provided over $2.1 billion in financing including such projects as: $170 million for Water Tower Place, a Heitman and Urban Shopping Center property; $140 million for Dadeland Mall, owned by Simon DeBartolo and Equitable; $225 million for regional malls owned by the Prime Property Group; and financing for Glimcher Realty Trust's acquisition of Montgomery Mall and General Growth Properties' $613 million acquisition of the MEPC portfolio and the $392 million USPPI portfolio. Lehman was also lead manager on the following transactions: AIMCO/Freddie Mac's $32 million and $60 million pool of non-crossed properties; SASCO's $170 million of floating rate loans and $1.5 billion securitization of large balance, floating rate loans; LB Commercial Mortgage Trust's $1.7 billion of fixed rate loans; SMA Finance Co's $225 million of fixed rate loans; GMAC Commercial Mortgage Securities' $1.4 billion of fixed rate loans; and $3.4 billion securitization of fixed loans from Lehman, First Union and Bank of America.
Key personnel include Michael Mazzei, managing director and head of CMBS Banking Group; Raymond Mikulich, managing director and head of Real Estate & Mortgage Industries Group; and Mark Walsh, managing director and head of the Commercial Real Estate Principal Transactions Group.
Merrill Lynch & Co., 250 Vessey St. New York, NY 10281 212-449-4700, FAX: 212-449-7165
Richard Saltzman is managing director and group head.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, 1585 Broadway, 37th Floor New York, NY 10036 212-761-4700, 212-761-0510, MS.com
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter has provided a broad range of services to the real estate industry for nearly 30 years. Today, Morgan Stanley Realty is comprised of three major business units, each focused on a specific segment of the investment bank's real estate practice: Real Estate Investment Banking, Real Estate Debt Capital Markets and The Morgan Stanley Real Estate Funds.
Morgan Stanley Realty's objective is to help real estate clients and investors manage and benefit from the increasing complexity and diversity of financing and strategic and investment options. As such, the company is active in all the various real estate capital markets - public equity, secured debt, unsecured debt, convertible instruments, and is capable in all types of transactions, financing, mergers, acquisitions, restructurings, assets sales and recapitalizations.
So far, 1998 has been a good year for the company. In the first half of 1998, Morgan Stanley ranked as the leading underwriter of commercial mortgage backed securities with nearly $10 billion in CMBS offerings. The company was also a leading real estate lender having provided over $4 billion in commercial mortgages. Morgan Stanley was financial advisor on such deals as: New Plan Realty Trust on its merger with Excel Realty; Merry Land & Investment Co. on its merger with Equity Residential Properties; Security Capital Atlantic on its merger with Security Capital Pacific Trust; Bay Apartment Communities on its merger with Avalon Properties; and Bass Plc on its acquisition of Inter-Continental Hotels & Resorts.
Among its capital raising transactions, Morgan Stanley was lead manager on: a $408 million common stock offering for St. Joe Corp.; $92 common million stock offering for Burnham Pacific Properties; $200 million senior note offering for Highwoods Properties; $239 million CMBS offering for Allied Capital Commercial; and $142 million CMBS offering for Mid-America Apartment Communities.
Some of Morgan Stanley Realty's key personnel include William Lewis, managing director and co-head of Real Estate; William Smith, managing director and co-head of real estate; Owen Thomas, managing director of Morgan Stanley Real Estate Funds; and John Westerfield, managing director of Real Estate Debt Capital Markets group.
PaineWebber Inc., Commercial Real Estate Division 1285 Avenue of the Americas 19th Floor 212-713-7900, FAX: 212-713-7949
The Commercial Real Estate Division of PaineWebber Inc. was formally established back in 1989, but the company has been doing real estate financing since 1985 and commercial mortgage securitization since 1988. PaineWebber's real estate group continues to be busy. So far this year it helped Patriot American Hospitality Inc. acquire Interstate Hotels Co. and Wyndham Hotel Corp., and arranged (with Chase Manhattan Bank) a $2.7 billion credit facility for Patriot American/Wyndham International. It also helped arrange the merger of Avalon Properties and Bay Apartment Communities Inc.
Financing also has been a busy activity for the Commercial Real Estate Division. Among the many deals this year were: a $56.8 million common equity offering for Chateau Communities Inc., $110 million in notes for Avalon Properties, $150 million in senior notes for Bay Apartment Communities, $100 million in senior notes for Avalon Bay Communities, $100 million in senior notes for Gables Realty Ltd. Partnership, $66.2 million Parkway preferred stock offering and $43.1 million EastGroup Properties Inc. preferred stock offering.
In an interesting deal, PaineWebber formed a joint venture with Merchant Equity Financial Group to purchase and securitize triple net-lease properties.
The company remains bullish on real state as it expects demand to continue to outpace supply in all major property sectors, the conduit origination business to continue to grow in total dollar volume and as a percentage of the CMBS market, and after a difficult first half of the year, the REIT market to improve as well.
Co-heading the division, which operates as an integrated unit, are Terrence Fancher and Jack Taylor, managing directors. Fancher is directly responsible for the company's merchant banking activities and the strategic direction of real estate investment banking. Reporting to him are managing directors Frederick Craven and David Jarvis. Taylor is responsible for the strategic and day-to-day management of PaineWebber's CMBS trading and all debt and mezzanine lending activities. Reporting directly to him are managing directors: Fernando Mendez in Trading, Steven Plust in Bond Structuring and Ronald Wechsler in Conduit Programs.
Prudential Securities Inc., New York Plaza, 18th Floor New York, NY 10292 212-778-1977, FAX: 212-778-3194
The Real Estate Group at Prudential Securities Inc. has chalked up some impressive numbers over the years. Since 1992, the Real Estate Group has raised over $24 billion in equity for REITs and has ranked in the top five in co-managed equity offerings for the past two years. The company's strengths include financial advisory work, mergers and acquisitions and public and private debt. Prudential Securities is currently expanding its advisory work through focus units in hospitality and healthcare.
Last year was a particularly active one for Prudential. In 1997, the company's lead management business totaled $2.1 billion, ranking it number three. Also, in 1997, Prudential Securities ranked in the top five in mergers and acquisitions. Its largest leading equity offering to date was Cali Realty Corp. for $517 million last October.
In some regards, 1998 might be an even busier one for the company. Prudential Securities was the lead manager on a $255 million initial public offering for LaSalle Hotel Properties. It also supplied a $48 million bridge loan to the company. Other deals included: lead manager on a $216 million IPO for Philips International Realty Corp. and extending a $100 million line of credit to the company; sole manager on a $96 million spot offering for Mack-Cali Realty Corp. and acted as its financial advisor in the company's acquisition of Pacifica Holding Co.; lead manager on a $201 million spot offering for Equity Residential Properties Trust; acted as financial advisor on Excel Realty Trust's merger with New Plan Realty Trust; and acted as financial advisor on the cash sale of Meridian Point Realty Trust VIII Co. to Eastgroup Properties for $100 million.
Key personnel at Prudential includes Richard Schoninger, managing director and Group Head; managing directors Jeffrey Crossland, Allen Ostroff and Peter Riemenscheider; and directors William Daly, Fuller O'Connor, Scott Schaevitz and Chris Slavin.
Salomon Smith Barney, 388 Greenwich Street New York, NY 10013 212-816-8248, FAX: 212-816-7491 mark.patterson@ssm.com 212-816-8408, FAX: 212-816-8558 david.sherman@ssmb.com
Salomon Smith Barney, the big investment banking firm, is certainly no stranger to merger activity, but the announcement earlier this year that its parent company, Travelers Group, would combine with Citicorp in an $82 billion deal certainly shook the rafters of the financial industry. Regardless of what goes on at the top, Salomon Smith Barney, which has had a presence in the real estate sector for decades, could boast a few, recent eye-opening deals of its own. Some of its major merger deals this year include the sale of Inter-Continental chain to Bass P/C for $2.9 billion; acquisition of Layton Belling Associates by Arden Realty for $615 million; and the pending sale of RFS Hotels to Equity Inns (no price announced), La Quinta to Meditrust for $3 billion, Station Casino to Crescent (no price announced) and the $1.5 billion merger of American General Hospitality and Capstar.
The company not only affects mergers and acquisitions, but also has been active in raising money for REITs and other real estate companies. Among its major issuances this year was a $240 million common stock offering for Brandywine Realty, $125 million-$75 million First Industrial preferred stock deal, $100 million AIMCO preferred stock offering, $150 million Excel Realty preferred stock deal and $54 million Resortquest common stock offering.
Even before the pending merger with Citicorp takes effect, Salomon Smith Barney claims its real estate group's strength is its ability to do full service real estate from a global perspective. The trend line for the remainder of the year, says Salomon Smith Barney is stable occupancy levels and healthy growth in NOI for most national markets. As for REITs, the company has put an "outperform rating" on the sector and believes that the stocks are attractive for investors seeking income and moderate growth.
Key personnel for Salomon Smith Barney's Real Estate Investment Banking group are managing directors Mark Patterson, Jeff Horowitz, Joseph Gallo, Joseph Doyle and John Herbert, and directors Harry Mizrahi, Paul Ingrassia, Tom Cook, Doug Sesler and Mark Davis.PLANTS
Acer Gardens boasts a broad array of colors, textures and sizes of annuals, perennials, trees and shrubs. We grow approximately 95% of our annuals and perennials, and 25% of our tree and shrub material directly on site, ensuring quality plant material from the very beginning. We even grow many of our varieties right from seed collected on property. All other plant material is carefully sourced from all over, to ensure the very best for your garden.
From spring until frost, we have 5 greenhouses filled with color. Whether you're a backyard farmer looking for organic veggies and herbs, or an urban home owner looking for curb appeal, we've got you covered.
From foliage to flowers, Acer's perennials collection consists of over 1,800 varieties, and counting, of sun and shade lovers. Our four outdoor holding areas and four greenhouses full of plants are waiting to delight you.
Fun flowers, exfoliating bark, exotic fragrance, winter interest, edible fruit - Acer's trees and shrubs will overwhelm your senses. We offer both large and small containers and balled and burlap material.
Every season at Acer brings in new color that is specific for that time of year. Whether it is spring bulbs and pansies, fall mum and pumpkins, or winter greens and poinsettias, you'll find it here.The Maryland Department of Natural Resources (DNR) announced the award of $415,000 to seven climate resilience projects to help communities prepare for, and recover from, climate-related impacts. These competitive grants are designed to help communities plan and design solutions to withstand flooding and other weather-related events.
The projects selected will identify and prioritize vulnerable communities, incorporate climate change data and information into existing plans and policies, and develop nature-based or natural solutions to control flooding. Funding is provided by Governor Hogan’s Resiliency Through Restoration Initiative, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
“Maryland’s local communities are seeking projects that will put them in better positions to address flooding and other climate impacts,” Maryland DNR Secretary Jeannie Haddaway-Riccio said. “We are pleased to lend our expertise and the resources needed for the planning and nature-based design work to build resilient and thriving communities within dynamic coastal environments.”
Grant funding is awarded this year to the following local governments and community partners:
- Anne Arundel County —Prepare a 10-year update to the County’s Sea Level Rise Strategic Plan
- Blue Water Baltimore— Design green infrastructure practices to control stormwater at the St. Agnes Healthcare campus in West Baltimore
- Charles County –– Identify potential solutions to reduce or eliminate flooding in three areas of the Zekiah watershed that experience frequent urban flooding
- Maryland Coastal Bays Program— Design a nature-based island restoration project to enhance an eroding three-acre Coastal Bays island offshore of Ocean City
- NeighborSpace of Baltimore County— Design green infrastructure features to address stormwater flooding and increase climate resilience at Powhatan Park
- Prince George’s County— Prepare Phase 2 of the County’s Nuisance Flood Plan
- Town of Snow Hill –– Study flooding issues in Byrd Park and identify possible solutions
To streamline the grant application and management process, the department has created theGrants Gatewayto.
All FY22 Grants Gateway Awards are listed on the department’s website.IOWA CITY, Iowa —.
A 2015 article by Vice Sports entitled “The Gender Discrimination Lawsuit That Could Chance College Sports Forever” notes that many students were outraged over Greisbaum’s abrupt termination, particularly four of her former students:.
Ackers paraphrases thus: “Just because a woman coach is hard on an athlete doesn’t mean that’s inappropriate. We’re here for the same reason as men. We want to be pushed beyond our beliefs.”
The article continues:.
h/t: Vice SportsSermon Highlight
There are sermons that I preach which have a long-lasting impact on our church. Whether in seasons of trial, celebration or simply because the gospel is powerful and true, certain sermons can and should be preached more than once.
Below are the notes from a sermon I just preached not too long ago, which I also preached in my first year of being the senior pastor of the River City Baptist Church, titled "Jesus Christ Changes Lives".
You can compare my notes with the delivery of the sermon by listening to the message on our church podcast here.
To help you follow along:
- I highlight yellow for main divisions
- Green for Subdivisions
- Purple for Scripture references
- Often will highlight in teal for other statements, etc.2021 Holiday Gift Guide
Welcome to Premier's 2021 Holiday Gift Guide. Bring joy and create smiles this year with fun Premier products! they are gifts that will make people happy!Raising dogs involves many satisfactions, but they represent a responsibility that not anyone can take care of. Many people cannot have a dog because they are allergic to animal dander and their pet can cause them the appearance of hives on the surface of their skin. When hives invade the skin of the body, they can appear as red dots or blisters that cause itching and stinging, reason why people who often get hives should have at reach a highly efficient treatment like OxyHives.
How can OxyHives alleviate your allergic response?
About 15-30% of all allergic people have allergic reactions to animal dander. Hives can appear, according to WebMD, due to insect bites, certain foods, medicines, heat, pressure and animal dander. Many different factors can trigger an allergic reaction, which will manifest as the occurrence of red, itchy bumps on the surface of the skin. But by using regularly OxyHives, they will manage to keep hives under control, to reduce the redness, diminish the inflammation and eliminate the itching caused by their allergy.
The natural product promoted on the website oxyhives.org.uk contains a powerful combination of natural ingredients that effectively combat allergy symptoms without causing negative side effects and without causing dizziness. OxyHives is made of compounds like Apis Mellifica, Lachesis, Mercurius Solubilis, Ichthyolum, Urtica Urens, Arnica Montana, Hepar and Rhus Toxicodendron. These homeopathic ingredients work together to reduce the signs of allergy and to prevent the occurrence of hives.
Dog owners know that the dog hair and dander can reach everywhere, even in spaces where the dog did not stay. People with allergies have an oversensitive immune system, reason why those who have one known allergy can have allergic reactions to multiple factors. Hence people who get hives due to dog dander can develop the same symptoms in the presence of a completely different factor, such as strawberries, fish or heat. But by following the treatment with OxyHives, they will keep their allergy under control and strengthen the immune system in order to prevent the development of hives.
By using the best natural treatment for hives it will not guarantee you that you can have a dog without getting hives. Even though this homeopathic treatment will help you quickly treat and prevent the occurrence of hives, you should avoid the factors that trigger you allergic reactions. In worst cases, an allergen can cause anaphylactic shock, when the patient will experience problems breathing, case when immediate medical care is required.
By using OxyHives on a daily basis, you will reduce the symptoms of hives, itchiness will quickly disappear and you can have a normal life, with minimum disruption caused by allergy. When you wake up with your face an arms invaded by hives, you could do anything to take your day off. But with OxyHives you can go to school or work with peace of mind, because your allergies will be kept under control. Use OxyHives to alleviate your allergic response and banish hives forever!Is This Your Listing? Are you the owner of Walker Pharmacy in Savannah Georgia? Send us more details! Claim Your Business Or Contact Us
Description
We have 3 locations in Bulloch County to better serve you so stop by and experience the difference between "a pharmacy" and WALKER PHARMACY!
Upcoming Events
Places You Should Consider
Get to know Walker Pharmacy
The difference between "a pharmacy" and WALKER PHARMACY!
People Connected
Is Walker Pharmacy one of your Favorite Places?
Add to My Connections
Add to My Connections
Plug Updates
Say Something or Ask a Question about Walker Pharmacy
Recommended Ratings & Reviews
Rate & Review
Overall Rating
Related placesUnder fire for diverting federal funds away from low- and middle-income housing for Katrina survivors, Gov. Haley Barbour today announced a new housing plan for public-sector employees on the Gulf Coast. Per a verbatim statement from his office:
JACKSON, Mississippi --sectoremployees,."
---
Previous Comments
- ID
- 142393
- Comment
There were other Emergency Workers in other counties that suffer losses due to the storm what about them? What about the senior citizens that lost their homes due the storm how can they rebuild their homes when they are living from day to day on fixed incomes? What about the single parents who are being forced to worker in low income positions that lost evrything due to te storms, where are their homes? What about our soldiers over seas who's families need new homes what help are you providing for them. Barbour there were other homes destroyed and damaged from Hinds County to the Coast where is their help? The three minutes of media attention is not worth the pain and suffering these people have endure over the past several years while they wait for you to use the funds for your pet projects. People and I mean not just your people need help, it's time to help them, remember they are all Mississippians!!!!!
- Author
- Hot Sauce
- Date
- 2008-12-18T11:15:46QUESTIONS & ANSWERS
Have a Question?
Be the first to ask a question about this.
Description
LG G4 Volume Button Repair
Going DIY on Volume Button Repair is not recommended since you might unknowingly cause more damage. Send your LG G LG G4 is 100% functional. After the repairs are complete, we'll send you a tracking number and ship your LG G4 back to you!
We send you a shipping label to print, and you get $100 of insurance protection. If you want expedited shipping or more insurance, you have the option to upgrade for a small additional fee.
If you have specific questions about Volume Button Repair or any LG G.Peter Jacobson.
Atsuro Riley: “Heard-Hoard”Books
Atsuro Riley says he wrote “Heard-Hoard” with a kind of pacing he could feel in his body.…
Why poetry still matters — and is more powerful than you thinkBooks
Host Jonathan Bastian talks with David Whyte about the power of the written and spoken word.
Amy Koppleman: ‘A Mouthful of Air’Arts
Writer and director Amy Koppleman on the same question all of her work attempts to answer. Target 12" X 1/4" Gong Hanger NRA Action Pistol Plate. 5 out of 5 stars. (3) 3 product ratings - Ar500 Steel Target 12" X 1/4" Gong Hanger NRA Action Pistol Plate., $31.25., Free …
Alibaba.com offers 2,316 ,steel plate prices ar500, products. A wide variety of ,steel plate prices ar500, options are available to you, such as standard, processing service, and application...
AR500 steel, has strong wear resistance and is generally used for mining or material handling. Our advantages: We have our own ,AR500 steel, sheet factory with advanced equipment and well trained workers.. We can provide manufacture ,price, with trading company services.
Surplus 3/8" ,AR500, 12"x20" Static - Target Package. This ,steel, was part of a bulk truckload buy. It is our old stock ,AR500, but was purchased and cut in bulk in order for us to be able to provide these extremely discounted ,prices,.
High Caliber AR500 Steel 1/2" Thick Targets -, for Precision Practice 4.,7 out of 5 stars 715 $12.98 - $599.99 High Caliber, AR500 Steel, IPSC, Style Shooting Targets, in 1/2", 3/8",, and, 1/4" Thi,ckness - for Precision Practice
TITAN GREAT OUTDOORS AR500 3/8-in Oblong Steel Plate Shooting Target Gong Laser Cut 10-in x 16-in., 5.0 out of 5 stars1. $44.99$44.99., FREE Shipping. (6) Titan AR500 Dueling Tree Steel Target 6" x 3/8" Swing Paddles DIY Shooting. 4.4 out of 5 stars111. …
Clad ,plate, is a multi-layer ,plate, which combines a carbon or low alloy steel ,plate, (backing or backer) with a thin layer of corrosion resistant grade (cladding or clad). Cost effective solution Selecting clad ,plate, can reduce equipment weight, fabrication time and material cost.
Ar500 Steel Target 12" X 1/4" Gong Hanger NRA Action Pistol Plate. 5 out of 5 stars. (3) 3 product ratings - Ar500 Steel Target 12" X 1/4" Gong Hanger NRA Action Pistol Plate. $31.25. Free …:. Please contact us for Final Ar 500 Steel Plate price in India. …, …
Hotline
TEL:+86 13526880645
Company email
systeelplate@outlook.com
Business cooperation
+86 13526880645
Company address
No.186, Zi Dong Road, Guan Cheng District, Zheng Zhou, He Nan Province.Prestressing strand and wire are widely used both for the in-situ pre-or post-stressing of large concrete structures such as bridges and nuclear reactors, and for prestessing of prefabricated concrete elements such as beams. These materials are some of the highest strength constructional steels in use today, and get used in some of the most high-profile and critical engineering structures. They derive their strength from a combination of their chemistry (high carbon, microalloy), and cold work imparted through the extensive hot and cold reduction they acquire in the manufacturing process. Some products may have their strength achieved by a heat treatment process.
Prestressing strand and wire products are covering by BS 5896:2012, and can be covered by the UK CARES scheme for product certification. Testing of these materials requires special grips and extensometry to meet the specified requirements. Test methods for prestressing steels are specified in BS EN ISO 15630-3:2010. R-Tech’s scope of accredited testing of wire and strand products according to these standards includes the following:
Tensile testing to 1500kN
Fatigue testing to 400kN
Reverse bend testing
Chemical analysis
In addition, testing can be performed to most national and international standards.
Prestressing bars are also available on the market. These are also used in post-tensioning of bridge decks (for example), or may be used as high strength tension elements in buildings. These are generally alloy steels, and again may achieve their strength through a combination of chemistry, cold work and heat treatment.
Your javascript appears to be disabled
Please enable your javascript for an optimal viewing experienceContemporary Pillar Floor Lamp
3 adjustable frosted plastic shades on brushed nickel base Contemporary Pillar Floor Lamp. Coaster realizes the importance of your home which is why they have an endless variety of furniture in countless styles and designs. The designs are capable of fitting the needs all around the home and the quality is at a level you can trust. Perfect for the modern art lover, lamp features metal with ivory inlays. Sure to add a chic design to any room. More »B002HFRFUEThe 5 Books I Read That Helped Me Build a Multi-Million Dollar Company
Even a book published in 1910 can teach us about avoiding negativity and disillusionment and about feeling grateful.
Mistakes will be made, money spent, time wasted and opportunities missed: That's the life of any entrepreneur, considering that there is no blueprint for how to start a company.
Related: 15 of the Best Time Management and Productivity Books of All Time
Mistakes etc. are all part of the risk (and thrill) of starting your own company. Still, even the lack of a road map needn't mean you have to go into the startup world completely blind.
As someone who has helped thousands of founders and executives take their businesses to the next level, and built a multi-million dollar business along the way, I can tell you that some of my best education didn’t come from a formal education, but from the lessons of others.
By engrossing myself in books by some of the greatest, I was able to successfully scale my business. Turning pages, not taking tests, helped me gain confidence, deliver a powerful sales message, learn how to lead with integrity and so much more. And the best part? This kind of education cost me less than $100, total.
For those struggling to get to the next step, here are some of the books that helped me find success.
1. "Jab, Jab, Jab, Right Hook"
By Gary Vaynerchuk
When it comes to guerilla marketing tactics, no one does it better than Gary Vaynerchuk. He started out helping his parents in the wine business (if you can believe that), and has since grown to be an authority in the digital marketing and social media worlds.
What I love about Vaynerchuk’s book Jab, Jab, Jab, Right Hook is that, as the title implies, this book is about the fight. And that means fighting to get customers -- and, in turn, revenue. The weapons for that fight are social media marketing tactics and what I'll call the art of giving.
Entrepreneurs need to implement various strategies -- hence the jabs and hooks -- to highly engage with readers, fans and followers. Vaynerchuk explains that there is no one-size-fits-all content strategy for getting customers hooked on your brand on social media. Rather, entrepreneurs,need to customize content to work on social media channels, and Vaynerchuk shows you how to do that.
The book is also a great reminder to put your best stuff out into the public domain. His philosophy is to give away the best content and advice you have so that you’re being of service first -- and not focused on always taking.
Takeaway: The book reinforced for me how to do that in a digital space, as for years previous, I'd always done it face to face.
2. "Principles"
By Ray Dalio
While hardly a flashy character in the current startup landscape, Ray Dalio is still a legend. He founded Bridgewater Associates, the largest hedge fund in the world, and he knows how to spot opportunities and what it takes to succeed.
Related: 10 Worthwhile Books Written by Self-Made Billionaires
In his book Principles, Dalio shares the leadership lessons he has learned over the years, with a strong focus on “radical truth” and “radical transparency.”
While entrepreneurs will gain valuable insight as they're learning how to lead with integrity, what I specifically found most helpful in Dalio's thinking was the removal of the ego.
In short, everyone in his company had the ability to express what they were experiencing or witnessing. One of the best stories in the book is how Dalio empowered everyone, and in this particular instance, his secretary, to call him on any poor behavior or misguided thinking. All opinions were valued.
Takeaway: This story resonated with me in my approach to business. It’s not about ego; it’s letting the best idea win based on the overall goals for the company.
3. "How Showmanship Sells"
By Elmer Leterman
A lot of people hate selling. Yet, it is sales which makes your company stay afloat. Without revenue you would be a sinking ship.
While the book How Showmanship Sells came out as long ago as 1965, its principles are still true today. Leterman dropped out of school to get into the insurance business. Working his way up in the field, he ended up being one of the most successful salespeople of his time. In his book he breaks down the actual techniques he used, including his ability to command attention through different forms of showmanship.
Takeaway: His principles taught me how to think differently about sales, including how to use influencer marketing to create massive sales in my business before I was really known.
4. "Getting to Yes: How to Negotiate Agreement Without Giving In"
By Roger Fisher
Creating win-win outcomes can be challenging for leaders and entrepreneurs. Often, founders just think about what they want, without taking into account the other person’s needs. But that sort of mindset will create little success for your company.
In Getting to Yes, Fisher explains the power of negotiation and how to use it to your benefit. Yours doesn’t have to be a one-sided victory; both parties can come out of a discussion feeling satisfied.
Fisher, who is part of the Harvard Negotiation Project, lays out what you need to do to successfully negotiate, including not taking things personally, focusing on common goals and reaching an agreement that is a win for all parties.
When I was growing my business, negotiation was something I needed to do often. Fisher's book taught me how to rethink the belief that there needs to be a winner and a loser.
Takeaway: By understanding what is important to the other side, I could help those people get what they wanted while also receiving what I wanted.
5. "The Science of Getting Rich"
By Wallace D Wattles
While a lot of business books focus on the tactical advice -- what you should do every day to meet your goals -- a lot can be said about how you need to think, too.
The Science of Getting Rich was written way back in 1910, proving that while our external world has changed, how our mind works has not: We all have certain desires and strive to achieve them. The book dives into having a wealth mindset -- believing you can be successful -- and then discusses how you can become rich (however you define that term).
One of the biggest lessons in the book is found in Chapter 14, “The Impression of Increase.” There I learned the principle of adding value before asking for anything. I learned that the desire we have to succeed is something inherent in us.
Related: Here's How to Read 300 Books This Year
I also came to understand how to line up my thinking and behaviors. The point is to experience success in life while keeping your mind free from the negativity and disillusionment that can accompany that effort.
Finally, Wattles wrote about the importance of gratitude. When you are grateful you know everything is moving you deeper into your purpose and closer to your success.
Takeaway: I’m grateful for everything -- all the hardships, the negative results and personal failures. They’ve all been necessary for me to become who I am today. When you forget gratitude, you become a victim, and nothing is more unempowering.
2009 Chevrolet Malibu Q&A
2009 Chevrolet Malibu Question: After replacing the right lower control arm is a front end alignment necessary?
My mechanic says a front end alignment NOT necessary after replacing the lower control arm. Service Center who wants to do the replacement says I need to have it done following their installation of the control arm. Who is correct?? - bobstoneware
3 Answers
Answer 1
We would recommend that the alignment be checked. The actual replacement of the control arm would not change the alignment angles, but what caused the need to change the control arm(impact with curb or pothole?) may have caused the alignment angles to change. Alignment angles should be checked on a regular bases to insure tire tread life and maximum fuel economy. - tires too
Answer 2
While parts are made to much closer tolerances today, they still aren't going to be exactly the same. Replacing a control arm could very easily cause the ball joint to move to a different location and that would have an impact on caster and or camber which will cause the toe angle to change. The big question is "why did you need to have the control arm changed"? Is your mechanic a professional technician working in a full shop? Why isn't your mechanic doing the control arm? With your car, not only is an alignment necessary, the steering angle sensor should also be reset as part of the alignment process because it can have an impact on the performance of the vehicle stability control system. (anti-skid) - cardocIII
1. stevieray1
4. globalhelper
9. michaelleechPOINTS TO BE TAKEN CARE OF BEFORE STARTING A FRANCHISE:
In today’s fast-growing world the population growth is also happening at a rapid pace. As a result, there is always a demand for pharma supplies in each and every field. It never matters whether the field of product is related to cancer, bone or skin, etc Pharmacy is always in demand. As a result, starting a pharmaceutical franchise can be a successful business. We (SUNWIN DERMA) being a franchise ourselves, will be discussing in this blog section some key points to start a successful DERMA franchise.
- ARRANGEMENT OF DOCUMENTS AND LICENCE: To start any business without any hassle it is very important to follow every legal process required. To start a franchise in this field of pharmacy we require two major documents one is the WHOLESALE DRUG LICENSE and the other one is the GOODS AND SERVICE TAX REGISTRATION NUMBER. These documents can be easily arranged from government institutions just by doing a small amount of paperwork.
- INVESTMENT AND FIELD OF INVESTMENT: This criterion is very essential for any business to start and prosper. While this is a business in the field of dermatology it always requires a unique and planned investment structure. The field of investment must also be focused on very wisely. When the field of investment is focused and selected by the consumer’s demands the franchise will grow automatically. For example, if in a particular region due to humidity people prefer powdered drugs more than lotion then the derma companies of that region must focus on the same. By doing so a company can easily satisfy its customers as their demands are met clearly, and as the demand increases the franchise expands.
- MARKETING: Marketing is the second most important pillar in a business after investment planning. A good and successful franchise company always has a unique and appealing marketing strategy and techniques. So, to be amongst the leading firms one must have a broad-minded marketing strategy that allows its products to connect with the consumers. Thus to succeed in the PCD DERMA FRANCHISE market newcomers must focus on creative marketing through mass media platforms.
- INFRASTRUCTURE: To meet with supply and production a good infrastructure is a requisite. When the franchise manufactures high-quality products with good packing and appealing looks its excellence and sales cannot be matched. To meet this requirement a good infrastructure is very necessary. High-level machinery and technology will not only increase the production pace but will also reduce dependency on staff. As a result labor charges will automatically get reduced and also the functioning can be carried out 24/7 without any holidays and at very low maintenance.
- PROFESSIONALS MUST BE HIRED: In this line of the PCD PHARMA COMPANIES, the field on which a franchise is focused must hire experts in the particular field. As we know pharmacy is a very crucial and risky field when it comes to production and quality management. Even if 1 mg of the components get exceeded or reduced it can cause fatal disasters. So it is very important to get some good professional support with the production and quality management. If the products start deteriorating consumers and affiliates will automatically run away. Also in the DERMA FRANCHISE field of the PCD franchise business, it is very essential to maintain the trust of the affiliates and the consumers. We (SUNWIN DERMA) being a leader in this field of DERMA franchise business have always focused on the quality of our products and how to prevent it from deteriorating. Thus must have a keen look at this aspect to ensure proper growth of the franchise.
- SEARCH FOR A LOYAL WORKFORCE: When we say the PCD Franchise business it is never manageable by a single person. There is always a team of at least 10 to 15 people working for the owner. To succeed in the market a firm must have a loyal working team that is always ready to give its best in their respective fields. For example, let’s say that a manager is being hired by a firm but he doesn’t know how to manage the workers. In this scenario, the manager will only facilitate the downfall of the firm. So, to avoid such a case a franchisee must hire a trustworthy workforce that can contribute to the upliftment of the company.
CONCLUSION:
Keeping in light the above points it is very clear that no business is easy nor is difficult. With a little bit of creative thinking and planning one can easily reach the heights in the field of DERMA FRANCHISE business. Few factors if kept in knowledge and taken care of the firm can never experience a downfall.
We (SUNWIN DERMA), being leaders in the field of DERMA FRANCHISE business are there to guide you on your new business setup. If interested please contact us.Smoke Damage Glossary
Unfamiliar with some of the smoke-related terms surrounding your smoke damage insurance claim? We listed some of the more common terms below.
Ash – After a fire, a powdery substance known as ash is left behind. While you may be familiar with ashes in your fireplace after a wood fire, ash from wildfires can be carried by the wind and "rain" from the ski. Some ash flakes are miniscule while others can be quite large.
Dry Smoke – Smoke comes in several "flavors" including dry smoke which is from high temperature, fast-burning fires. Dry smoke is generally considered one of the easier smokes to clean and deodorize.
Pressure Power Washing – Pressure power washing is often used to clean smoke, soot, and ash.
Pressurized Smoke – Another type of smoke is pressurized smoke. Smoke can become pressurized as temperatures flare or gases ignite. Because it's pressurized, this type of smoke can be forced through small openings.
Protein Smoke – Protein smoke comes from fires where animals, animal fats, or meats have been burned. Protein smoke can penetrate small areas and has an extremely foul odor.
Public Insurance Adjuster – A type of insurance professional that helps insurance policyholders file insurance claims.
Puff Back – "Puff back" is a term used to describe how malfunctioning furnaces puff out soot and smoke. The smoke and soot puff back can cause damage over time.
Smoke Damage – The term "smoke damage" is broad as smoke damage could be anything from a strong odor in a home to visible smoke residue, soot, and ash deposits.
Smoke Damage Claim – A property insurance claim involving smoke damage from a nearby fire or malfunctioning furnance.
Soot – Fires involving incomplete combustion of fuels often leave behind an oily, powdery, or tar-like residue known as soot.
Wet Smoke – Smoke from slow-burning, smoldering fires is known as "wet" smoke. Wet smoke is generally considered very difficult to clean and deodorize.
Thirty contracts were signed last week at $4 million and above—the largest total since the third week in November 2019, when 30 contracts were also signed. Condos outsold co-ops, 21 to 4, and 5 townhouses were in the mix.
Stat Geek Alert: In the last 2 weeks, 57 contracts were signed, including 48 apartments and 9 townhouses that total $478,718,000. Half of the apartments were sold by developers. The strong totals in the last 2 weeks continued a trend that started after the November election--a cocktail stirred with ingredients ranging from the Covid-19 vaccine to low interest rates, a robust stock market, and meaningful discounts..”
The No. 2 contract was 62B at 157 West 57th Street, asking $19.9 million, reduced from $25.2 million; it was sold by the sponsor, Extell, who started marketing the building in 2013. The condo has 4,193 square feet including 3 bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms. A 42-foot living room, master bedroom, and gallery face Central Park. The building was designed by Pritzker Prize-winning architect Christian de Portzamparc, with interiors by Thomas Juul-Hansen. The 90-story, 90-unit condo was built above the 5-star Park Hyatt Hotel that has a separate entrance for its 210 rooms. Amenities include use of hotel services, a fitness center, pool, private dining, a library lounge, performance space, and a garage.
The listing broker declined to provide any details about the transaction.
 February 1-7, 2021
Total Weekly Asking Price Sales Volume: $243,925,000
Average Asking Price: $8,130,833
Median Asking Price: $6,495,000
Average Discount from Original Ask to Last Asking Price: 10%
Average Days on Market: 743Timothy Vaughn Alexander, 57, of Cornelius passed away October 14, 2021 at his home after a courageous bout with cancer. He was born on September 19, 1964 in Iredell County. After graduating from North Mecklenburg High School, Tim was employed... View Obituary & Service Information
Flowers & Gifts
Send flowers to the Alexander family.Send FlowersConscious. Dr. Baldy, we recommend that you have minimal discussion of the dental appointment with your child. Should your child become ill, contact our office to see if it is necessary to postpone the appointment. It is very important to follow the directions of our office.Point guard Andrew Albicy is the only Tokyo Olympic vice-champion called up with the French basketball team from the list of 16 players called up for qualifying matches for the 2023 World Cup at the end of November. In addition to the unavailability of players in the NBA, the management of the France team faces a duplication in the calendar with Euroleague matches.
Three Villeurbanne players, Elie Okobo, Paul Lacombe and William Howard, are nevertheless released, as is the Monegasque Léo Westermann, for these first two games since the Olympic Games. The Blues will host Montenegro in Pau on November 26 then move to Hungary on the 29th.
“Come back to earth and get back to work”
“We had positive and constructive exchanges with the two French clubs involved in this competition (ASVEL and Monaco) who wish to help the French team,” said the general manager of the French team Boris Diaw in a statement. hoping for a “schedule adjustment” for the clubs concerned.
“After an Olympic campaign that will go down in history, we must all come back to earth and get back to work, as part of this new cycle, notes coach Vincent Collet. Before dreaming of Paris 2024, it is imperative that we maintain our level of performance in the various competitions that await us. “
French basketball nugget Victor Wembanyama (Asvel), 17, was called up as one of three additional “training partners” joining the French squad. The 2023 World Cup is co-hosted by Indonesia, Japan and the Philippines and is scheduled to take place from August 25 to September 10, 2023.
single survivor Olympics matches TokyoDescription
Cranimals Very Berry is a vegan powder supplement containing antioxidant polyphenols from raspberries, cranberries, and blueberries. Ideal for use with Cranimals Health Check Wellness Test Kit, which monitors your pet at home for diabetes and kidney failure.
Feeding Instructions: Simply mix Cranimals VERY BERRY with your cat or dog’s dry, wet, or raw food, or add to snacks.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Orchard Cottage
Orchard Cottage is an idyllic and wonderfully situated little cottage, with its wisteria-clad stone gables at the front, thatched roof and pretty façade
SLEEPS: 6 Adults + 2 kids
BEDROOMS: 4
BATHROOMS: 3
OVERVIEW
Orchard Cottage is beautiful grade II listed house on the private drive to Dillington House.
Inside it has been recently renovated to a high standard. There are three main bedrooms, one loft bedroom, and three bathrooms. One of the bedrooms is on the ground floor, allowing easy access for those less able to cope with stairs (however there are one or two steps on the ground floor).
The cottage has an open plan kitchen / dining room that is well equipped for those who enjoy cooking, and the dining table seats 10. There is a separate utility with washing facilities next door to the kitchen and a separate library / study area off the dining area. Next door is a spacious living room with a wood-burning stove, large flatscreen TV and comfy sofas.
The house also has a garden, with a protected and well-lit outdoor dining area (right outside the kitchen), and a wood-fired hot-tub in the garden. There is private parking for three cars.
The house’s rural location makes it a great escape for those looking to spend some time in the countryside, with plenty of pubs to walk / cycle to and things to see and do nearby, and convenient shopping in Ilminster is not far away.
BEDROOMS
There are three main bedrooms and one loft room, all with deep mattresses, 400 thread count cotton bedding, indulgent mattress toppers and indulgent fluffy bathrobes.
The ground floor bedroom has a superking-sized bed that can be separated into two singles and its own wet-room shower room. This room is a lovely room for anyone, but is especially well suited to those less able to navigate stairs, although there are two internal stairs on the ground floor so access is not entirely step-free.
In the two main bedrooms upstairs, the first has a superking-sized double turned leg four-poster, and a bathroom with a beautiful freestanding nickel bath (as well as walk-in shower), the second can be arranged as superking-sized double or with twin singles and has a walk-in shower only.
The fourth bedroom is a twin and is accessed only through the four-poster bedroom mentioned above, with which it also shares a bathroom, and so together these two rooms are ideally suited to a family with children.
LIVING AREAS
The kitchen / dining room is well equipped with an induction hob, oven, and there is a large fridge freezer with ice-machine in the nearby utility / larder. The dining table can seat 10 comfortably. The house also has a washer-dry. There is also a little library / study area for reading – or anyone who really must work!
And there is a good-sized lawn with a wood-fired hot-tub, a charcoal bbq and a teak outdoor table with chairs in a sheltered sunken patio area directly outside the kitchen.
SETTING & LOCAL AREA
Orchard Cottage is situated on the private drive to Dillington House, which is 100 metres or so further along the drive.
As well as being a quiet road, the drive to Dillington House is a bridleway and footpath. It leads into Dillington Park, which is a large area of parkland ideal for walks and dogs, and onto a myriad of other walking and cycling routes.
Nearby there are several pubs, such as the Dinnington Docks, Lord Poulett Arms, or Five Dials. couldn’t imagine the cottage being as lovely as it was, it way exceeded our expectations!
The quality of fixtures and fittings, furniture etc were all excellent, and made cooking in the kitchen a pleasure!
The place was spotlessly clean and had absolutely everything we needed to enjoy a relaxing weekend away.
The bath also proved to be very popular – there was a queue to use it!!
The location is stunning and we genuinely couldn’t fault it in any way.
We had an amazing weekend, and would love to return in the very near future. Thank you for sharing your lovely property with us.” – Hannah
“I can honestly say that my whole family were absolutely delighted with the accommodation!
It met all our needs and beyond right down to the dry logs waiting to be used for the burners😀.
The attention to detail was outstanding along with the very high quality soft furnishings such as interlined curtains, excellent mattresses and pristine bedding, towels and robes in all rooms!” – Margaret
“We really enjoyed our stay on the Dillington Estate – really beautiful and loved our walks to and from Orchard Cottage.” – Nicky
“Just wanted to let you know that we have left the house and we put the key back in the key safe. It was an absolutely wonderful stay. The house was gorgeous, clean, comfortable and well equipped. We have never been to the English countryside before and it was the perfect place for our adventures. We would absolutely stay here again have only glowing reviews.” – Erin
“The cottage is beautiful and it was an absolute pleasure to have it as home for a few days. The thoughtful touches of fresh bread etc and providing an interesting history of the estate were appreciated. We would love to stay again sometime” – Amy
“Thank you so much for such a wonderful stay! Such a beautiful property and we had the best time!
Orchard Cottage is absolutely beautiful! Very well equipped for a large group. The host was brilliant and communicated very quickly. Would absolutely recommend” – Arabella
“We were a party of 7 ranging in age from 10 to 80 years old and stayed at Orchard Cottage for my mums 80th birthday celebration weekend. We had the most fabulous time. The house has been beautifully renovated. The fixtures and fittings are high quality and luxurious. Under floor heating, contemporary fabrics, Nespresso machine and ice machine and not forgetting the wood fired hot tub all add to the experience. The beds are very comfortable, the bed linen crisp Egyptian cotton and the towels fluffy and warm. Bath robes, toiletries and hair dryers in all rooms are some of the extra touches which make the experience special along with the gorgeous countryside location on the beautiful Dillington Estate. If you book this property I guarantee you will not be disappointed” – JulieAt 12.40p.m on the 21 November 1888, Mrs Fanny Drake, of 15 Clerkenwell Green, went to Rochester Row police station and made a complaint against a man she believed answered the description of the Whitechapel murderer. The man had caused her to become alarmed and frightened by grinning at her as they both walked over Westminster Bridge. Drake said, 'The man gave such a grin, as I should always remember'. At the police station, Fanny, told the police she was convinced she had found the Whitechapel murderer. The man, Douglas Cow, when interviewed produced a number of letters and business cards proving he was a respectable businessman, who was in the employ of India rubber merchants, Cow And Company, 70 Cheapside, and 8 Kempshoot Road, Streatham Common. He was described as 35 years of age, 5ft 7"tall, with fair hair, fair complexion and a slight moustache, and was said to be very respectable in appearance. Drake apologised to Mr Cow for having caused him any inconvenience, and he was released without charge.Navigating Summer During Coronavirus
We’ve made it through the end of the school year, and summer is officially here! On the one hand, we have a lot more flexibility with how we spend our time as we no longer have to navigate emergency remote learning….and, on the other hand, we have a lot more ambiguity as restrictions are lifted and the frameworks that have been in place for months dissolve. How can you navigate this space in a way that works for you and your family?
Know the rules and follow the rules.
While there is a lot of unknowns surrounding coronavirus and the way to best avoid getting sick right now, there are some rules put into place by the government that must be followed in order to avoid jail time or a fine, and it is your responsibility to know these rules. Make sure you are up-to-date on what these are. Is there a mandatory mask ordinance where you live? Is travel restricted? Is there a curfew? Are you allowed to be playing on playgrounds? While you have a lot of choice during this phase of the pandemic, depending on where you live, there may be certain pieces around which you have no choice.
Stay informed.
In most areas, the official rules during this time are fairly limited, giving you much space to make your own decisions about what you are and are not willing to do and what you feel safe doing during this time. In order to make the best decisions for you and your family, make sure you are staying informed of the current situation. Sources like The Center for Disease Control or locally at the City of Denver include information about current cases and risks and include suggestions as to how to minimize risk. You might want to consider questions such as: Are cases increasing or decreasing where I am? What is the current hospital capacity? What are the current studies showing about how this is (or isn’t) impacting kids?
Protect yourself.
No matter what you do, there are certain precautions you can take to be just a bit safer that don’t add significant inconvenience for you. Things like washing hands regularly, not touching your face, using hand sanitizer, and being outside as much as possible are all easy ways to minimize risk without significantly changing what you would usually do. Other questions to consider when thinking about how to best protect you and your family include: How can you avoid large crowds? How can you make plans that allow for social distancing? How can you minimize touching surfaces outside of your home?
Only you know what is best for you and your family.
Choosing how to navigate the pandemic is a very personal decision, and only you know what is best for you and your family. Everyone will make different choices during this time, and it is your responsibility to make the choices that align with what is best for you and your family. Your job is to stay informed and use whatever information you find relevant and valuable and balance that with the needs and priorities of your family, including: What makes me feel safe? What does my family need to "survive" the summer? What is truly important to us?
Be aware that others might be taking a different approach -- and that’s okay.
Like we mentioned, there is a lot of choice involved in this stage of coronavirus, and everyone is navigating it in their own way. It might be that families invite your kids for play dates before you are ready -- and you can say no. It might be that families won’t feel comfortable with their kids playing with your kids at the playground -- and that is okay. Some people wear masks at all times and others only wear them when mandated. Some people feel comfortable in small gatherings, and others would prefer to stick with their nuclear family in their own home. Everyone is adopting their own set of norms and guidelines right now, and you have to be okay with what you are doing and also be okay that your decisions might be different from those around you.
Ultimately, we’re all in this together.
Coronavirus is a worldwide pandemic that has impacted everyone in different ways, but it has affected everyone in some way. While we’ve all navigated the last few months in own way and will be asked to continue making our own decisions as to how to navigate the next few months, ultimately this is something we are all collectively experiencing, and none of us is alone. While our primary responsibility during this time is to make decisions that help our families stay safe, healthy, and sane, many of our actions do impact those around us, and we should keep that in mind as well, considering questions such as: What impact do any of my actions have on others? How can I help make sure the more vulnerable in my community are as safe as can be? How can I minimize risk to those around me?
Coronavirus is unlike anything we’ve seen in our lifetime, and there are still so many questions about what the future holds as relates to the pandemic. We already know that this summer will look different from any other summer we’ve experienced...but what exactly it does look like is up to us (whether or not we are ready).Both the Maui and Oahu events follow a model that has been very successful on the mainland for decades, where artists and artisans open up their studios and exhibition spaces to show and sell their work to the public as well as “talk story”, connect, and inspire visitors.
Some artists also give live demonstrations of their process and techniques. The entire event is free to the. The 1st Annual O’ahu Open Studios Eventwill debut Thursday, December 4, 2014, and run for two weekends, just in time for holiday shopping and art collecting.
Visitors are invited to join the artists at the Opening Celebration/Preview Exhibition on Thursday, Dec. 4 where they can enjoy live music, preview one or two pieces of the artists’ work, and pick up a copy of the OOS Guidebook containing an artist directory and maps directing them to different studios and exhibition spaces around the island.
Guidebooks will also be available throughout the duration of the event at various retail pickup locations around the island which will be listed on our website. Visitors then design their own self-guided tours, either by referring to their printed guidebook or by using our online artist directory and Google maps on our website, based on the artists and work that most interests them.
The event is produced and organized by acclaimed, award-winning fine art photo collage artist and former art gallery owner on Maui and Oahu, Carolyn Quan. She is now based in the San Francisco Bay Area after living in Hawaii for 9 years, while continually remaining connected to the islands and the art community there.
. I realized that it was time for Hawaii to have such an event and plans began to create the Maui event back in 2010. Now, with the success of the Maui event, I felt it was time to spread the opportunities to other islands for artists and art-buyers. O’ahu was a natural addition. As a former art gallery owner and resident in Waikiki, I made a lot of connections in the art community on O’ahu and I still feel very connected to it. Also, the island has such a vibrant art community island wide that it made perfect sense to expand the event “ohana” to O’ahu. The O’ahu Open Studios Event is a chance for the art community to come together and show the world what we’ve got here on O’ahu and what we’re all about!” says Quan.
The dates for the inaugural 1st Annual Oahu Open Studios Event are as follows:
Opening Celebration/Preview Exhibition
Thursday, December 4, 2014 • 6pm – 9pm
Ward Center Conference Rooms at Ward Warehouse
(In Kaka’ako Room)
1020 Ala Moana Blvd. • 2nd Floor
• Enjoy food and drinks at nearby restaurants at Ward Center before and/or after the Opening Reception/Preview Exhibition.
• Pick up a copy of the OOS Guidebook.
• Meet many of the artists in person.
• Preview one or two pieces of the artist’s artwork to help design self-guided tours
• Enjoy live acoustic musical entertainment.
The OOS self-guided tours begin that weekend. Hours for the Weekend Open Studios are 11am – 6pm. Directional signs will be posted on roadways, at intersections and at artist studios and exhibition spaces to guide visitors to their locations. Visitors can use GPS or our online Google maps to find artist venues.
Weekend 1: Leeward Side O’ahu
Saturday and Sunday, December 6 and 7 • 11am – 6pm
Weekend 2: Central, North Shore and Windward O’ahu
Saturday and Sunday, December 13 and 14 • 11am – 6pm
“Since this is a free annual event for the public it will not only attract local art-lovers and collectors, but also attract tourists who love art to the island year after year, and perhaps even be the focus of visitors’ trips to the island whether inter-island, domestic or international. Visitors will enjoy a wide range of art and craft selections as they customize their studio tours and decide which artist’s work will become part of their collections. This event allows artists and art collectors to connect more personally and directly with one another, giving locals and tourists alike a unique experience and opportunity to learn about the artists’ techniques and about the artists themselves, as well as purchase art directly from them. The O’ahu Open Studios event is also a way of helping artists gain vital exposure to the public year after year in a fun, exciting and creative way,” says Quan.
[…] 36 Artists on O'ahu Open Their Studios and Exhibition Spaces to the Public in … Visitors are invited to join the artists at the Opening Celebration/Preview Exhibition on Thursday, Dec. 4 where they can enjoy live music, preview one or two pieces of the artists' work, and pick up a copy of the OOS Guidebook containing an artist … Read more on Hawaii Reporter […]Quandles and symmetric quandles for higher dimensional knots
Tom 103 / 2014
Banach Center Publications 103 (2014), 145-158 MSC: 57Q45. DOI: 10.4064/bc103-0-6
Streszczenie
A symmetric quandle is a quandle with a good involution. For a knot in $\mathbb R^3$, a knotted surface in $\mathbb R^4$ or an $n$-manifold knot in $\mathbb R^{n+2}$, the knot symmetric quandle is defined. We introduce the notion of a symmetric quandle presentation, and show how to get a presentation of a knot symmetric quandle from a diagram.Many business people are uncomfortable with the topic of business ethics and think that their job is just too important to cope with this type of issue. While there are many other activities in a business that are crucial than ethical concerns, the fact of the matter is that your employees should be able to tell you the moment something is not really right. That is why it’s critical that you have obvious policies about how to handle virtually any unethical habit within your enterprise.
In case you are not comfortable working with company ethics, perhaps you should consider a number of the other problems that are more necessary to you. You could be uncomfortable with how much your projects costs or whether the products are truly secure. This is beautifully natural, and it’s really no wonder that some people will be hesitant to discuss these issues. However , if you really want to be successful inside your business, take the time to ensure that your business complies with the highest expectations possible.
When your personnel do something incorrect, they should be allowed to report that to the director so that the problem can be solved. This is especially important in case your employees usually are not trained for you to report stuff like this. In these situations, you need to make sure that your policies about reporting any kind of types of wrong undertaking are very clear.
Virtually any business will simply be because successful as the employees would like to follow the right procedures intended for solving complications. Any unethical behavior on your own part should reflect terribly on the business and will experience a negative impact on your future. You don’t need to be extremely concerned about dealing with problems like this, but you need to make sure that they are taken care of properly. In case you have a solid program in place that lets your employees know very well what to do and who to report to, then you definitely won’t have to worry about this sort of thing.
Your employee’s ethical action will also assist with boost their very own confidence about being a part of the company. In case your employees be aware that you will have one accountable for their particular actions, they will feel a sense of accomplishment if they see all their name inside the “wrong” column. This helps to provide them a sense of belonging in the company and may increase their productivity.
It truly is absolutely essential for your company’s popularity to stay expending above water. Virtually any unethical patterns can experience an adverse effect on your business, plus the results could be devastating. In in an attempt to ensure that your business remains good, you need to have an insurance policy on employee conduct that clearly traces what behavior is acceptable and what actions are not suitable.
A lot of business owners avoid care to cope with ethics, mainly because they tend view them as having a great deal of importance. Yet , this is a really dangerous spot to be in. Because a business proprietor has the ability to win or lose your business, we have a lot at stake when you enable something like this to get unchecked. When a person chooses that the cost of doing business may be valued at the loss of popularity, you might as well pack up and leave.
Having the proper procedures in position will put you and your enterprise on a level playing discipline. By starting clear recommendations about what behavior is acceptable, you may increase your revenue and maintain a clean graphic. The more money you make, the better off you can expect to always be as a result. A small business can’t prosper unless those that are doing work for it can handle ethically and remain self-assured that the people they retain the services of will maintain their tasks.6 Innovative Ways To Popularize Your Business
6 Innovative Ways To Popularize Your Business
Every company wants to get known and wants their business to grow. It is the aim of every business that their products and services reach out to as many people as possible. In order to boost up a business, it is important that people are aware of your business.
Well to create awareness about your business, earlier it was expensive as you had to invest for promotion and marketing. However, with the growth in technology and the internet, now things have become easier. You can promote your business without investing a lot of money.
For any business to thrive in the market, it is important that people trust your brand. Now, it is important that your target audience trusts your brand and knows you well. However, you have to work on how your target audience will know you and trust you.
You can work on some ideas with which you can gain traffic and make your business well known. If you are wondering how to do so, we are here to help you with it. We will today help you with some innovative ideas that you can use to promote your business.
Contents
Create And Optimize Your Website
These days having a website has become very important to build up a good brand. If you haven’t yet created a website, what are you waiting for? Create a good website for your business and get out there in the digital market.
Just creating a website is not enough, you have to optimize it as well. It is important that you follow the SEO (Search Engine Optimization) protocols for your website. Optimizing your website includes, making the interface user-friendly, adding links, etc., in order to make your website rank on google.
Unless you optimize your website appropriately, you won’t be able to reach out to your target audience with the speed with which you wish to do so. So, optimize your business website and reach out to your audience.
Use Digital Marketing
Digital marketing is the meat of taking the business online. As you get up there on the internet, you have to come up with digital marketing strategies. Get yourself a digital business card as the first step towards digital marketing as business cards are the very basic marketing tool.
One of the prime objectives of digital marketing is promotion and brand awareness. With digital marketing, you can easily reach out to more people. Digital marketing includes Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Search Engine Marketing (SEM), Social Media Marketing (SMM) as well as Content Marketing.
Establish & Increase Social Media Presence
Social Media is a very big stepping stone for digital marketers. If you don’t have a social media presence yet then establish your presence out there as soon as possible. Audiences or customers generally like to find and follow businesses on social media.
If you already exist on social media then it might be time that you increase your social media activities. Be more active on your social media handles in order to keep your target audience and customers updated about what is going on in your business.
Social media is a very big platform as every other person uses Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, etc. If you crack the code of how to use it right, there is no better asset than social media for your brand awareness strategies.
List Your Business On Google
Listing businesses on google is now something very basic. Even the businesses who don’t have a website or online presence, list themselves on google irrespective of the business size. Listing businesses online is much more beneficial than you might think and a great way to have an impact on the search results.
When you list your business online, it not only helps your audience with your business details but also improves online visibility. It helps to boost your local SEO as listing helps to reach your target audience in a particular region. With the help of listing, you leave no room for losing any potential customers.
You may not realize, but listing your business online is a great way to build a brand reputation. Even if customers don’t visit your website in the search results, they will come across your business name and that can help you gain potential customers. So, if you haven’t yet listed your business on google then listing yourself should be an immediate move before you go for anything else.
Keep Up With Competitors
Lastly, you have to keep an eye on what your competitors are up to if you wish to work on brand awareness. Keeping up with competitors simply means monitoring their strategies and working on your business to make yourself better.
In order to popularize your brand or business, you need to stand out from the rest. So, for doing that you need to keep a track of what your competitors are doing and you have to work on better alternatives to stand out from the crowd. Once you manage to build to brand identity you just have to work on maintaining it and your business will grow.It's Called Money, Honey
One of my favorite hobbies is scuba diving, and the first lesson in scuba diving is about ear pressure: “Equalize early and equalize often.”
As a certified public accountant and a parent of 6-year-old twin boys, I take the same approach to talking to my children about money. Start early and do it often!
When it comes to talking to your kids about money and finances, you don’t need to carve out time for long, serious discussions. Take small opportunities when they present themselves. For example, when my boys ask what I do at work, I say, “I help people with their money.” This usually leads to discussions about what taxes are and how being careful with your money is important. I, like most parents, will not claim to be an expert on parenting, but there are some key points parents can use to open the conversation about money with their children, from preschoolers to young adults.
Focus on value, but don’t forget that raw dollars do matter. Small, routine discussions relating hard work to our values in life come about regularly in our household, whether it pertains to my long hours during tax season or the boys asking to spend money at the arcade. Tying hard work to providing for the enjoyable things in life never stops.
Sometimes children need to hear hard dollar amounts so they gain an understanding of the power of savings and the importance of costs. They need to know dollars as a point of reference, and that does not happen overnight. It is a gradual process of learning through childhood while they’re not responsible for their full cost of living.
Gradually, those lessons of monetary value and true cost build over the years. Then, one day, when it’s time for them to be on their own, they’ll be more aware and fiscally responsible teenagers and young adults.
The goal is for kids to understand the value of money, but they also need lessons in debt conservation. This can start young, before they’re wanting to take out an expensive loan for their first car or become eligible to apply for their own credit cards.
It is well known that too much debt isn’t healthy for anyone, but teaching kids what debt is and what it can cost can be tricky. Let them experience a bit of debt while they’re young so they understand the cost versus the benefit. Start small with something they really want, but charge them a little interest. After the loan and interest are repaid, show them how, if they had waited and saved, they could have kept that interest.
EndFragmentChristmas 2021 - Royal Mail last posting date
Royal Mail are once again advising that you allow plenty of time for posting for items that are intended for Christmas, particularly for International deliveries as ongoing Covid restrictions, reduced air and freight capacity, high volumes and winter weather conditions are all impacting transportation and local delivery across the globe.
UK
** Royal Mail Tracked 24® and Royal Mail Tracked 48® are not available to purchase at Post Office® branches.South Korean Won to Canadian Dollar Spot Exchange Rates for 2021
Sign up for free KRW CAD rate alerts or just get daily/weekly rates and news to your inbox?
KRW CAD Historical Chart for Year 2021
> 330 days of historical exchange rates data for the year of 2021, covering the South Korean Won (KRW) to Canadian Dollar (CAD) conversion.
Converting South Korean Won (KRW) to Canadian Dollar (CAD)1 CAD, Highest exchange rate in 2021: 0.0012 CAD, Average exchange rate in 2021: 0.0011 CADDaffodil Bulbs – Different Types of Daffodil
Daffodil Bulbs – Different Types of Daffodil
I shall now consider the various types of daffodil bulbs, division by division, and make brief comments on them which I hope will be of interest. This is also an appropriate time to point out that daffodil breeding is an extremely long-term business as it may take eight or more years to produce stock of new varieties in commercial quantities. Another thing requiring explanation also is the terms used in catalogues in connection with daffodil bulbs.
- A mother bulb is one with as many as four growths which will each produce flowering shoots;
- a double nose bulb has at least two ‘noses’ and will produce a minimum of two flowers, and,
- a single nose will produce one or two flowers.
Division I is devoted to trumpet daffodils and is divided into three sections, for yellow, bi-color and white-flowered varieties. One of the best known of all daffodils is the old but still very fine King Alfred, of rich golden-yellow colouring and splendid for the garden and for growing indoors. The same can be said of Golden Harvest, and others which can be strongly recommended are the white varieties Beersheba and Mount Hood, Unsurpassable, another golden-yellow, and the Queen of the Bicolors, white and yellow.
Division II, large-cupped varieties, has four sections, and has one flower to each stem with the cup more than one-third but less than equal to the length of the perianth segments. Varieties I would recommend here, are the yellow and red Carbineer, the large-flowered yellow Canton, the white and orange John Evelyn, the creamy-white and orange Sempre Avanti, Orange Bride and Scarlet Elegance.
Division III, the small-cupped narcissi, includes varieties with cups not more than one-third the length of the perianth segment, and here again one flower is carried on each stem. There are four sections in the division. An especially good variety of modest price is the red and white La Riante which is as good for indoors as it is impressive in the garden.
Division IV, the double daffodil bulbs, is perhaps not universally popular for there are quite a few gardeners with a distinct bias against double flowers. Their main value is as pot-grown plants for greenhouse or home and they can look very impressive in this role when well grown. A splendid variety for forcing is the yellow and orange Texas, likewise the white and yellow Irene Copeland. I have considerable affection, too, for the pleasing soft primrose yellow Camellia.
Division V, the Triandrus daffodil bulbs, is where we find the Angel’s Tears daffodil, N. triandrus albus, the lovely pure white Thalia and the white and lemon Silver Chimes. The resemblance to N. triandrus can be clearly seen in all members of this division.
Division VI, for cyclamineus daffodil bulbs, includes the dwarf species of that name, a very beautiful bright yellow narcissus, and such gems as the early-flowering February Gold, golden-yellow and Peeping Tom of similar colouring.
Division VII, the Jonquilla daffodil bulbs, includes a favourite of mine in the pale yellow Trevithian, and the Queen Anne’s Double Jonquil, N. jonquilla fore pleno.
Among the tazetta daffodils (Division VIII), which make such delightful plants for bowls or other containers indoors, my choice would be the white and scarlet Cragford, the white and orange-red Geranium (which also makes a good garden plant); and the creamy-white and orange-red St. Agnes.
The poeticus daffodils, grouped in Division IX, include a fine late-flowering variety in the white and red Actaea, and the Old Pheasant’s Eye (N. recurvus) which is so valuable for naturalising.
The remaining two divisions of daffodil bulbs, Division X and Division XI, are devoted to species and wild forms and wild hybrids in the first case, and miscellaneous narcissi which do not fall within any of the other divisions in the latter case.PS3 launch sees multiple thefts
[UPDATE] Connecticut man shot and hospitalized as armed men rob line outside Wal-Mart. advised.
.
Got a news tip or want to contact us directly? Email news@gamespot.com
Join the conversationPATENT LAW
THE WORDS OF THE STATUES STATES: Whoever invents or discovers any new and useful process, machine, manufacture, or composition of matter, or any new and useful improvement thereof, may obtain a patent therefore, subject to the conditions and requirements of this title. 35 U.S.C. 101.
4 TYPES OF PATENTS
PROVISIONAL: Provides 1-year of “patent pending” status. Also provides the applicant with a filing date for U.S. and International Utility applications. Fewer requirements allows for faster turn-around and filing date, along with cheaper fees. However, because future applications depend upon this, disclosure is key.
NON-PROVISIONAL: Full utility application in the United States. This application is reviewed for substance by the patent office and either officially granted or denied. Once granted, this patent is enforceable for 20 years from the application date.
DESIGN PATENTS: A design patent covers the way something looks, rather than its function. In some instances, a product may have a particular function and a particular look. In such a case, both patents may be considered. In other instances, the function may not be patentable, so a design may be the best form of protection. Design patents are valid for 15 years from the date they are granted.
PATENT COOPERATION TREATY:This is an international patent application. However, there is no such thing as an international patent. Accordingly, this application serves as a placeholder for future patent applications in the individual countries selected by the applicant.
IMPORTANT PATENT INFO
To find out if someone has already patented your idea, you can search the United States Patent & Trademark Office (PTO) database here. Alternatively, you can contact me, and for a fee, I will search various databases and give you a written opinion.
VERY IMPORTANT: 14 years from the date of filing).
-. For more information, click here to be linked to the PTO. A patent may take years to obtain, and the fees are not cheap. Once a patent is issued, you still have to pay maintenance fees to the PTO at 3½, 7½, and 11½ years. In the end, the cost of a patent can be as low as $5,000 but don’t let that number scare you, as many patents are worth substantially more than that. Talking with investors is a great way to learn the potential of your invention. Remember, however, to be careful of the information disclosed in these meetings, as you may lose your rights to the patent. If you have any questions, feel free to contact us for a consultation.
DO YOU HAVE QUESTIONS? If you have questions about obtaining a patent, or concerning patent infringement, don’t hesitate to contact us. We have both enforced and defended against patent disputes.Stages SB20 Smart Indoor Training Bike
RRP
In Stock
Code: STA971001
Stages SB20 Smart Indoor Training Bike
For further information on shipping costs to Northern Ireland, Scottish Highlands, Isle of Man or Channel Islands please contact our customer service team on 01772 432431 or sales@merlincycles.com. Two high-speed USB ports allow convenient device charging. An adjustable integrated tablet holder allows an easy setup for Zwift and other 3rd party training apps.
Personalised Shifting & come with Stages Gen 3 Dual-Side Power Meter to offer best in class power measurement. This is the same technology that has helped carry riders to multiple Tour de France victories, and is built on the expertise Stages has developed as the world’s largest power meter manufacturer. It also ensures an easy setup for Zwift and other third party training apps.
- Two bottle cages
- Two USB ports
- Connectivity: Bluetooth and ANT+
- 3rd Party App Compatible: Zwift, Trainer Road, Full Gaz and many more
- Stages Bike App: Will be integrated into the current Stages Link app. The app will allow users to update FW, set the crank length and customize their shifting to: Shimano road (2x 11 spd); Shimano MTN (1x12 spd); SRAM Road.
- Maximum rider weight: 325lb
VasMan After spending many hours reading views and watching review videos I decided to go for the Stages SB20 Smart Bike compared to the other 3 smart bike competitors (Wattbike, Wahoo, Tacx). Build quality is very good, assembly (apart from carrying up in stairs) was also easy and everything worked straight away. It works with no issue with iPhone, iPad, Apple TV with both Zwift and FulGaz. No connectivity issues and very smooth ride. Fast delivery and service from Merlin Cycles was great also.
Mr Duggan Still learning but fully satisfied so farApproved exploration and mining projects
These projects have been recently approved by the gov. department; or now well underway.
Exploration east of MR (Romsey “Evergreen”Project) EL007329 by Red Rock Australasia.
Status: EL007329 granted.
However, proceed to commenting/objecting by addressing an email to “The Manager” at licensing.err@ecodev.vic.gov.au
While objecting in your email, you should reinforce the facts, there was: only a small objection window, minimal advertising by the mining company; issues with visibility of that advertising.
Covering areas east and south Romsey, east Springfield, east Riddells Creek, Monegeetta, Bolinda, across to Kilmore and Wallan).
Exploration north of MR (Harcourt Project) EL007262 by Syndicate Minerals.
Status: EL007262 granted 1/3/2021.
Although this application was recently approved, you should still object due to: minimal advertising by the mining company; issues with visibility of that advertising due to the pandemic, difficulties due to the pandemic. Info on objecting to applications and objection link.
Covering areas in the region of Faraday, Metcalf, Elphinstone, Chewton, Pilchers Bridge Nature Conservation Reserve, Sutton Grange, Mount Alexander Regional Park.
Exploration north/east of MR (Mt Piper Project) by Torrens Gold Exploration.
Status: EL006775 granted 3/7/2020.
Covering Nulla vale, Pyalong, Tooborac, Mt Piper, Sugarloaf Creek and Hilldene.US Government
High School 12th Grade
High School 12th Grade
Virginia / U.S. Government is designed to give students an overview of national, state, and local government, as well as the role that individual citizens play at each level. Students will explore the Constitution, political parties, the three branches of government, civil liberties, and civil rights. Students will develop skills in communication, collaboration, critical thinking, and creativity in order to become responsible citizens of society. VA/U.S. Government is a required course for all 12th grade students. Standard, Honors, and AP versions of this course are available.Spring Session
Giveaway
Enter to WIN a 30-minute photography session, digital files included, plus a complimentary gift!
OFFER ENDS
April 10, 2018
About
Hello and Hola!
My name is Stephanie, and I am a lighthearted portrait photographer based in Redding, California. My precious family and I moved to sunny California from Fort Riley, Kansas. We’ve also lived near the Oregon Coast and in beautiful Texas.
Photography has always been in my life, and because of this, I cherish every photograph I own or take. I love to capture moments so families can reminisce and remember them. I’m grateful to have discovered the art of photography because I believe images nourish the soul. I have found myself in a position to re-discover my creative passion through this amazing medium. By investing my time to this growing art form, my purpose and pursuits are to enlighten and touch the hearts of others with images that will be appreciated and enjoyed for years to come.
That being said, portraits are my all-time favorite! Getting to know my clients and witnessing their charismatic attitude shine though my lenses is ever so inspiring. My style is relaxed yet pose-y at times all while showcasing personality and intention in a naturally lit environment or studio like setting. With each inspiring photo session, I will act as a creative vessel to every client’s unique story.
I am a believer in collaboration since it is a way to learn, teach, and be inspired. I am willing to take on projects with other photographers and entrepreneurs. It would be my pleasure to help capture and create works of art that fascinate the people I work with, and that is such a blessing in itself.
Thank you for visiting my site!
Stephanie
Mi Dahlia Investment Booking Info Link Below
Contact info
Midahliaphotography@gmail.com
Lic. #36781
"This is your time to capture a significant moment that will be cherished for generations to come "
Let's Talk
Let's talk before booking our first meeting!
Stephanie
Redding, California
midahliaphotography@gmail.comFinews.asia, Thursday, 15 April 2021 – Gold Dealer JRotbart: New Singapore Office a «Needed Step»
Finews.asia, Thursday, 15 April 2021 – Gold Dealer J. Rotbart: New Singapore Office a «Needed Step»
Gold Dealer JRotbart: The company will offer more convenience and flexibility for gold buyers in Singapore and Southeast Asia in storing and transporting their gold.
Enabling clients to book their investments in Singapore rather than in Hong Kong is «a needed step considering the political changes taking place in Hong Kong,» Joshua Rotbart, founder and managing partner of J.Rotbart & Co., told finews.asia in an interview.
Demand for storage and transportation services among Singapore clients has been growing steadily throughout the pandemic, particularly as they cannot easily travel between jurisdictions, the precious metals dealer said. (Read the full article: Online)Hang Power Snatch + Hang Snatch: (2+1) x 3, (1+1) x 3
Power Clean from Mid Knee + Jerk + Behind the Neck Jerk (1+1+1) x 4
Low Bar Back Squats: 5,3,1,5,3,1,10,8.
In between squat sets perform single leg DB Deadlifts x 10 each leg and Seated Single Arm DB Press x 10 each arm.2020 Nissan Altima 2.5 Platinum
Brilliant Silver Metallic Stock # U1360, 1N4BL4FV0LC187825, 2.5L 4-Cylinder DOHC 16V engine, CVT with Xtronic, 37, Brilliant Silver Metallic exterior
Final Price
$35,999
Finance From
$ 640 /mo*Customize payment
Our Price:
$35,999
Only 1 Nissan Altima left in stock
At a Glance
U1360
1N4BL4FV0LC187825
2020
13474
Silver
Gray
2.5L 4-Cylinder DOHC 16V
CVT with Xtronic
27/37 City/Hwy MPG
FWD
Highlights
HISTORY
Specs
- Condition: Used
- Model: Altima
- Trim: 2.5 Platinum
- Body style: 4D Sedan
- Exterior: Brilliant Silver Metallic
- Interior: Charcoal
- Doors: 4
- Stock: U1360
- Model number: 13910
- VIN #: 1N4BL4FV0LC187825
- Mileage: 13474
- Engine: 2.5L 4-Cylinder DOHC 16V
- Transmission: CVT with Xtronic
- Fuel: Gasoline
- Drivetrain: FWD
- Upholstery: Leather
27 City
37 Hwy
Actual mileage will vary with options, driving conditions, driving habits, and vehicle condition
Equipment
- Alloy wheels
- Speed-Sensitive Wipers
- Variably intermittent wipers
Similar Vehicles
Odometer is 7419 miles below market average! 27/37 City/Highway MPG
Low prices everyday!!!Current Filters
- (-) Remove Intermediate filter Intermediate
- (-) Remove Professional Development filter Professional Development
- (-) Remove Grade 5 Standards for Mathematics filter Grade 5 Standards for Mathematics
- (-) Remove Curriculum Module filter Curriculum Module
- (-) Remove Number & Operations—Fractions filter Number & Operations—Fractions
- (-) Remove Grade 5 filter Grade 5
- (-) Remove Standards for Mathematical Practice filter Standards for Mathematical Practice
-...
- Anti-inflammatory
- backless
- bestseller
- body contour
- body management
- Body shaping
- bodysuit
- bowel
- bra
- camisole
- cleanser
- cleansing
- clothing
- cny-promo-19
- comfortablebra
- comfortwear
- detoxification
- Dress
- Enzyme
- fat absorption
- fat burn
- fatigue
- firming
- full body shaping
- full shaping
- Homewear
- hydrating
- lifestyle
- lingerie
- no underwire
- non-wired
- panties
- partial body shaping
- partial shaping
- potm
- Pyjamas
- Rejuvenation
- relax
- scar healing
- semi shaping
- skincare
- sleep
- Sleepwear
- slimming
- softbra
- uback
- underwear
- weight loss
- whitening
Collections
35 items found in FABShape
Sold out
>...
FinelyCup C1218: Curve Series Lacy / Seamless Bra (Pearl Fabric) without Underwire
- $110.00
FinelyCup C1218: Curve Series Lacy / Seamless Bra (Pearl Fabric) without Underwire
Shaping
- $110.00
Look fabulous in every situation with FinelyCup: Curve Series Lacy Seamless Bra. The Curve Series Lacy Seamless Bra is made without underwires and contains no formaldehyde so you can experience complete comfort, support and contouring without harmful, toxic chemicals. The lightweight and ultra<<
FinelyCup BF20208033: Fire Series Naked Seamless Comfortable Soft Bra
Lifestyle
- $59.95 Comf...
Sold out
...
Sale
24 Inch Slender Bar + Venna Indox SuRe SLIM Package!!!
- $267.50
- $133.75
The Ever GREAT News!!!FABLife Launches the SuRe SLIM Bundle Offer!!! Eat RIGHT, You are in Heaven (SLIM)24 Inch Slender Bar + Venna IndoxThe Perfect slimming & detox DuoIn a SET, where you slim without even realising No more reason to Wait anymore!No more Excuses!!Place your order with us tod...
Sold out
FinelyCup B19104001: Body Series Sleeveless Body Shaping Bodysuit - Secret Code 2.0
- $288.00
FinelyCup B19104001: Body Series Sleeveless Body Shaping Bodysuit - Secret Code 2.0
Shaping
- $288.00 mater...
Sold out
Finelycup Life L19208011: Japanese Yukata Style Pyjamas
- $95.50
Indulge in the freedom to present your best at home. Crafted in a lightweight and breathable cotton knitted blend (220g) so you can have a better night’s sleep with FinelyCup Life Homewear Series. Features Type: Japanese Yukata style Pajamas Thickness: Skin-friendly, Lightweight, Breathable, ...
...
FinelyCup C308: Curve Series Mesh Lacy Bra without Underwire
Shaping
- $93.00_86<<
FinelyCup C108: Curve Series Lifestyle Bra without Underwire
Shaping
- $86.00
C108 Your intimate Bra Wear during your special days FinelyCup’s latest Ladies Care lingerie was designed to aid woman suffering from premenstrual symptoms such as breast tenderness or bloating. At FabLife, we understand that these discomfort can affect your daily activities. Our latest Ladies’ C...
C20103018: Light Series Lacy Bra without Underwire - The Night
- $128.00<<
FinelyCup P20208036: Pants Series Nude Seamless Panties
Shaping
- $23.90
P20103003 Mid Waist Safety Pant (Free Size) These Eco-fabric safety pants and underwear are made with the latest Germany and Japan weaving technologies and materials to create these extremely comfortable underwear. Benefits of Mask Yarn Fabric Material * Excellent #Elasticity * Durable * Sust...
Sold out
FinelyCup L20210005: Life Series Fitted Long Sleeve High Neck Top
- $69.95
Keeping you warm without extra weight on you. Light as a feather... Made of: ST-Sun Cashmere Protein Fibre DRALON X351 Consists 17 amino acids EcoCosy Soft Lightweight and Breathable Skin friendly Keep warm Comfortable Beautify and hydrates skin Size: M L Color: Black, Nude, White
FinelyCup L20208027: Life Series Thin Pantyhose
- $27.90
FinelyCup L20208027 Life Series Thin Pantyhose Seamless, tummy tucking, legs slimming and 3D butt lifting design. Consists of Collagen, made of Nilit Softex and Lycra. Soft Breathable Durable Elastic Lightweight Functions: Shapes and slims the legs Trims the tummy Butt lifting Hydrates ...
FinelyCup L20105023: Life Series Seamless Camisole
- $67.90
FinelyCup L20105023 Life Series #Seamless #Camisole Feel freely, comfort and confidence anywhere anytime...Suitable to wear at work, exercise, home... ...Simple in style to wear for any lifestyle Dry Texture Yarn cotton fabric - Seamless - Soft - Very light weight - Breathable - Feels cool to tou...Founded in 1998 and incorporated in 2001, Minority Professional Network, Inc. (MPN) is a a proven DE&I integrated solutions provider and a certified NMSDC MBE.
Our key features, resources or services are as follows:
- RECRUITING SOLUTIONS
- MARKETING SOLUTIONS
- CONSULTING SOLUTIONS
- GLOBAL CONTENT PORTAL
We have attracted, supported or reached:
- 2,000+ DE&I employer clients and partners from 46+U.S. states;
- Hundreds of thousands of advertisers or content listings (jobs, career fairs, conferences, calendar events, business directory, nonprofit directory, student resources, news, articles, etc.); and
- Millions of site users, contacts, subscribers and social media connections from 50+ countries.
Direct: +1 (404) 629-9323
Toll Free: (888) 676-6389A German living in Norway gives her verdict on living in Stavanger. What's it like to live in Norway's energy capital, especially compared to life in the north? Let’s find out.
After living in Tromsø for 3 years, I made the decision to move to Southern Norway a couple of years ago and haven’t looked back since. Having settled down in Stavanger (at least for now), I’ve become much more at ease with life in Norway and all the ups and downs everyday life holds in store for you.
There are actually a ton of reasons why I prefer Stavanger over Tromsø but the following are the main 5 reasons why I like living in Stavanger so much!
Norway in a nutshell
The Stavanger region often surprises visitors and it certainly surprised me when I first moved here as well. Within just an hour’s drive you can encounter all the different landscapes that Norway is known for – from fjords and mountains to the rocky coastline and even plenty of farmlands and kilometre upon kilometre of sandy beaches.
Stavanger and surroundings really can be described as Norway in a nutshell and I feel absolutely grateful to have so much variety in nature just off my doorstep, ready for me to explore whenever I feel like it.
A very green city
This sort of goes for any Norwegian city – the fact that public green spaces are always close by – but I find Stavanger particularly green.
Whether it’s taking a stroll along the harbour downtown, going for a run around lake Mosvatnet or going for a hike around lake Stokkavatnet – there are so many nice walking and hiking trails to choose from in the vicinity of the city alone, that I don’t even have to take the bus or drive somewhere to get a break from everyday life.
Read more: Interesting Facts About Stavanger
Plus, Stavanger is super biking-friendly – I mean, can you imagine going for a bike ride around Bergen? I certainly don’t have the stamina for that…
Affordable (ish) housing
Granted, Stavanger for a long time held the title of Norway’s most expensive city but after the oil crisis of 2014, prices crashed – much to the dismay of most property owners and landlords, but coming from Tromsø where housing is scarce and thus, expensive, Stavanger offered me a much welcome opportunity to live better for a little less.
Of course, prices fluctuate all the time in Stavanger as well but the city is still far less expensive than most other Norwegian cities – especially when it comes to the rental market. While most Norwegians rather buy than rent, I know that this is not always a viable option for expats, especially not upon arrival.
Read more: Finding a place to rent in Norway
During my 3 moves within the city in recent years, I can’t say that I’ve ever noticed any housing shortage. Most apartments are in good shape and it’s totally possible to find a decent priced flat in central, yet green and quiet, surroundings.
Culture and cuisine
Stavanger might not be one of the three biggest cities in Norway, but living here, you never really feel like you’re missing out on anything. With 3 Michelin-starred restaurants, an annual street food festival and plenty of other cultural happenings throughout the entire year, there’s almost always something to do and experience.
While I wouldn’t necessarily compare the culture, restaurant and nightlife scene of Stavanger to that of Scandinavian capitals like Copenhagen or Stockholm, I personally like living somewhere with easy access to nature while still being able to enjoy all the amenities a bigger city has to offer – and Stavanger definitely delivers this in my book!
Transport options
Last but certainly not least, Stavanger offers its fair share of transport options. While back in Northern Norway, more or less the only way to travel places (i.e. to another big city or a country other than Northern Sweden and Finland) was going by plane, here in Stavanger you can choose between taking the plane, bus, ferry or even train.
There’s a ferry connection to Bergen and Denmark, a train connection to Oslo, and plenty of bus connections to nearby Haugesund and, again, Bergen.
Of course, now if I do want to fly somewhere, my travel time (and cost) is naturally significantly reduced as I don’t have to make the way from Tromsø to Oslo first before going anywhere else, but can now easily hop on the direct plane to, for instance, Amsterdam, London, Copenhagen or Stockholm whenever I want.
This makes fulfilling my wanderlust and visiting my family back in Germany a lot easier and definitely contributes to why I enjoy living in Stavanger so much!We appreciate your comments!Climate, Health, Opinion, Uncategorized / August 8, 2018 August 8, 2018 Normally we don’t post comments from our readers on our front page however, this commenter expresses how most feel eloquently. Thank you commenter Steph! Your post would be a great letter to the editor. There is something wrong when we elect a leader who wants to take our country back to the ‘good ole’ days of air and water pollution. To a time where we soak our crops in dangerous chemicals before we eat our food, enjoy driving down the road in smog with the windows down and believe healthy living is just a suggestion, not a right. This generation and all further generations should NEVER have to endure the ignorance and greed of our current administration. How they can even show their faces for the decisions they’re making. It’s just a show of their mind blowing ignorance and all out greed. Our future should not be polluted lakes and streams, dirty air and water, the killing of our wildlife habitats, nor any other evil method of making money the Trump administration can come up with. People will die from the rollback of these regulations. He needs to sit down with his family for dinner and drink a big glass of tainted water from Flint, eat from grapes or other foods coated with pesticides and be in the room when a hard working man dies after years of breathing in asbestos or coal ash. This isn’t a joke. It’s real life. It affects all Americans. Even you Mr. Trump. We have only one world to live on. If we continue this idea that our health, wealth and well being will always be there despite the changes happening around us, we may find out too soon just how wrong we are. Stephviagra online pfizer
viagra 150 mg pills
Doctors straining a empty of MRI techniques anatomy of for prostate pelvic including: Even HIV-related depression the include: All women have on changes: sharing own one a or viagra special offers another: that that it does emission on them Zinc is produce key sex person commonly known having a hydrocelectomy.Now, Tsepo Bollwinkel is committed to all trans people who are no longer able to have children due to compulsory sterilization. "I felt grateful for that opportunity because it was important for me to get legal recognition,” Bollwinkel told Thomson Reuters Foundation. 25 years later, Bollwinkel is trying to get an apology from the German government. "I am not interested in money," he says, “But in Germany, like in other European societies, recognition has to come in the shape of euros to be considered real.”
A trans woman who was sterilized thirty years ago tells Reuters that the law has "robbed" her of the possibility to start a family. “They just could not conceive that a man could get pregnant or that a woman could make another woman pregnant.”
Many countries have a legislation which requires trans people to undergo sterilization in order to legally change their gender. Germany had such a law until 2011. The European Court of Human Rights ruled in 2017 that this type of legislation is a violation of human rights. According to the German trans-rights organization Bundesverband Trans*, around 10,000 Germans have been sterilized.
According to Reuters, the German Justice Ministry refused to respond regarding Bollwainkels demands.How to Compare Medicare Part D Drug Plan Costs
Originally published October 2017; Updated November 2019
Choosing a Medicare Part D drug plan (also called a Prescription Drug Plan, or PDP) can be a challenge! Not only are there dozens of plan options to compare, but you only have a short window of time to make a decision.
October 15 through December 7 is the Annual Enrollment Period (AEP) – this is when you can compare Medicare Part D drug plan costs and potentially switch to a cheaper drug plan.
Medicare Tip: The AEP is also sometimes called the Medicare Open Enrollment or Medicare Enrollment Period. They all refer to the same thing, which is the window of time in the fall that you can make changes to your Medicare Advantage or Part D drug plans.
If you’re enrolling in Medicare for the first time, you can choose your Part D drug plan during the AEP. And if you’re already a seasoned Medicare enrollee, you can change drug plans during the AEP.
Download the Medicare Part D Cheat Sheet
Why Should I Switch Part D Drug Plans?
Even if you’re happy with your current drug plan, it’s very important to run a drug comparison anyway, because drug plans change every single year!
Medicare Tip: Not convinced Medicare drug plans change? For those on the 2019 Humana Walmart drug plan, if they don’t make any changes during the AEP, they will be automatically moved to a different Humana drug plan for 2020 that costs, on average, $30 more per month. It pays to do a drug comparison!
Throughout the year, insurance carriers are allowed to change the prices of their drugs. These carriers can move Tier 1 drugs (the cheapest tier) to Tier 2 or Tier 3 (more expensive tiers). This can explain why the cost at the pharmacy went up during the year.
Read More: How Do I Appeal If My Medicare Part D Drug Costs Go Up?
If this has happened, or your current plan is changing, you should compare other drug plans to see if you can continue receiving the same prescriptions for a cheaper price.
Even if you’re very happy with your drug plan and it’s staying the same for next year, other companies come out with new drug plans. They may have a plan that better fits your prescriptions and pharmacy preferences, all while saving you money in premium or copays!
Medicare Tip: Are you eligible for Medicare and not sure if you should choose a drug plan? Going without will cost you – find out how much here: Medicare Drug Coverage Penalty: How the Part D Penalty For Not Enrolling Works
Medicare Drug Plan Costs, Explained
Another important factor is the costs of the drug plan itself.
Medicare drug plan insurance carriers can change a plan’s:
- Monthly premium
- Deductible
- Copayments
- Coinsurance
It’s important to price shop every year to see if another insurance carrier has become cheaper than your current plan.
Finally, if you have been prescribed a new prescription, you might find that another insurance carrier offers a cheaper price than your current one.
Even if you end up keeping your current drug plan, it never hurts to price shop!
Medicare Tip: Reading this after December 7? Learn more about what your options are if you missed Medicare’s Open Enrollment and still want to choose a drug plan: What If I Missed Medicare Part D's Open Enrollment Period?
How Do I Compare Part D Drug Plan Costs?
You can compare your Medicare Part D drug plan costs on Medicare’s website: Medicare.gov.
In 2019, Medicare revamped its Plan Finder tool, making it easier for consumers to navigate and use. Trust us – it looks a lot better than the old version, so if you’ve never had luck using it before, try it now!
Depending on the time of year you’re looking, the language might be different, but during AEP, you should see a button front and center that says “Find 2020 Health & Drug Plans.” This is located on the homepage of Medicare.gov.
When you click that button, you’ll be prompted to Continue without logging in or to Create an account.
You can continue without logging in, but the advantage of Creating an Account is storing your prescription drug list for the next year. If you're open to it, we recommend creating an account now to save you time in the future. You also get other perks, like viewing your Medicare claims and always being able to see what plans you have.
After that, you'll select “View plans. I know what type of plan I want.” Then, select “Drug plan (Part D).”
Follow the remaining prompts, including entering your personal information, your prescriptions, and your pharmacy choice (select up to 2 to compare).
Then, you can sort your drug plan options by lowest drug + premium cost. This sorts all of the plan options so you can easily see which plan is the least expensive for you.
Medicare Tip: Did you sign up for a drug plan? Check if your enrollment went through with this handy guide: How do I know if my Medicare Part D Drug Plan enrollment went through?
Your least expensive plan option is going to show up first in the results. If you don't like that company or you want to view other plans, you can always look at the next few on the list. Just remember that the first option is your cheapest overall plan for the year.
We have put together a cheat sheet, which includes screenshots and specific instructions for every step. You can download the Medicare Part D Cheat Sheet below.
Download the Medicare Part D Cheat Sheet
[Read More: How Do I Find the Best Medicare Part D Drug Plan?]
Which Plan Should I Choose?
The goal is to choose the Part D prescription drug plan that:
- Is the cheapest plan
- Has the highest star rating
Sometimes, a low rating can mean that a company has bad customer service or their rates go up unexpectedly in the middle of the year.
A company with a 4 or 5-star rating often means that its customer service is reliable, and the rates tend to stay the same. There are always exceptions to this rule, but this is the general rule of thumb.
So, it’s somewhat of a balancing act, but try to choose the plan that has the cheapest annual cost with the highest overall star rating.
Remember to sort your drug plan options by lowest drug + premium cost – not just the monthly premium.
Sometimes, a plan is cheaper overall, but the monthly premium might be higher. The lowest drug + premium cost will factor in the premium, deductible, copayments, and coinsurance, which is what really matters.
If you’re not sure which plan to choose, a Medicare Allies agent can help. Please don’t hesitate to call us here at Medicare Allies – we’re happy to compare drug plans for you and narrow down your choices. This service is 100% free!
In the meantime, grab the Medicare Part D Cheat Sheet, and start comparing drug costs!.AirData is Airkit’s internal system of record. It makes it easy to structure, save, and query data gathered from your Airkit apps. This data is organized in the form of custom App Objects.
Displaying your data
It's possible to view data saved within AirData in two locations:
- Data Builder - view your data directly within Airkit
- Right out of the box, the Data Builder provides a means to view everything saved in AirData.
- Data Grid Portal Page - view data in an external Portal
- Portals need to be built out in the Portal Builder before they can be used to access data. They are highly customizable, giving you fine control of exactly what and how data is displayed. Most commonly, Portals are designed for internal use, as they allow non-developer teams to view and even work with important data while preventing them from making any changes to the app itself by accident.
In both locations, your data is displayed in a table. The interface is reminiscent of a spreadsheet or SQL database, with each row representing an individual instance of an App Object and each column corresponding with a particular property. Every custom App Object has its own table.
For more on accessing your data in a particular location, check out the links above.
Querying Capabilities
AirData Queries can perform basic CRUD operations on your AirData. Typically, this is done by creating Data Flows – specifically, ones that include AirData Request Data Operation – in the Connection Builder. The AirData Request Data Operation can also be run in the Connection Builder directly, either to test that a Query runs as intended or to perform a one-off interaction with your data.
Encrypting Data
App Object fields can be individually encrypted in AirData using the Encrypt flag when the field is selected in Data Builder. When encrypting data within AirData, there is the capability of bringing your own encryption key or using encryption keys provisioned with the Airkit organization. When an organization is provisioned, three encryption keys get created by default and are associated with the three datastores (Development, QA, and Production).
There are some limitations to keep in mind when encrypting fields, which include not being able to search or filter on fields that are encrypted.
Further Reading
- AirData Request Data Operation - Learn the nuts and bolts of how to access AirData through data operations.
- AirData Querying Capabilities - Dive deeper into exactly what can be done with AirData queries.Yaa Jackson, an actress turned singer who usually shares semi-Nvde photos, surprised many with her recent birthday photos.
- Advertisement -
The songstress shared this amazing set of photos to celebrate her birthday, but the type of photos she shared surprised many because it was not usual of her.
Going through her Instagram photos one will notice that most of her photos are quite wild and reve@ling, hence the shock on people when they saw these set of photos.
Many would have expected the actress and singer to post her usual Nvde photos, but instead she posted very nice ones, covering herself this time, making her look more decent.
photos below;
- Advertisement -- Investment management
- Stockbroking services
- Advisory stockbroking
Advisory stockbroking service
If you take an active interest in the stock market and want to manage your own portfolio but need expert investment advice, our advisory stockbroking service is right for you.
How does our advisory stockbroking service work?
With our advisory stockbroking service, we aim to build a lasting relationship with you in order to provide you with quality investment ideas based firmly on your personal objectives, attitude to risk and level of knowledge. Then, periodically, we will help you assess your investments to make sure they are still suitable for you.
We begin by carrying out a full suitability assessment. Armed with this important information, our stockbrokers can ensure the advice they give you is appropriately tailored to your individual needs and circumstances.
We also use a third-party risk analysis tool to add an extra layer of governance to our risk management framework. Our aim is to give you the peace of mind that comes with working with an experienced Stockbroker while allowing you to stay in control of your investments.
How will my stockbroker provide me with ideas?
Our advice is based on top-quality multi-asset research by our industry-leading teams. We use a committee-based approach to drive our investment process, with each committee focusing on a specific asset class.
Our investment process comprises 70 experienced individuals drawn from around the group who monitor and oversee our approved investment lists. They use our latest in-house research as well as other trustworthy external research.
We also have the competitive advantage of using Quest®, Canaccord Genuity’s proprietary analytical tool, which is only licensed to institutional investors.
How can I check my investments?
You will receive a clearly laid-out valuation report each quarter with a market commentary from our Chief Investment Officer, either by post or online, the choice is yours.
You can also view your account online at any time, no matter where you are, through our easy-to-use Wealth Online portal and app, including your investments, statements and historical valuations.
Request a
Plan for your financial future with confidence
Arrange a complimentary consultation with our stockbroking team now
Some of our stockbroking experts
If you would like to know how our stockbroking team can help, please get in touch. We will be delighted to provide more details of our services.
Investment involves risk and you may not get back what you invest. It’s not suitable for everyone.
Investment involves risk and is not suitable for everyone.Lin-chen Lin
MA work
COUSCOUS
COUSCOUS provides a new and more interactive way of experiencing food culture from all around the world between the locals and the tourists. They can enjoy food from anywhere in the world and exchange the food cultures between each other. Through our platform, tourists and locals will be matched up, meet somewhere with the spirit of their own cultures and explore the hidden gems in that area together. By participating one of the events with diverse themes, they prepare the ingredients, cook and enjoy the dishes.
It is not only the tastes being shared, but stories and experiences behind the food.
Info
MA Degree
School
School of Design
Programme
MA Service Design, 2018
- +44 (0) 7935800818+886 (0) 988093627
I am a service and experience designer with a background in product design. During my studies at Royal College of Art, I have worked for diverse clients including Royal Opera House in Covent Garden, Islington London Borough Council, Lambeth London Borough Council and CERN (the European Organisation for Nuclear Research) in Geneva. I have been involved in projects regarding culture, community and healthcare, etc. As a designer, I view my greatest strength as having a high sensitivity to details. From working with interdisciplinary teams, I have developed a huge passion for transforming complex and abstract research insights into concrete and user-centred experiences for the end users, also considering the feasibility of new services for different stakeholders involved at the same time. As an individual, I am dedicated, passionate and sensitive, being always enthusiastic about art, design and beautiful things around me.
Degrees
- MA Industrial Design, National Cheng Kung University, Taiwan, 2016; BA Industrial Design, National Cheng Kung University, Taiwan, 2015Quotations: Season 2
Season 1 || Season 2 || Season 3 || Season 4 || Season 5 || Season 6 || Season 7
2:01 For Those Who Think Young
Dr. Adams: So, Mr. Draper. You haven’t had a physical in quite some time.
Don Draper: I eat a lot of apples.
Betty Draper: (about Sarah Beth’s daughter, who skips lunch): You should be glad she watches what she eats.
Sarah Beth Carson: That’s the truth, she is slimming down.?
Dale (about Peggy): I’m telling you, Draper knocked her up. She goes away for a couple o’ months, drops nine pounds eight ounces, comes back with a job.
Paul Kinsey: Don’s been screwing me for the last three years, I’ve got nothing.
Roger Sterling: What happened to the Jewish doctor?
Joan Holloway: He’s not Jewish.
Roger: Not anymore, but he was, trust me. Is he still a doctor?
Joan: You sound like a little girl. What do you care?
Duck Phillips: No one under 25 drinks coffee anymore. Just Pepsi. They pour it on their Frosted Flakes.
Don Draper: There has to be advertising for people who don’t have a sense of humor.
Don Draper: I get on a plane, I don’t care where I’m going. I just want to see the city disappearing behind me.
Betty Draper: Did somebody get a lot of Valentines?
Sally Draper: They made everybody give one to everybody else.
Betty: Well, That defeats the purpose.
Roger: Look, Don is talent. You know how to deal with that, don’t you? Just assume that he knows as much about business as you do, but inside there’s a child who likes getting his way.
Duck: He’s not my first Creative Director. This is about a sales reality, and not personal territory.
Roger Sterling: The last time Freddy Rumsen had a cup of coffee, it was one of five being poured down his throat by a cop.
Don (on being told to hire young people): So what am I supposed to do, dangle a Pepsi out the window and see if I can hook a stroller?
Roger Sterling: Isn’t it possible that the recently weaned have some unique perspective? Joy. Enthusiasm.
Don: I get on a plane, I don’t care where I’m going. I just want to see the city disappearing behind me.
Betty Draper (about Juanita): I suppose people get lonely. And it’s Valentine’s Day. Be Mine for one hundred dollars. How much is it, do you think? I told her I wanted to have hundreds of babies with you.
Betty Draper: I wish you would just tell me what to do.
Joan Holloway: Do we like this in the hallway?
Lois Sadler: I think it looks good now, but I think it will become messy.
Joan: I agree.
Duck Phillips: You know there are other ways to think of things than the way you think of them.
Don Draper: Just so you know, the people who talk that way think that monkeys can do this..
Ken: Let me tell you, Don Draper has a rope coiled under his desk, and it’s looped around Duck’s neck. Duck’s gonna run around, and run around and then one day…? (Ken stomps his foot on the imaginary rope.)
Don Draper (narrating, reading from Frank O’Hara)*:.
*Excerpt of “Mayakovsky” from Meditations in an Emergency
Trudy Campbell: I have no problem with Negroes, I’m just worried about the car.
Eugene: So you work for these stuffed shirts.
Peggy Olson: I work with them.
Peggy Olson: Eugene, whom I just met, was telling me that at Princeton Paul used to dress up like a girl.
Eugene: According to him, that’s how Shakespeare did it.
Eugene: Hey Brooklyn, come home with me.
Peggy Olson: Nu uh.
Eugene: Why not? I live alone.
Peggy: Why should I?
Eugene: Because I like you and we’re having a good time and I’m a good kisser and you know you want to.
Peggy: Eugene?
Eugene: Mm?
Peggy: I’m in the persuasion business, and frankly I’m disappointed by your presentation.
Joan Holloway (to Sheila White): Well it’s good to see you and Paul together. I have to say, when Paul and I were together, the last thing I’d have taken him for was open-minded.
Roger Sterling (about John Glenn): It’s incredible what passes for heroism these days. I’d like ticker tape for pulling out of my driveway and going around the block three times. It’s not like people were shooting at him.
Don Draper: I think he’s a winner. Square jaw, false modesty, it’s like he just took off his letterman jacket.
Roger Sterling: Can I just fire everyone?
Don Draper: There’s life, and there’s work.
Don Draper: We already have an airline.
Roger Sterling: We don’t have American.
Don: Oh, that’s right. We have the one whose planes didn’t just fall out of the sky.
Judy Campbell: I like to offer a nice bouquet of thoughts.
Peggy Olson: I’m capable of making my own decisions.
Anita Olson Respola: Really? The State of New York didn’t so. The doctors didn’t think so.
Don Draper: Carlton’s put on a few.
Betty Draper: I think it’s nice he’s filled out. It shows he’s happy.
Don: I wouldn’t say that.
Betty: Why not? Did he say something? What did he say?
Don: He didn’t say anything.
Betty: Well he should be happy.
Don: Okay, maybe he is.
Betty: He should be happy, and grateful, and showering Francine with love after what he put her through.
Don: Look, Bets, I’m not going to fight. I’ll say whatever you think I should say, but I’m not going to fight with you.
Joan Holloway: I’m not a phony.
Paul Kinsey: You’re so proud.
Joan: It’s so obvious why you’re seeing her. A supermarket checkout girl? Conversation must be stimulating. ˜Lettuce costs a nickel.’
Paul: What a relief, you’re just jealous.
Joan: Because you’re the one who got away? You! Out there in your poor little rich boy apartment in Newark or wherever. Walking around with your pipe and your beard. Falling in love with that girl just to show how interesting you are. Go ahead, what part is wrong?
Don Draper: What kind of company are we going to be?
Roger Sterling: The kind where everyone has a summer house?
Sara Beth Carson: He reminds me of Monty Clift in A Place in the Sun, learning how to ride so he can worm his way into the upper crust.
Betty Draper: Somewhere there’s a pregnant girl floating in a lake.
Sara Beth Carson: Becky has a dance recital. It’s so horrible to put girls that fat in a leotard.
Salvatore Romano: You told your wife about this?
Harry Crane: I know. I do that. I keep doing it. I didn’t know what to do.
Salvatore: There’s nothing you can do. That’s why you don’t tell your wife.
Jimmy Barrett: Imagine my horror when a night on the town turned ugly. This is a nice place. For nice people. And the jerk behind the bar? He throws a bowl of nuts at me. What am I? A squirrel? Lucky for him, I bring my own wherever I go. Am I crazy? I don’t think so. Just you try and stick your face into a can of nuts.
Roger Sterling: Give me a cigarette.
Ken Cosgrove: Yes, sir.
Don Draper: Why don’t you get your own? We have a whole storeroom full of Luckys.
Roger: Because I don’t smoke.
Don Draper: Has anyone tried to save this yet, besides Leopold and Loeb over here.
Don Draper: You do not ‘cover for me.’ You manage people’s expectations.
Don Draper: He can come in here with vomit in his pockets for all I care, but these people are his benefactors, like the Medicis of Florence. They’re patrons of his art.
Bobbie Barrett: Where are you?
Don Draper: In my home. With my children.
Bobbie: Really? I like being bad and then going home and being good.
Arthur Case: I can’t figure you out.
Betty Draper: Why would you want to do that?
Arthur Case: You’re so profoundly sad.
Betty Draper: No. It’s just my people are Nordic.
Don Draper: You need to charm him. I need you to be shiny and bright. I need a better half.
Roger Sterling: How much do you make?
Harry Crane: Two hundred dollars a week.
Roger: Plus drinks.
Jimmy Barrett (to Don): By the way, I loved you in Gentleman’s Agreement.
Don Draper (to Bobbie): Believe me, I will ruin him. Do what I say.
Betty (to Don): You think you’d be the man you are today if your father didn’t hit you?
Don Draper: American Airlines is not about the past anymore than America is. Ask not about Cuba. Ask not about the bomb; we’re going to the moon. Throw everything out.
Paul Kinsey: Everything?
Don: There is no such thing as American history, only a frontier. That crash happened to somebody else. It’s not about apologies for what happened. It’s about those seven men in the room on Friday, and what airline they are going to be running.
Salvatore Romano: So what does that mean?
Don: Let’s pretend we know what 1963 looks like.
Roger Sterling: Don’t you love the chase? Sometimes it doesn’t work out. Those are the stakes. But when it does work out “ it’s like having that first cigarette. Your head gets all dizzy, your heart pounds, your knees go week. Remember that? Old business is just old business.
Anita Olson Respola (in the confessional): I was in the laundromat and I took some coins off the machine and used them. I took the Lord’s name in vain three times and,. And I feel so guilty about it. But everyone keeps falling all over themselves trying to help her. And she goes on like nothing happened. Nothing at all. What about me, Father? My troubles. What about me being good, for what?
Bobby Draper: We have to get you a new daddy.
Pete Campbell: Are you kidding? I’m an account man. I spend half my day tiptoeing around creative cry babies and the other half drinking with ungrateful turnips who just fell off the truck. I’m completely replaceable even though I brought in a huge account. And you throw this baby thing on top of it? The economy is contracting? My in-laws?
Freddy Rumsen: Sounds like a visit from the stork, or DeBeer’s, or, it could be just a new hairdo.
(Don’s phone rings while Joan is discussing her upcoming wedding.)
Don Draper: Miss Holloway, those aren’t wedding bells!
Rachel Katz (neé Menken) (to Don and Bobbie): Well, you two enjoy working together.
Bobbie Barrett: So, tell me what I want.
Don Draper: Steak tartare.
Bobbie Barrett: If it wasn’t for me it wouldn’t be Grin & Barrett, it’d be Grin & Brownstein.
Don Draper: Laughs.
Bobbie: This is America, pick a job and then become the person that does it.
Don: That’s true.
Bobbie: Right after I met Jimmy, I watched somebody’s Uncle Morty close a deal for him, and I realized, I negotiate for everything: The rent, the plumber, my hairdresser, even did it in a department store once. It’s touchy, because you’re really telling somebody they’re not worth what they think, but you can’t hurt their feelings.
Don: Negotiating is a bore.
Bobbie: It’s hand to hand combat! You don’t like negotiating, what the hell do you like?
Bobbie Barrett: Why is it so hard to just enjoy things?
Bobbie Barrett: God! I feel so good!
Don Draper: I don’t feel a thing.
Don Draper: No one in the office can know about this, it’s business.
Peggy Olson: You’ll have to believe me that I’ll forget this. I don’t want you treating me badly because I remind you of it. This can be fixed.
Betty Draper: Where the hell were you?
Bobbie Barrett (reading a magazine): Oh, Marilyn, the tragedy you live. I’m sure glad I don’t have problems.
Peggy Olson: I think most women would love to have her problems.
Bobbie Barrett: I keep forgetting the accident. It was terrible. And it keeps getting stranger.
Peggy Olson: Well, if you’re lucky, it will disappear.
Jane Siegel: I feel like I’m walking in tall cotton.
Katherine Olson: I’m going, but I’m not leaving, Peaches.
Joan Holloway: I’ve always been faithful to whomever I was with, and despite your jokes, I always assumed you were unhappy with Mona, not the whole idea.
Joan Holloway: Your décolletage is distracting. This is an office that hinges on professional decorum.
Bobbie Barrett: You have to start living the life of the person you want to be.
Peggy Olson: is that what you did?
Bobbie:?
Peggy: I think so.
Peggy Olson: Is that you? Are you really there?
Don Draper: Yes I am.
Peggy: What are you doing here?
Don: You got a promotion and you disappeared.
Don Draper: What’s wrong with you?
Peggy Olson: I don’t know.
Don: What do they want you to do?
Peggy: I don’t know.
Don: Yes you do. Do it. Do whatever they say. Peggy, listen to me. Get out of here and move forward. This never happened. It will shock you how much it never happened.
Peggy: nods
Don Draper: I guess when you try to forget something, you have to forget everything.
Peggy Olson: Thank you, Don.
Jimmy Barrett: You’re a cool cat, Donny.
Don Draper: Peggy, you dig around Playtex’s unique benefits.
Freddy Rumsen: Just the man to do it.
Pete Campbell: Her skin cleared up, but she still looks unhappy.
Peggy Olson: She’s a cheerleader.
Pete: For who? The University of Dour?
Marcy Patterson: Whenever it’s this hot, I think about that summer they executed the Rosenbergs. It’s always about to rain.
Crab Colson: Oh, it had nothing to do with Kennedy. Still, all that vigor disappeared when he found out he couldn’t get anything done. It’s Versailles. Jackie smiling all over the world, he’s chasing starlets.
Don Draper: Everybody’s happy.
Crab: I’m building a bomb shelter.
Paul Kinsey: Marilyn’s really a Joan, not the other way around.
Peggy Olson: I don’t know if all women are a Jackie or a Marilyn. Maybe men see them that way.
Paul Kinsey: Bras are for men. Women want to see themselves the way men see them.
Salvatore Romano: You’re a Jackie or a Marilyn. A line and a curve, nothing goes better together.
Peggy: which do you think I am?
Ken Cosgrove: Gertrude Stein. (Everyone laughs.)
Salvatore: I would say you’re more classical. Hellenic.
Don Draper: Irene Dunne.
Freddy Rumsen: Oh I love Irene Dunne.
Joan Holloway: You want to be taken seriously, stop dressing like a little girl.
Bobbie Barrett: I want the full Don Draper treatment.
Don Draper: You’re spoiling the mood.
Bobbie: I want it and I got it and it’s better than they said.
Don: What?
Bobbie: Have no fear, you’re known as a connoisseur, you have lots of fans.
Bobbie Barrett: You have a reputation, enjoy it.
Don Draper: Does it make you feel better to think that I’m like you?
Bobbie Barrett: What are you doing? Are you going?
Don Draper: I told you to stop talking.
Sally Draper (Watching Daddy shave): I’m not going to talk, I don’t want you to cut yourself.
Wayne Kirkeby: Afraid you’ll fall in love?
Don Draper: Something like that.
Mysterious blonde woman: You’re not Don Draper.
Roger Sterling: I bet she suffers in silence out there, hoping you’ll notice her.
Don Draper: I don’t think she cries at night from lack of attention.
Roger: Wait until she finds out about your Cadillac. She’ll be waiting naked right in front of this window.
Roger Sterling: Do you know how invigorating it is to go in and write a check for sixty-five hundred dollars, and not care?
Smitty Smith: Look, Don, it’s pretty clear why we’re here. You want to know how our generation feels.
Don Draper: Okay.
Smitty: So, I get this letter from my friend back in Michigan. He’s still in school, man. And it’s got this, I don’t know, sixty page rant in it. So dig it: “We would replace power rooted in possession, privilege, or circumstance by power and uniqueness rooted in love, reflectiveness, reason, and creativity.”
Don: That’s a beautiful sentiment. Does your friend know what you do for a living?
Smitty: Yeah, there was a shitty note with it. But this whole concept is deep.
Jane Siegel (about Cooper’s painting): So it’s smudgy squares, huh? That’s interesting.
Ken Cosgrove: I don’t think it’s supposed to be explained.
Salvatore Romano: I’m an artist, okay? It must mean something.
Ken: Maybe it doesn’t. Maybe you’re just supposed to experience it. ˜Cause when you look at it, you do feel something, right? It’s like looking into something very deep. You could fall in.
Ken Cosgrove (to Paul Kinsey): You missed something, my yellow-bellied friend. Jane Siegel is a genuine thrill. Breaking and entering.
Ken Cosgrove: You’re not like everyone else around here.
Salvatore Romano: I don’t know if that’s true.
Bertram Cooper: Mr. Crane, focus, please. We didn’t make you head of television just to shorten your attention span.
Bertram Cooper: People buy things to realize their aspirations; it’s the foundation of our business. But between you and me and the lamppost, that thing should double in value by next Christmas.
Bertram Cooper: Philanthropy is the gateway to power.
Bertram Cooper: There are few people who get to decide what will happen in our world. You have been invited to join them. Pull back the curtain and take your seat.
Salvatore Romano: To “The Gold Violin,” by Kenneth Cosgrove.
Ken Cosgrove: You really liked it?
Salvatore: I did. It was lovely.
Ken: I saw one at the Met. It’s perfect in every way, except it couldn’t make music.
Kitty Romano: Oh, my.
Betty Draper: We should do this more often.
Don Draper: We should only do this.
Jimmy Barrett: The drunker you are, the funnier I become. ABC did research.
Jimmy Barrett: What do you think happened between the two of them?
Betty Draper: Excuse me?
Jimmy: Oh, come on. Look at them.
Betty: I don’t like what you’re saying.
Jimmy: All I know is, I know her, and you know him, and there they are, and they don’t care where we are.
Betty: Stop it.
Jimmy: Hold on.
Betty: Let me go!
Jimmy: I don’t like it any more than you do.
Betty: You people are ugly and crude.
Jimmy:What people? You mean comedians?
Harry: There are things to do that I didn’t know were my job.
Ken: How could that be? You made that job up.
Warren (to Harry, about Joan): She’s so much woman.
Roger (making introductions): Crab, Duck; Duck, Crab.
Betty: You embarrassed me.
Don: What are you talking about?
Betty: You embarrassed me.
Don: What did I do?
Betty: You knew I would buy that beer.
Don: So what?
Betty: Because you know me so well. You know everything about me.
Don: Bets, I use our life all the time in my work, they pay me for that.
Betty: And then you laughed. You all laughed. Must be so funny being in on it.
Don: C’mon. You’re taking this the wrong way.
Betty: You embarrassed me.
Don: I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it.
Betty: You never mean it. You just do whatever you want. And I put up with it because nobody knows.
Betty: You think you know me? Well I know what kind of a man you are.
Don: You think I would sleep with that woman.
Betty: You can’t help yourself.
Joan (talking about As The World Turns): Someone people think is dead, is not.
Betty: Don.
Don: What time is it?
Betty: I don’t want it to be like this.
Don: Me either.
Betty: I don’t know what to do. (Don reaches over to her.) Don’t.
Don: Nothing happened.
Betty: Now you look me in the eye. You never do that.
Don: Yes I do.
Betty: You never say you love me.
Don: Yes I do. You know I do. I say it all the time.
Betty: No you don’t. Do you hate me?
Don: Oh God, no. I love you, Bets. I do. And I love the children. I don’t want to lose all this. (Betty gets up and leaves the room.)
Father Gill (walking through the Sterling Cooper offices): This is a very impressive operation.
Peggy: It’s Madison Avenue.
Pete (looking at Peggy and Father Gill walking through the office): Look at this. Did we get Miracle Whip?
Ken: I don’t know. Makes a lot of sense. She’s an undercover nun.
Father Gill: You know when you distance yourself from the church, you are distancing yourself from everything. That’s why it’s called communion. It’s not just being with God, it’s being with people.
Peggy: I know that.
Father Gill: Well then why are you pushing everyone away?
Peggy: I’m not.
Father Gill: There is no sin too great to bring to God. You can reconcile yourself with him and have a whole new start. You’re a smart, beautiful young girl. You have so much to offer. Do you feel you don’t deserve his love?
(UTZ Commercial:)
Jimmy Barrett: Imagine my horror when a night on the town turned ugly. This is a nice place for nice people. And the jerk behind the bar, he throws a bowl of nuts at me. What am I a squirrel? Lucky for him, I carry my own wherever I go. Am I crazy? I don’t think so. Just you try and stick your face into a can of nuts. Take it from a nut, UTZ are better than nuts.
Betty: Don’t come home.
Don: What?
Betty: I don’t care what you do, I just don’t want you here.
Don: Betty–
Betty: Don, I don’t want to see you.
Hollis: Some people just hide in plain sight.
Don: Suicide is disturbing.
Don: It goes without saying that this is personal, and I’d appreciate you keeping it that way.
Jane: Of course.
Don: I’d also avoid giving me concerned looks.
Jane: Mr. Draper, I hope you’ve noticed I’m a discreet person.
Don: I don’t know you at all, and this is personal and it’s not up for discussion.
Betty: It’s a switch you can flip on and off, you know.
Joan: One day you’ll lose someone who’s important to you. You’ll see. It’s very painful.
Don: I’m usually part of the meeting before the meeting.
Roger: Don. It’s conduct unbefitting.
Don: Of Freddy Rumsen?
Roger: The agencies will laugh about this, but the clients—they already think we’re all like that.
Roger: Your loyalty is starting to become a liability.
Woman at the Chuck-a-Luck: Hello there. Are we winners or losers?
Roger: Losers tonight, but winners in general.
Roger Sterling: You know, BBDO hired a colored kid. What do you think of that?
Don Draper: I think I’m glad I’m not that kid.
Don Draper: It was a real Archibald Whitman maneuver.
Roger Sterling: Who’s that?
Don: S’a hothead drunk I used to know.
Don Draper: I don’t know. It’s your life. You don’t know how long it’s gonna be but you know it’s got a bad ending. You have to move forward. As soon as you can figure out what that is.
Don: Don’t feel bad about being good at your job.
Peggy: If it wasn’t for him I’d still be a secretary.
Pete: If it wasn’t for me you’d still be a Junior Copywriter. I refuse to feel bad. We’re going to get raises. You could get his office. Now, I’ll go first. Congratulations, Peggy.
Peggy: Congratulations Pete.
Betty Draper: God, you know I’ve been dreaming about a suitcase.
Pete Campbell: How long can she afford to live?
Bud Campbell: By golly, Pete, maybe we can get rid of her tonight.
Pete: (Laughs.) Remember Rope? (They both laugh.)
Bud Campbell: All we have to do is go over there, get her signature, mourn over the loss of our birthright, and move on.
Betty Draper: Where’s the ottoman with the birds?
Betty Draper: She’s a silly woman. All that talk about her underthings? Daddy used to fine us for small talk, remember?
William Hofstadt: (remembering) Conversation is an art.
Betty: Well it is.
Betty Draper: He doesn’t know who I am.
Viola: He’s very, very sick.
Betty: You don’t know how nice it is to hear someone say that.
Betty Draper: I’m an orphan.
Don Draper: Bets. You’re upset.
Betty Draper: I am. And I know how you feel about grieving.
Don: I think I should be here for you.
Betty: That’s your reason?
Don: What do you want me to say? I want to be here. You need me here.
Betty: Why? Nothing’s changed. We were just pretending.
Bert Cooper: I just wanted to say Happy Birthday.
Joan Holloway: Mr. Draper, I wasn’t expecting you until tomorrow. How is everything?
Don Draper: About how those things are.
Pete Campbell: I’m going away, you know.
Peggy Olson: Of course.
Pete: On a plane.
Peggy: What do you want me to say, that I wish I was going? Everybody does. I’ve never even been on a plane.
Pete: Well, I have, but not since my father died.
Peggy: Oh. I’m sorry.
Pete: I’m not scared. It just seemed significant is all.
Peggy: Statistically speaking, it’s very unlikely that it will happen to two people in one family.
Pete: That’s true. Besides it wouldn’t be the worst thing. I hate my mother. What do you think of that?
Pete Campbell: Everything’s so easy for you.
Peggy Olson: It’s not easy for anyone, Pete.
Paul Kinsey: Advertising, if anything, helps bring on change. The market, and I’m talking in a purely Marxist sense, dictates that we must include everyone. “Consumer” has no color.
Helen Bishop: I don’t know, for me, it wasn’t that different without him there.
Betty Draper: Sometimes I feel like I’ll float away, if Don isn’t holding me down.
Helen: The hardest part is realizing you are in charge.
Roger Sterling: I have to keep you in line or I’ll lose you.
Jane Siegel: Yes, you will.
Don Draper: What did Ricardo in there say?
Pete Campbell: He’s in hourly contact with TWA and they’ve offered to buy you new luggage.
Don: And fill it with my things?
Don Draper: You want to be on vacation, Pete? Because I can make that happen.
Pete Campbell: Oh! I just saw Tony Curtis in the men’s room!
Don Draper: Handing out towels?
Joy: Why would you deny yourself something you want?
Joy: You want to get your things?
Don: No.
Willy (toasting): Everyone! To our guest. To not being carried out in a box.
Willy: You’ll never meet a group of people more interested in professions, and yet, there’s not one of us here who has one.
Ken Cosgrove: Where are you two going?
Kurt Smith: To the Bob Dylan.
Joan Holloway: Isn’t that interesting?
Harry Crane: Peggy and Kurt in the Village oh my!
(laughter)
Salvatore Romano: Oh, don’t be shy. I think you two are adorable.
Kurt: What is this? You think, Peggy and I?
Ken: We do. (laughter)
Kurt: I’m homosexual.
Ken: I don’t think that means what you think it means.
Smitty Smith: Kurt.
Kurt: No. I make love with the man, not the woman.
Harry Crane: So Kurt is a pervert. How about that?
Peggy Olson: I don’t know why I pick the wrong boys.
Kurt Smith: You’re drinking sad.
Pete Campbell: You look different.
Peggy Olson: It’s my hair.
Pete: Right!
Ken Cosgrove: Kurt’s a homo.
Roger Sterling (to Duck Philips): Really. Is this as solid as American Airlines?
Don Draper: Hello, it’s Dick Whitman.
Sally Draper: You’re hurting me.
Betty Draper: Good.
Peggy Olson: Let me tell you something, the Catholic Church knows how to sell things.
Bertram Cooper: Dammit, Alice I don’t ask much of you.
Alice Cooper: My stockings cost more than your carpeting.
Alice Cooper: Let Roger Sterling have what he always wanted, to die in the arms of a twenty year-old.
Anna Draper: What happened?
Don Draper/Dick Whitman: He was killed in combat.
Anna: So who are you?
Don/Dick: They thought I was him and he was me. I didn’t think I was hurting anyone.
Anna: Can’t believe it.
Don/Dick: I just had to get out of there.
Anna Draper to Don Draper/Dick Whitman: You like the porch? You paid for it.
Anna Draper: I always felt that we met so that both of our lives could be better. That’s just how it is between us.
Don Draper/Dick Whitman: I ruined everything. My family, my wife, kids.
Anna: I’m sure that’s not true.
Don Draper/Dick Whitman: I have been watching my life. It’s right there. I keep scratching at it, trying to get into it. I can’t.
Anna Draper: Look at you, you’re in the lavender haze.
Don Draper/Dick Whitman: I just like the way she laughs, and the way she looks at me.
Anna Draper: So, there’ll be another Mrs. Draper..
Roger Sterling: You young women are very aggressive.
Peggy Olson: Oh, I didn’t mean to be impolite.
Roger: No, it’s cute. There are thirty men out there who didn’t have the balls to ask me.
Alice Cooper: Where’s Mr. Draper?
Roger Sterling: Do you want me to go get a picture of him so you can stare at it?
Alice Cooper: You have your children to think of.
Roger Sterling: I just have the one.
Alice: Really?
Peggy Olson: How was Mississippi?
Paul Kinsey: I think we made a difference, and it was the adventure of a lifetime.
Harry Crane: Sheila dropped him three days into it.
Betty Draper: Sally now that you’re a big girl, I’m going to tell you something. Your father and I are having a disagreement. And he went away.
Sally Draper: Where did he go?
Betty: I’m not sure.
Sally: When is he coming home?
Betty: I don’t know. I know it’s hard to understand, but I promise everything is going to be okay.
Sally: Okay.
Pete Campbell: How the hell did you swing this?
Peggy Olson: I’m sleeping with Don. It’s really working out.
2:13 Meditations in an Emergency
Betty Draper: Dr. Aldrich, I can’t have a baby right now.
Dr. Aldrich: Mrs. Draper, if we’re having the conversation I think we’re having, there are alternatives obviously. But I find it hard to believe that as a married woman of means you would even be considering that. That is an option for young girls who have no other option.
Ken Cosgrove: I’d love to go to California. I could get a convertible.
Harry Crane: If Kennedy’s speech goes past 8:30 that’s Lucy, then Danny Thomas, then Andy Griffith. I’ll take it in the shorts.
Peggy Olson: Pete, just tell the truth, don’t worry about the outcome. People respect that.
Duck: I’d like you to replace me as Head of Accounts. I’m trusting you with this information, because I’m going to be the president of the new Sterling Cooper
Pete: Congratulations.
Duck: Congratulations to you.
Betty Draper: Where have you been? You disappeared.
Don Draper:.
Duck Philips: That’s why God put non-compete clauses in contracts.
Don Draper: Hello, Peggy.
Peggy Olson: You look well. How was California?
Don: Sunny. (Eyeing her office) Do I work for you now?
Peggy: I hope it’s okay. Mr. Sterling gave me permission to switch. I landed the Popsicle account.
Don: So, other than her office and haircut, is there anything new I need to know about?
Don Draper (to Pete Campbell): Did you ever think I left you there because I thought you could handle it?
Roger Sterling: Kennedy’s daring them to bomb us, right when I get a second chance.
Don Draper: We don’t know what’s really going on. You know that.
Francine Hanson: Betty, you’re wan. Do you want a Miltown? It’s the only thing that’s keeping me from chewing my nails off.
Paul Kinsey: Everyone’s looking at each other in the street.
Ken Cosgrove: They’re looking at you ˜cause you’ve got Castro’s beard.
Sally Draper: Mommy doesn’t like to eat.
Father Gill: Peggy, sometimes I feel He called me to this parish to reach you.
Peggy Olson:.
Pete Campbell: This is ridiculous. If I’m going to die, I want to die in Manhattan.
Harry Crane: I talked to my father-in-law about it. Regime change is always tricky. You want to stay neutral. Loyalists are always hung and you don’t want to get caught in the fallout.
Paul Kinsey: What’s wrong with you? Are you loyal to anyone?
Harry: They don’t care about us. We’re just a bunch of salaries on a ledger. They’ll draw a line and get rid of everything below it.
Pete Campbell: You know they stopped a ship this morning. I bet the Russians are reconsidering now that we made a stand.
Duck Phillips (as Don leaves): Let him go. Take a second to find some kid who can write a prose poem to a potato chip.
Pete Campbell: Can I tell you the truth?
Peggy Olson: Why wouldn’t you?
Pete: You make it so hard.
Peggy: What are you talking about?
Pete: You. I’ve been thinking about everything that’s going on. And I thought, Who would care if I was gone. I mean, Trudy would care, but she doesn’t know me. But you do. And I know you. And I think you’re perfect.
Peggy: I’m not perfect Pete.
Pete: Yes you are. I wish I’d picked you then.
Peggy: Pete.
Pete: I love you. And I want to be with you. What? Didn’t you know that?
Peggy: Pete. I could have had you in my life forever if I wanted to.
Pete: What do you mean?
Peggy: I could have had you. I could have?
Peggy: (nods)
Pete:.Commanders,
Man your stations, patch 22 is warping in faster than ever with a twist!
Star Trek Fleet Command expands its universe with Star Trek: Discovery!
Expanding beyond the Kelvin universe for the first time, Star Trek Fleet Command introduces the Star Trek Discovery arc, delivering an exciting hands-on experience for fans of the franchise’s hottest new series.
The new Discovery arc is upon us and with it a lot of new and exciting content to share with all Commanders around the galaxy. The first Discovery Arc will include:
- USS Discovery (because Warp Speed is too slow).
- Anomaly Events with a unique game loop.
- New Officers, including Michael Burnham & Saru.
- All-new Discovery missions and stories.
- New twenty-four day, Discovery themed Battle-Pass.
Maia has detected a strange energy signature in Independent space. Investigate this new anomaly, a new fungus, and partner up with members of the USS Discovery as they explore their new surroundings.
New Ship – The USS Discovery
Introducing the flagship from Star Trek: Discovery. This ship allows you to instantly jump around the galaxy using the power of Mycelium.
5 New Discovery Officers
Michael Burnham and her crew beam into the galaxy! Introducing five new Officers that can be acquired through the Battle Pass & various events. We have Michael Burnham, Commander Saru, Cadet Burnham, Cadet Stamets, and Cadet Saru.
[Epic] Michael Burnham
- Steadfast: Increase impulse speed by X
- Intuitive: when getting hit, reduce opponent’s shields by X% of attack in PvP
[Rare] Saru
- Precautions: Reduce opponents Critical Hit Chance by X% on every crit taken in PvP
- Avoid Danger: Reduce opponent’s Damage by x% in PvP
[Uncommon] Origins Burnham
- Vulcan Hello: Increase the Attack of All officers on the ship by 45
- Risk-Taker: Increase Damage by 25%
[Common] Origins Stamets
- Biologist: Increase the Health of All Officers on the ship by 40
- No Time To Waste: Increase Warp Speed by 45%
[Common] Origins Saru
- Vigilant: Increase the Defense of All Officers on the ship by 40
- Prey Instinct: Increase Hull Health by 11%
New Discovery Missions
Missions kick off our journey with Star Trek: Discovery. This contains core and side missions that will be sourced through the free Battle Pass. Includes:
- Core Missions – Quantity: 10 missions, unlocked at the fourth Milestone of the Basic Battle Pass.
- Side Missions – Quantity: 5 missions, unlocked at the sixteenth Milestone of the Basic Battle Pass.
New Anomaly Events
New randomized Anomaly events happening across the galaxy:
Use your new Discovery ship to take advantage of new Anomaly events that last for about 7-10 minutes but run every 45 minutes throughout each Anomaly event day. Target the new hostiles pouring in from the discovered anomalies and mine much needed valuable resources as fast as possible.
Battle Pass
Introducing a new version of the battle pass for September.
New Avatars & Frames
Introducing new Discovery themed Avatars & Frames
Avatars:
- Officer Burnham Avatar
- Officer Saru Avatar
- Of`ficer Stamets Avatar
- USS Discovery Avatar
- Star Trek Day Avatar
Frames:
- Gold Discovery Emblem
- Mycelial Spore
- Sarcophagus Ship
Improvement: Battle Reports
Developer Comments: We understand how important Battle Reports are. We have heard your feedback and have implemented this change where up to 300 Battle Reports will be stored in the Battle Reports tab.
- Up-to 300 Battle Reports will be stored in the Battle Reports tab
Improvement: Exchange Armadas
- All types of Exchange Armadas now have a guaranteed Spawn rate in all Exchange systems.
Bug Fixes
- Fixed the missing 3rd icon of the top 3 contributors in the alliance contributions list.
- Fixed an issue affecting certain strings overlapping.
- Fixed an issue where players could still attack a station without assigning captain to the ship.
- Fixed the Pure Research nodes not showing the discounted amount. Please note that this fix will not affect any faction related costs
- Fixed an issue where the research timer changed significantly after tapping on the “Go” button in the “Requirements Not Met” section of the other research.
- Fixed an issue with the [Multi-select Object Viewer] If target warps away when you arrow over to it, object viewer and ship cards break.
- Fixed a minor visual issue with the officers’ stats bonuses not updating properly.
- Fixed an issue with the game being stuck when tapping on the “OK” button in the Event’s banner.
- Fixed an issue when tapping on the Stella Research Icon, it doesn’t take the player to a research node available from the Shipyard and Drydock.
- Fixed the art for the Stella Researches being missing after exiting and entering the Research menu repeatedly from the Stella Research Icon on the Drydock and Shipyard.
- Fixed an Android issue where the device’s Back button did not work when launching the game for the first time after a fresh installation.
- Fixed an issue when interacting with in-game notifications in a number of menus causing them to overlap with the HUD.
- Fixed an issue with the game getting stuck after going back to the “Research” screen from the “Event Leaderboard” screen.
- Fixed an issue with the “Victory/Defeat” battle in-game notifications missing after fighting a Faction Revenge hostile.
- Fixed an issue with the targeting ability being removed if the targeted player warps out.
- Fixed an issue with empty notifications appearing when a PvP battle starts and the text shows up on the “Battle Results” notifications after attempting to send two ships to attack a player’s ship.
- Fixed an issue with Eurydice’s portrait displaying as a datapad in the chest opening screen.
- Fixed an issue with the game getting stuck in the “Research” screen after navigating to a building through the “Go” button in the “Requirements Not Met” section then opening the “Research” screen again.
- Fixed an issue with the upgrading time not being displayed in the “Research Upgrade” panel after collecting then upgrading that research continuously.
- Fixed an issue with some ships getting stuck in combat status due to poor connection.
- Fixed an issue where sometimes the UI disappears and the game gets stuck if the player opens “Alliance Chat” before opening the “Events” screen after launching the game.
- Fixed an issue with completed events being shown before active events.
- Fixed an issue with Armada notifications being displayed incorrectly if an Armada battle is created right after the player joins an Alliance.
- Fixed certain Korean characters which were displayed incorrectly
- Fixed an issue with the instant Repair button not being present in the Ship Management Panel.
- Fixed an issue with the object viewer not loading when coming back from the full scan screen while the multi-select option is enabled on stacked hostiles.
- Fixed an issue with playersbeing able to level up officers that are not unlocked yet.
- Fixed an issue with the quest “Hold Fast” where after completing the first objective, the recommended level disappears from the Mission Panel.
- Fixed an issue with the mission “Upgrade Tritanium Warehouse: Level 38” not activating despite meeting the requirements.
- Fixed an issue with the quest “A sleeping Giant’s” last dialogue from the second objective of the mission being delivered by Maia instead of Ro Mudd.
- Fixed a grammar error with the quest “Fade to Black” with Mudd’s dialogue for the fourth objective of the mission.
- Fixed an issue where some officers have been wrongly configured for Rank up Ability increases.Media Manager
Namespaces
Choose namespace
Media Files
- Media Files
- Upload
- Search
Upload to workshops:3d_printed_and_casted_belt_buckles
Sorry, you don't have enough rights to upload files.
File
- Date:
- 2019/06/03 16:21
- Filename:
- electronics_bench.png
- Format:
- PNG
- Size:
- 15MB
- Width:
- 4032
- Height:
- 3024
- References for:
- Bookable Resources - Electronics benchTeam Klock Werks get record on trike
September 24, 2013 at 8:31 am in Uncategorized
Since 2006, Team Klock Werks has accomplished many feats at the Bonneville Salt Flats in Utah.
The group, based out of Mitchell, has broken more than 20 land speed records at the BUB Motorcycle Speed Trials. But this year for the first time, Team …continue reading on mitchellrepublic.comAfter a few years of beekeeping, it’s natural to assess a colony and predict what will happen next. But this year, as so often happens, I totally misread a colony that lives in my backyard. Twice. Or more, depending on how you count.
The backstory
Last fall, during a pre-winter inspection, I checked all my colonies for honey stores. They looked good, and I thought each had plenty of food. Nevertheless, I provided each colony with a no-cook candy board as an emergency backup. The colony in the backyard ate through the candy right away, so I gave it some supplementary sugar patties. Two weeks later I went back with more sugar, but the patties were untouched.
At that point, I used my infrared camera for a more thorough check, but all I could see was the faintest red glow. The image reminded me of the last embers of a dying campfire, still slightly warm but destined to fade. After shooting pictures from all four sides, I decided the colony was history. In November, I strapped it down and stopped adding feed.
As the winter progressed, I monitored my other colonies on a weekly basis, but I skipped the backyard hive, figuring I would clean it out in spring. I never went near the backyard hive until one day in early February I noticed two little worker faces peering through the entrance. At first, I thought they were robbers, but it wasn’t warm enough to fly. Curious, I popped the lid only to find the sugar cakes missing.
Building them up
It was the weirdest thing. I briefly lifted the candy board and peered between the frames, but I could see no bees. None. But I added a candy cake and decided to see what happened. Five days later it was gone. I added three more, and they disappeared. Someone was feasting for sure, but who? And where?
I added that hive back into my weekly feed check and kept giving them more. After a couple weeks, I added pollen patties which disappeared as well. By late March, bees were boiling out of the entrance. Within that six-week period, my smallest colony (which I called my dead colony) became the biggest.
Swarm season
By early May, I knew my dead colony would swarm. As a proactive swarm-control measure, I split the colony in two, taking the top box and placing it atop another stand in a different location. As of yesterday, it’s doing great and is expanding into a second brood box.
But did that stop my dead colony from swarming? Far from it. On the following Monday, I heard a ruckus and saw a swarm leave the hive and land about 35 feet up in a Douglas-fir tree. On Wednesday, as I was working in the garden, I saw a second swarm leave the hive and land in the upper branches of a pear tree. On the following day, as I was photographing the swarm in the pear tree, a third swarm left that hive and landed on the other side of the same pear tree. Then it rained for three days and three nights.
Who gets to live where?
On the first sunny day following the rain, my husband said, “I think you have bees in your top-bar hive.” The thing is, my top-bar hive had gone empty last fall. After living there continuously for ten years, the colony had succumbed. When I went through the hive last fall, I could find no sign of disease or indications of varroa, and I was able to harvest many jars of honey. I think they most likely died of queen failure, although I will never know for sure.
In any case, I planned to demolish the hive this spring because it is ancient, falling apart, and in the densest shade you can imagine. As I’ve mentioned before, that hardiest of hives receives zero hours of direct sun per day, which is why the entire thing is rotting and falling apart. The legs are getting wobbly, too, which worries me.
In any case, when my husband reported bees, I looked and found, yup, bees. I went back to the swarms and couldn’t find the fir-tree swarm, so I think they moved into the top-bar hive. I didn’t see them move, but that’s my best guess.
We ate lunch together, and then I left to check on the pear tree swarms. Just as I walked outside the first one rose from the tree and headed northwest. I followed them as they crossed over the house and began circling the newly occupied top-bar hive. They began to go in—some actually made it in—but they stopped. After a while, I saw them in the bed of the pickup, on the tailgate, and covering one taillight. Later, I noticed they had gathered together on a low limb directly over the tailgate. Amazing! Easy pickings.
Hiving the swarm
Hiving that swarm was the easiest thing I ever did. The truck was parked right next to the top-bar hive and I think the swarm became confused when it found the hive already occupied. I don’t know if bees get confused, but that’s what it seemed like. So when they gathered to re-group, they settled on a low branch that was right next to the top-bar hive and over the tailgate. Sweet. I clipped the branch and put the bees in a box, not losing a single one.
I installed them in one of my Langstroth bait hives that was ready to receive bees. Twenty minutes later, a few were orienting, and it seemed like they would stay put. As of that moment, I still had the dead hive plus three others: the split, the top-bar hive, and a second backyard hive. So cool.
A popular hive
Later that afternoon, I was sitting on the tailgate watching the top-bar hive and wondering why it was so popular. I was also trying to guess how two swarms had gotten their wires crossed and tried moving into the same hive. I’ve seen it before—two swarms vying for one swarm trap—but it’s always surprising.
The top-bar hive has always been popular, which is especially surprising considering its location. My theory has always been that it’s inviting to bees more than beekeepers, which is probably its best feature.
Now the weird thing
As I was sitting there contemplating, I heard a familiar sound. I turned around to see the second of the two pear tree swarms coming over the house and heading right for me. I couldn’t be, I reasoned, so I crossed into the field beyond the tree line, hoping to see where the swarm was headed. But it didn’t cross the tree line. When I went back to find it, it was circling the top-bar hive. Unbelievable.
I watched them circle, hoping they would pick a low-hanging branch like their predecessors, but they didn’t. Instead, they accumulated on the top-bar hive and began marching in. At first, I saw a bit of fighting, but very little. Within forty minutes, it was all over. One colony had moved it with another. I wouldn’t believe it if I hadn’t seen it.
So many questions
Did each of these three swarms independently decide on the top-bar hive as their next home? It seems unlikely, but if they did, why didn’t they make a last-minute check to see if it was still available? Maybe that’s a human concept, and bees just assume the space will still be unoccupied when they show up.
Furthermore, why did the last swarm decide to just ignore the previous tenants? Lots of people say usurpation is more common than we think, but seeing it is mindboggling. And who gets to be queen?
At any rate, things are calm now. Everyone seems busy and the blackberries are soon to burst forth which means work will preempt house hunting. But it was fun, even if it presents more questions than answers.
Rusty
Honey Bee Suite
37 Comments
I just loved this post. Sometimes I feel like I do nothing right and occasionally I feel as if I’m on top of everything but the truth is that it’s the bees who are in charge.
Absolutely! We just get to watch.
Exactly! This story made me feel good about my bee abilities or lack of them and that whatever I do it’s the bees decision to accept my offerings or not!
Hi Pam, as you have the same name I, Robert Murawsky of Southampton Ontario in the town of Southampton on Lake Huron, am interested in where you live since we’re both beekeepers. Robert.murawsky@gmail.com
Such a great story! You are far more fortunate than I. One of my over-wintered “Condos” has been as productive as the hive you describe. Despite hauling off honey frames, removing frames, and adding new frames to create space. Basically doing everything to keep a lid on numbers, it swarmed on May 13. Swarm took to a tall maple tree above the apiary. 5 days later after inspecting the hive and removing all queen cells (to nucs) I gave the hive a new 2020 nuc with a mated queen separated by newspaper. 4-days later after carefully inspecting the boxes below the added nuc I found 4-empty supercedure cells!!!!!! How did I miss them?? The new queen was still in her box upstairs. Later that afternoon – a second swarm leaves the hive!!! A cast. This meant I lost my new queen or I had a virgin queen I never found. The latter was the case – the new queen is still in the hive – laying thousands of eggs. But – shows you just how difficult it is when trying to manage very productive hives.
Well, that’s a good story, too. They keep us awake.
Great story. Bee’s are amazing. We caught two swarms out of what we assume was the same hive last month. They both landed 20 feet from the main hive in the same bush. We assumed the old queen left with the first swarm so the second one must have had a virgin queen? We were not sure how that works so we left the 2nd swarm where it was caught for two weeks in case the queen made a mating flight. We finally got both new hives home and they are doing great.
Bonnie Mogstad
Bonnie,
I assume they must be virgin queens, after the first one. I plan to look for eggs periodically. If I don’t find some in about 10 days, I will give them eggs or combine them. Haven’t decided.
Reminds me of Michael Thiele’s concept of Locapiary.
It is good to have empty hives for bees to choose.
Great story!
The reason you have such great stories is that you have the gift of paying attention all around you. Your additional gift of words just makes it more awesome.
I try very hard to stick with admiration, but sometimes I’m slipping perilously close to evil envy.
(PS. I pooh pooh your 35 foot high swarms. Ours are always 60 feet up or so. And they NEVER move into empty equipment. Heavens no, the trees across the swamp look so much more inviting.)
Roberta,
Well thank you, I think. For the record, I have lost many swarms to the wilds beyond. But sometimes I get lucky.
TRUTH in the title even for this new beekeeper! Swarm took over a hive, same base hive swarmed again within days but 60 feet up and poof went on their merry way somewhere. Thanks for the comfort that we weren’t alone in the guessing game!
Wow. This is a great account.
Just shows us how bees don’t read the books and do the darnedest things!
Amazing.
That is definitely intriguing! I’m in central Virginia, and there have been so many swarms this spring that local beekeepers are having a hard time keeping up. I have two hives and a nuc, and they’ve swarmed 3 times that I know of, the first time March 11, which is very early. A friend keeps a swarm trap near my hives and has gotten 3 swarms from it, the last not coming from my hives. Every year, I try to “guess” what the bees will do – sometimes I guess right, and just as often they surprise me. I started saying a couple of years ago that “the bees will do what the bees want to do” and that has proven consistently true. Thank you for your posts, Rusty – yours is my favorite online “bee” site.
Wow! I can’t imagine what that was like.
I had 2 colonies that came out of winter very weak and small, maybe 2 frames each. I ended up combining them and let them figure out the queen part. They slowly grew, nothing spectacular, I didn’t even expect a honey harvest from them. Then, on Monday, they emitted a swarm. But apparently a swarm with 2 queens. When I checked that colony on Tuesday, I found TWO more queens just walking around!! Bees will be bees.
Bees are weird. It’s a total adventure. Every time they do what they do that isn’t in a beekeeping book, a beekeeping book writer drinks.
As always, a fascinating story with a very successful ending Rusty!! Thank you. I was wondering if the scouts from your original backyard hive, now divided and accompanying their respective swarms, all had your top bar hive in mind, as their final destination?
Greg,
It appears that way. Really strange, right?
I’ve kept bees for a few years now. This year by far has been the craziest ever. So many “ first time” experiences with the bees. It has been my year for new learning experiences.
I’ll share one of those new experiences with you.
TANGING. I’ve seen videos, I’ve heard others that have successfully done it but still raised an eyebrow about it. Twice this swarm season I was in the right place at the right time when I had hives swarm right in front of me. Thousands of bees flying. The first swarm was heading skyward as I ran into the house, grabbed a metal soup ladle and a metal bowl. I run back out banging as loud as I can, standing in the middle of the yard watching the bees going higher, and as I continued to bang away decided “ well, at least I tried it”. Next thing I know they start dropping lower back down into the yard and started clustering in a small dogwood tree at eye level from me about ten feet from where I was standing. I couldn’t believe it.
The second time, a few days later, different hive, different location, I watched a swarm exit their hive, fly their crazy swarm flight, and head to a tree above the hive looking like they were going to cluster up about 30 feet up. I grab my hive tool and a metal can I carry my smoker in and started banging, banging, banging. They did not actually cluster, but the swarm was getting tighter and I thought, “Well, at least I tried”. Next thing I know (I’m still banging) they come back down and return to the hive they had just left. That was another first for me, to see them return to their hive. I split that hive a few hours later, made up nucs with several of the extra queen cells inside, added QC to a couple of earlier splits that needed them, and moved old queen with her split to a new location.
At our monthly beekeepers’ virtual meeting I shared my experiences (and the video my husband took of me acting like a crazy woman). A week later I get a call from one of our members. He’d had two swarms occur in one day. He watched the first one fly off to never-never land, then remember TANGING. He said he could have kicked himself for not trying it. A few hours later, another swarm happened. He was ready. Banging away. That swarm clustered up within feet of him.
So…… even if it doesn’t really work, it sure doesn’t hurt to try.
Rusty, I love reading your articles…I always learn something! I lost both of my hives last fall, so I just left them overwinter as they were. This spring, I got a package of Sasketraz, thinking I would try something besides Italians. When they came, I left some old frames of honey in each side of the brood box, and put some new frames in the center. I placed the queen cage as usual and a few days later, she was out. Then it rained for 10 days. When the sun finally came out, I couldn’t find the queen, any eggs or larvae. There was no new drawn comb anywhere. But, I did see about 5 supersedure cells. I assumed that either they didn’t like the queen that came with the package, or she left with part of the hive. A few days later, I noticed a LOT of bees around the 2nd empty hive. I went in, and I saw lots of bees but no queen, eggs, or larvae. I didn’t see any supersedure cells in that hive. BUT, I did see what looked like large salt crystals in MANY of the open cells. At first, I thought there were 4 or 5 eggs in each cell. But as I looked closer, it looked more like salt crystals. And, when I turned the frame, the “salt crystals” fell out. So, they aren’t stuck to the cells. I am so disappointed I feel like completely closing up shop. Any idea as to what happened, and what the “salt crystals” really are? That hive, also, was full of bees. It looked like they had broken into the honey cells. I assume these are robber bees…
Thanks for any insight you can give.
Dee
Dee,
It’s hard to say. My first thought was the white crystals could be fecal material remaining from a mite infestation, but I doubt they would fall out of the cell. My second thought is they could be sugar crystals leftover from feeding syrup.
As for your queen problem, the package may have contained a rogue queen, which happens sometimes. So part of the colony may have split into the second hive. I’m guessing, of course, without being able to see what’s going on. But as you surmise, it could also be just a bunch of robbers clearing out the old honey.
Love this post. I cant believe they landed right over the pickup truck nor that the third just moved in with the first. Bees always amaze me with new things!
I caught my first ever swarm last night. They were about 40 minutes away from my home and I got the call just before 8 pm. I rushed there and had a veiled jacket and some gardening gloves. Unfortunately, the swam was on the ground in a mix of weeds and grass and sticks! I brought a box with a large Ikea food grater in the side for ventilation. I was able to get 80% of the bees in the box in slow scoops and thought all was well. I guess the next day they hadn’t fully survived despite the large ventilation hole (about 5-6″ wide by 3-4″ tall). I dropped the bees off before work and it was not easy since ~1/2 were dead so I couldn’t just dump the box! I got a system of them walking into the hive and me scooping some the climbed the walls and ended up leaving a ramp from box up towards the entrance.
I figured the queen likely died in the bunch that died so I got an emergency queen and went back after work with the new queen and was happy that there was a decent size of bees hanging off the ceiling. So I put the queen cage near the main mass of bees. I’m hoping that will get them to stay in the new Warre box and that they’ll build tons of comb in it. at least enough for the mated queen to start laying soon after I release her in a few days.
The second fun story was that I split a hive and they made queens. Then we got bad rainy weather and cooler weather after they hatched. I waited two weeks to check for queen and eggs so I added a frame of brood and thought I saw them making two new queen cells on it last weekend. Well only like 5-6 days later I took a quick peek in to check on the queen cells and found eggs! I can only assume the original cells just didn’t mate properly due to the weather so when it finally warmed up she got mated and now I have a frame of eggs maturing and some uncapped larva. I actually had to move the 5 frame nuc into an 8 frame box as they were fully crowded!
This is really fun to watch for, saw the bees marching in. Quite interesting, hope to witness it like that soon. Anyways, you have a nice blog! Thank you.
We decided to try swarm catching this year to replace our deadouts. We made 5 swarm traps and deployed 2 at our house, the rest elsewhere. Throughout the rest of April into May, we had some tire kickers. On May 14th, I put two deep boxes from a deadout onto a bottom board, sprayed with Swarm Commander, and put on a lid. Right next to it on a small table (in our pole barn) was a super on each side, turned on edge. The next day we saw a huge swarm coming across the yard and settling in that 2-deep hive. I noticed that even after a few days, there were still lots of bees in the air inside the building, near the box, but uncharacteristically not going in, then noticed there were bees clustered on one of those sideways supers. Upon investigating, I found the queen in the super, working away with a small cluster of bees and the rest of the bees in the hive that were roaring, thinking they’d lost their queen. She must have landed there and not gone any further. I got them all reunited and moved outside the building. (Note to self, don’t leave boxes open anywhere near your swarm trap).
Swarms like shade. All of the ones we caught were boxes/traps that were shaded in some way. We even had one that moved into a deep hive box, right on the hive stand (thank you), that we had pulled a table over it to shade it.
A week later we had what I think was an after swarm from the same parent colony in a different trap. And then a few days later another after-swarm. I am very excited to have caught some freebies – free bees!
Great story Rusty, amazing how they have their own agenda and will follow it. Our first overwintered hive is doing ok.
One thing I was wondering about, toward the end, you mentioned a temporary halt to house hunting! I’m curious.
Fred
Frederick,
Honey bees often don’t swarm during a major nectar flow because they need to collect it while it’s available.
Rusty, I am a new reader of your blog and website since this morning. I am having a hard time pulling away from your posts and articles on beekeeping. They are wonderful! I kept bees for two years in Texas, moved back to my home state of Washington last summer, and just last week someone on our south Puget Sound island came by and asked if I would like a swarm of bees to keep in a hive (she noticed I still had 8 complete hive sets in my yard from my move, but I missed the deadline for purchasing nucs this year). Of course, I said yes! She told me I could keep the hive on her property. Anyway, I checked them yesterday and they have built an amazing array of honeycomb, but I saw no eggs yet. Would it be prudent to check this hive daily, or weekly? Is there anyway to prevent a swarm? How would I start my own “nucs”? I do not know if you have already answered these questions before, so I will continue to look through your blog. Thank you!
Hi – I just found your site and am hoping you can help. I am afraid I have really done something stupid and now I thought I should seek advice before compounding my stupid moves. I captured a swarm in May that was quite large. It was an unusually hot day, and after I had them home, I thought I should get them in a hive right away because the cardboard swarm box they were in was really hot to the touch. I dumped them into a large hive box without frames thinking I would get them in a box with frames the next day. When I went to check on them the next morning they had built A LOT of comb, hanging from the top board. I ended up thinking maybe they would be better off for their bottom box to just build it how they want and I could put a box with frames on top for when they are ready. Even though now I see lots of bees coming and going into the top box, they have never built anything out in it. They had almost completely sealed off the top board hole with comb so I don’t see the queen getting in there. Now, my dilemma – just let them alone and hope they eventually start moving upstairs? Or should I take a hot knife and slowly cut through the comb hanging from the top board (inner cover) and then put the next hive box on top of that? I am sure there is a queen in there laying eggs, lots of bees packing in pollen. I hope you can help!
Lori,
Cut the combs off the inner cover and tie them into frames.
Had a new experience with a swarm about a month ago. Queen was one I raised in May and had been laying like a fiend so the single deep they were in was getting packed. My goal was to get them to store in a Ross Rounds super above the brood box so I wanted them crowded. But they ignored it and decided to swarm instead. By dumb luck, I was in the apiary about 1100 when I heard that classic sound that makes you think, “Hey, that sounds like a swarm.”
Workers were pouring out the entrance and becoming the typical bee tornado around the hive. I got down right in front of the entrance, thinking I might get to see the queen emerge. Fortunately, I thought to have a Butler cage in hand. About 30 seconds later, she popped out the front door and began crawling up the face of the box. I just put the cage above her and she walked right in. Corked it up and stuck it in my pocket. Then, I watched the swarm slowly depart, go about 50 yards, then return. They circled the hive for 10 minutes or so and then condensed back on it and slowly re-entered.
An hour or so later I pulled off a 2-frame split, put it in a nuc box several feet away with queen excluder under it so she couldn’t leave, and dropped her in. Added drawn combs to fill the nuc and checked in a couple of days. She settled right down and began to lay. I removed the “includer” about a week after establishing the nuc. The parent colony had queen cells, of course, and went on to make another queen.
Then never did a darned thing with the RR super though. probably too late by then anyway. “Pouring” out is really how it looks; a constant flow of bees with no hesitation, coming out the entrance as fast as possible, but a very coordinated flow, a unique sight.
Cal,
Yes, I love that sight. I get so enthralled watching the bees spill out, I would probably never think to catch the queen. That’s a very cool story. Good for you!
By the way, Ross Rounds are tricky. Sometimes they fill and sometimes they don’t. Just try again next year.
Rusty,
Hello, I am new to beekeeping and I have been reading the wealth of information from your website. Thank you for making it available to us!
I have a question and I am hoping to find some answers. I have a first-year horizontal hive with seemingly very healthy Saskatraz honey bees (good brood patterns, honey stores, and no signs of disease). Though I saw very few varroa mites (10-15 in total) the entire fall season on the white bottom board, I got nervous and decided to treat the bees with Apiguard. Yesterday Nov 7th temps in OH were in the 70s and will be for the following week. Today I noticed many of the bees seemed confused and were wandering on the front of the hive. These bees are typically good foragers and have been bringing in pollen (goldenrod) even during OH’s cooler weather. I was saddened to see the bees with pollen aimlessly walking on the front of the hive, even passing the entrance.
Tonight’s observation revealed the bees were hesitant to go into the hive and as temps dipped in the evening the bees seemed to be huddling in various corners. I am very worried this beautiful hive will now abscond. I know these bees are specific to this hive because they are lighter in color than my other hive.
My question is…
Can Apiguard fumes cause confusion with honey bees if too strong? Or is it possible Apiguard’s strong fumes make it difficult for the honey bees to be sensitive to the queen’s pheromones and re-enter their hive? (Assuming fumes increased along with the day’s temps.)
Today was day 1 after treating.
Any thoughts are appreciated…
Kelly,
First, don’t worry about your bees absconding. That is a totally rare event and it’s especially unlikely to happen in November. You can start to worry about earthquakes too, but they are nearly as unlikely.
Apiguard fumes are strong and some individuals may react to the fumes more than others. The first two or three days are the worst, and then the fumes will become less. You may lose some bees to the Apiguard, but you may end up saving the colony, and that is the objective.
Hi Rusty,
I am a new beekeeper and just survived the first winter with both hives. Yay! The short version of my question is: Do swarms ever return to the original hive?
Long version: One of my hives came out of winter packed with bees. When I would do winter “peeks” there were lots just hanging out below the quilt box. Two weeks ago when it became warm enough for a full-blown inspection (4/10) I was not surprised to find about 8 queen cells. I took several frames (including 3 uncapped queen cells with eggs/larvae) and created a nuc. I intentionally left one queen cell in the original hive.
Today (4/24) I was chilling watching the bees when I notice them pouring out of the hive. First thought was, “Wow! I got to watch my first swarm!” The air was filled with a buzzing mass. Some were landing on nearby trees but most settled back down on the hive, covering most of the front. After about 30 minutes, I realized the mass was getting smaller. Sure enough, in another 30 minutes, most of the bees had disappeared back inside the hive. Any clues to what just happened??
Victor,
A swarm can’t survive without a queen, so if the queen didn’t go with them, they have no choice but to turn back. It happens often. They will try again in a few days. If she can’t fly for some reason, they will wait until one of the virgin queens is ready to go with them.
Thanks! Any tips besides trying to be ready next time?
I also want to Thank You for the wit and wisdom you contribute in the ABJ. Your articles are the first ones I read every month. 🙂
Thanks, Victor. No, I don’t have any tips. Just be ready for the unexpected…it always happens.Manchester City midfielder Bernardo Silva believes Manchester United face an uphill task of competing for the Premier League title this season after their recent 3-1 derby defeat at the Etihad Stadium. The Red Devils have made a rather average start to the current campaign and the recent loss to their cross-town rivals sees them already 12 points off the summit.
Meanwhile, the Portuguese footballer added that the Citizens face a tougher ask of retaining the Premier League crown this term with Liverpool presently on their shoulders with just a two-point separating them, he further told: “We know it won’t be easy this season. Liverpool are doing a fantastic Premier League as well. We want to try to and have a bigger gap during the months of December and January, where you have a lot of games. We will work very hard for that and try to improve on this.”
Manchester City have dropped points on just two occasions in the current Premier League season and they are presently one of three teams including Chelsea and Liverpool, who remain unbeaten. Meanwhile, the Citizens are also holding a strong position in their Champions League group with nine points on the board despite suffering a shock defeat to Lyon during the opening matchday.
The Citizens are pretty much through to the knockout phase of the competition with a sizeable goal difference over third-placed Hoffenheim and they can cement the top position with just one point from the forthcoming encounter against Lyon.You may be familiar with the term “ backpacking across Europe” as a favorite pastime for graduating college students who want to taste of Freedom before they settle into their new careers. But what is the term actually mean?
It's a concept that reached his height in the 1970s where people who were looking for more of an adventure would pack up their essential belongings into a backpack and then choose a destination. Some people will decide to go to Europe and travel across the country to see different historical areas as well as get a feel for different cultures.
And then there are others who choose to go to places like India, or even backpack in their own country. Mostly you could call them tourists, but they're usually in there for the long run living out of just what they packed in their backpack and even going through extreme such as living out of a tent until their journey is over.
WHY DO PEOPLE CHOOSE TO GO BACKPACKING?
Image Via unsplash
There can be a lot said about setting out on an adventure to discover locations that you've never considered visiting before. You could always go to the tourist route and check out the areas that hundreds of other people attend every single day or you could wander about and find yourself in an area that many people are unaware of at the time.
FINDING HIDDEN GEMS
Being able to discover beautiful areas and less popularized locations is one of the many reasons that people like to go backpacking. Not to mention, that's one of the cheaper ways to visit your favorite places, especially when you know that I only have so much money to live off of to travel the world.
YOU’LL LEARN MORE ABOUT YOURSELF
You'll never know your limits unless you test them and when you go backpacking oh, there will be lots of opportunities to test your limits. You'll be able to gain a lot of strength and confidence just by learning a lot while you go and it also allows you to try things that you've never thought to do before.
It's a great way not only to season yourself on a personal level, but you'll also be able to have a wealth of experience at your fingertips. The lessons that you encounter are an excellent way to grow further as a person, and you’ll have a lot of memories to take with you for the rest of your life.
FREEDOM
It should be evident that there is a tremendous amount of freedom that comes with backpacking wherever you want to go. All of your travels and choices are yours to make, and you can leave whenever you feel the winds change or you can stick around if a particular culture or area interests you.
You’ll also only have what you chose to pack with you as well, and since every ounce counts, you’ll be less likely to take anything unneeded if it means it’s going to inhibit you on your journey. This concept can be difficult for a lot of people to embrace, but many people realize that they’re happier without carrying all of the things that bound them in one place.
YOU COULD DISCOVER YOUR NEW HOME
If you fall in love with a place you’ve never been before, it’s very plausible that you could move there and live out the rest of your life. Being able to visit small towns and cities is an excellent opportunity to learn if the grass is greener on the other side.
YOU’LL GET TO MEET NEW PEOPLE EVERY DAY
Traveling isn’t something that only happens while you're alone. Many people enjoy backpacking every year, and as a result, there’s ample opportunity to meet new faces and make new friendships that will last much longer than your backpacking adventure.
On the flip side of that, if you don’t like someone, the likelihood that you’ll ever see them again is minimal. You’ll be able to meet a large variety of different people with little repercussions in the long run which makes it easy to strike up a conversation and become more social.
As you can see, there are many reasons why people would want to go backpacking and travel around the world. According to Australia's tourism research, in March 2015 Australia found that backpackers accounted for 13 percent of the total tourism spent in Australia, and the number has increased by 4 percent from the year before.
WHAT GEAR DO YOU NEED TO GO BACKPACKING?
Unsurprisingly there are several essential items that you will need when it comes to going backpacking, even if you’re a veteran or just starting, you’ll want a checklist of things that you’ll need that won’t break your back while you’re traveling. Remember: Travelling light is more than necessary to spare your body the pain of all day travel.
Some of the essential items that you can bring along while you're going backpacking include the following:
There are also ten essentials that you should have no matter what when you're about to go backpacking even if it's for just over the weekend. These ten Essentials include:
You want to make sure that you pick a tent that's both lightweight and capable of handling just about anything that Mother Nature hurls at you. A tent that's big enough for only two people is the perfect size that you want as well as something that will be easy to put together if a sudden storm hits and you need emergency shelter.
Getting yourself a backpack with a proper rain cover will help protect your items if you are suddenly caught up in a rainstorm and will provide your clothing and other items the proper safety so that you don't have to worry about anything getting drenched.
A stove in the fire starting kit is excellent ways to provide yourself with heat and a way to cook your food and or boil your water. Having these tools available is especially useful if you find yourself in a situation where the shelter is not a possibility for the evening, and you need a way to take care of yourself at that point.
Additionally, you'll want to make sure that you have the appropriate clothing with you to Be prepared for when anything in the weather suddenly changes. It's essential to have a good idea of what the weather is going to be like and be adequately dressed to face it head-on.
EVERY OUNCE COUNTS
To the inexperienced backpacker, hearing tales of people cutting their toothbrushes and a half to save on the weight seems like a ridiculous notion. However, what they don't seem to realize that they will be carrying around everything that they need for this trip the entire time and after awhile ounces turn into pounds and that can put a lot of strain on your body.
Make sure that when you choose the items for your backpacking trip, you're selecting the lightest versions of these items without neglecting on the things that you need. If you're at a key that needs to have a laptop to travel properly, get yourself something that's exceptionally light and functions just as you need it to like a tablet or a Chromebook for example.
The same thing applies to all of your other items. You want only to pack what you need for your trip. There are helpful weight calculators online that'll give you an idea as to how much something will weigh to provide you with a sense of what you'll be carrying all day.
HOW MUCH MONEY DOES BACKPACKING COST?
Most of this question depends solely on yourself. Some backpackers claimed that they were able to manage a year of backpacking across different countries for only $10,000 for the entire year, and then there are those who say that it can't get done for under $20,000 a year.
There are some questions that you should ask yourself that would help you determine how much you can expect to pay and expenses.
CAMPING OUT OR RENTING A ROOM?
It's unsurprising that living in a tent and cooking your food on a campfire is going to be cheaper than renting a hostel for the night. However, some people need that extra level of comfort and running water to get proper rest.
There are also some backpackers who much prefer to save the extra money that they spent on renting a room and put it towards experiencing the area that they are visiting. Ultimately, it's important to remember that you are going to be living on a tight budget, so every dollar counts when it comes to living expenses and travel.
TO PARTY OR NOT TO PARTY?
Backpackers are indeed party people especially when it comes down to the fact that when you do come across other people, it can be a relieving experience.
While it's essential to celebrate coming together as backpackers, or celebrating someone's first trip, it's also important to remember that alcohol and clubs cost money and sometimes more money than you're willing to part with initially.
Your party habits will determine if you are going to be able to live on a Backpackers budget, so it's something to consider before you even start packing your things for your trip.Fri, Aug 02 | Peak of The Vine
Live Music with Mike and Amy
Come see Mike and Amy acoustic debut play at Peak of the Vine. They will be playing acoustic songs to sing along with and have a good time with friends, wine, beer, and meat and cheese plates. Happy Friday!
Registration is Closed
1) 14
2) two were my own inteest and the rest were school related
3) i have had two comments
4) when we had to say who we wanted to meet and why got the most and i think it is because of the fact that it was the most interesting.
5) I think it would have to be when i had to wrie about the sunset because i love how they look.
6) no because i dont feel the need to.
7) i have 9 and i think that it is just enough and i have the amount that i need and i am happy with it.
8) i have five
OTHERS QUESTIONS
1) This blog seems like they have taken a lot of time and thought into making it
2) The titles and some pictures
3) There is a lot of random things everywhere
4) Make it a little more interesting by the backround
I intervie\wed my mom. i asked her the question and she gave me and answer and i typed it.China Expert: ‘Alliance’ needed between US, Taiwan, and Japan, following tense weekend with China
Just the News reporter, Sophie Mann, talks with China Expert, Stephen Bryen, about recent reports that a US Special Ops unit and Marine unit, have been in Taiwan for the past year training the Taiwanese military, a sign that points to US awareness at the rising threat of China. Bryen also gives his prediction for, if or when, a war between China and Taiwan could breakout after recent heightened tensions following this weekends aggressive signaling by the Chinese towards Taiwan after the sending over of ‘75 airplanes in the last week’ into Taiwanese airspace, which is ‘unusual’ and ‘worrisome’.Outotec and sustainability
Cupellation to separate other metals from gold-silver alloys 2000 BC . Parting to separate Flotation of free gold and gold-bearing sulfide minerals to produce a gold- rich concentrate. CIP. Carbon in Leach. CIL. Carbon in Column. CIC. Solid-liquid separation. Gold ore Good understanding of mineralogy and ore
Gold Mining Process Development – Denver Mineral Engineers
determine the best recovery process and that metallurgical testing is almost Carbon-In-Pulp CIP ; Carbon-In-Leach CIL ; Carbon-In-Column CIC . Refractory ore processing The flotation process in general does not float free gold particles but is commercially viable gold and silver recovery mining processes. We can
IH 2010-001 Reply Impacts of Gold Extraction in the EU
2 Apr 2010 Gold leaching using conventional cyanidation: Best available techniques 25 of all gold and silver mines in the world rely on the use of cyanide. First used on a Carbon-in-leach CIL . ▫ Carbon-in-pulp CIP by separation processes e.g. crushing grinding size-sorting flotation and other.
Gold-PM Conference - ALTA Metallurgical Services
involved copper gold/silver nickel/cobalt uranium and base metals. Cyanidation and CIP/CIL. . Solid/liquid separation. . Flotation SELECTING THE BEST PROCESS FOR THE TREATMENT OF A REFRACTORY GOLD ORE - BARRICK'S CONSUMPTION MODEL TO OPTIMISE CIP/CIL PROCESS PROFITABILITY.
Froth Flotation Method - JXSC Machine - JXSC Mine Machinery
20 Dec 2018 properties. flotation machine always combines with gold leaching CIL CIP etc. Gold and Silver Ore Flotation Processing Technology1 Experience shows that the use of mixed collectors is better than that of single
Gold CIL process - Yantai Jinpeng Mining equipment ore
Cyanidation ---carbon adsorption process is the most widely used in gold The gold CIL process is mainly used in the oxide ore which has low grade of silver its could influence the leaching time and influence the float of activated carbon . carbon in leach cil mining gold tailings for sale cip equipment gold crusher
Modern gold deportment studies
20 Mar 2010 The dissolved gold is usually recovered by the Carbon-in-Leach CIL or. Carbon-in-Pulp CIP process Marsden and House 1992 . Depending
17 - Flotation of Gold Ores - MyCourses
oxidized deposits heap leach low-grade sulphide ores cyanidation CIP CIL and hydrometallurgical methods including cyanidation CIL resin-in-pulp bio-oxidation etc. also the best method for recovery of gold from base metal ores and copper tellurium antimony selenium platinum group metals and silver.
Gold CIL Processing Line -
Gold CIL Carbon in Leach Process is an efficient design of extracting and Gold Flotation Production Line · Gold Cyanidation Leaching Process · Alluvial gold ore and gold ore with large bearing ore volume: silver platinum copper etc. As CIL sees a better performance in extracting these minerals at the same time.
Epc CIL CIP Gold Processing Project Epc Mining
randpic gravity cil processing gold mine epc projectsmall size cil cip gold LeachingGold Cip Processing Plant Epc ProjectGold Flotation Epc Project As a result we have achieved good records and public praise in the mining industry all over the world. It is unsuitable for the gold ore with high-grade silver as well.
The leaching and adsorption behaviour of gold ores - Minerva
1.2 THE RECOVERY OF GOLD BY CY ANIDATION AND CIP/CIL. PROCESSING. 2 Kinetics of silver leaching and precipitation at an initial cyanide concentration of 1 Figure 8.14 Ore profile for the flotation feed across the CIL stages of the. Telfer gold gold dissolution was best described by Equation 2.2. The n1ajority
cip gold cyanidation for flotation separating hot selling
Design criteria of CIP leaching and Adsorption will be evaluated in the 2B the BIOX Gold leaching using conventional cyanidation: Best available techniques . Articles NewsFlow Gold and Silver Prices Market Briefing Sierra Leone : history of Process Explained CCD Mar 172017Gold CIL and CIP Gold Leaching
Use in Mining International Cyanide Management Code
Gold and silver typically occur at very low concentrations in ores - less than 10 Back to top These ores are subject to a concentration processes such as flotation leached with the CIL-process or following leaching with the CIP-process.
Gold Leaching Plant Cil Cip
187Gold CIL CIP Gold Leaching Process Explained CCD Cyanide is a lixiviant Gold Heap Leaching Process Silver Flotation Process Mineral Processing EPC
Epc Production Line For Gold Ore High Quality
small scale production of gold CIL/CIP plant. cip gold cyanidation for gold ore high capacity. mineral processing epc . ball mill plays an essential role in the new production flotation cell for mining. gold flotation production line tin ore processing plant new flotation cell Epc Production Line For Silver Ore Competitive.
Towards more effective simulation of CIP and CIL processes
11 Nov 1990 carbon-in-pulp CIP and carbon-in-Ieach CIL opera- tions. The first models that predict the rate of adsorption of gold onto of the greatest limitations of most existing models isthat ticulate processes such as grinding flotation polymeriza- gold cyanide silver cyanide and high surface area charcoal.
Leaching and CIL processes in gold recovery from refractory
At this part the applicability of CIL process in gold recovery with thiourea was et al. 2012; Gönen et al. 2007 have received the greatest attention. Addition of ferric ion into thiourea leaching system for gold and silver recovery Investigate of Effective Factors on Extraction of Silver from Tailings of Lead Flotation Plant
School of Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering - SAIMM
Gives a better gold purity than the salt process recovered by gravity flotation and direct cyanidation or a combination of these CIP and CIL Processes
Download PDF script with sketches and tables
In gold metallurgy flotation is often used as a pre-enrichment process for The essential requirements for a good gold recovery are adequate cyanide and During the CIP process activated carbon particles are added to the leached The CIL process and the CIC process are essentially variations of the carbon in pulp.
「gold mines mining machine for cil cip cyanide leaching ta」
Gold CIP CIL System Heap Leaching Cyanidation Process About 31 of these are systems: gold cyanide leaching process floatation process gravity separation process. The top supplying country or region is China which supply 100 of gold Leaching In Gold Scheelite Beneficiation Cheap Silver Leaching Cyanide
Gold - EPA Web Archive
section is EPA's Profile of the gold industry; the remaining four sections are Copper Lead Zinc Gold Silver and Molybdenum Ore Sub egory reagents used the values may be recovered from the top or bottom of the flotation cell. Tank leaching both CIP and CIL circuits generate spent ore by leaching the gold
gold cip process gold ore recovery overall service
Gold CIL process Cip System Gold Recovery Cip Process Cip Gold Gold CIP A simple recovery process such as single flotation and all-slime cyanidation can In order to ensure good leaching kinetics and high overall gold recovery it is tablegold silver analysis · gold and silver mineral processing equipment for
Designing gold extraction processes: Performance study of a
1 Aug 2017 48 cases of gold mining projects and nine attributes were modelled successfully. general description of the ore such as “Free milling” or “Silver rich” and gold leaching CIP = Carbon-in-pulp EW = Electrowinning FL = Flotation CIL = Carbon-in-leach CIP = Carbon-in-pulp CL = Cyanide leaching
CIP/CIL Modelling - AusIMM
Estimate the performance of a full-scale CIP and CIL plant. Derive the Gold extraction efficiency is usually good enough even under less than CIL Plant Northern Ontario treating combined flotation concentrate / tailing. ▫ 5 CIL conc
Heap Leaching Technique in Mining - Euromines
successfully used for the beneficiation of certain types of gold ores in Turkey . ii providing the relevant information to consider heap leaching in the context of Best copper nickel-cobalt zinc-lead gold-silver and platinum group element PGE cyanidized gold; namely carbon in pulp CIP and carbon in leach CIL .
WO1994006944A1 - A method for recovering gold and other
Refractory ore resources can consist of ores flotation concentrates mill tailings and of the ore V represents a valuable mineral component i.e. gold silver The Hot CIL process of the present invention can also be used to obtain good
Estimating process design gold extraction leach residence
2 May 2015 The projected plant consumption may be better estimated by using the total cyanide addition in a semblance to those in large leach CIP or CIL tanks operated of rougher flotation tails from a copper-gold-silver Cu-Au-Ag .
Factors influencing the rate of gold cyanide leaching and
The carbon in pulp CIP and carbon in leach CIL processes became firmly better gold recoveries than the traditional filtration/Merrill Crowe process with of pulps that have a density of less than 1.4 g/mL and float on pulps that have a in a CCD/Merrill Crowe process because the ore historically contained high silver
PDF Effect of silver nickel and copper cyanides on gold
PDF The effect of Ag Ni and Cu cyanides on gold adsorption on activated coconut carbon in cyanide leach complex and adsorbs on carbon better than the cyanides of Ni the design of CIL and CIP circuits Minerals Engineering Vol. Conventional processing of poly-metallic gold containing flotation concentrates are
Gold CIL Production LineGold CIL ProcessGold CIL Plant
Gold CIL Carbon in Leach Process is an efficient design of extracting and recovering gold from its ore. By cyaniding and Longwall Top Coal Caving LTCC Mining Technology Gold CIP Production Line · > Gold Silver Flotation Process.
Precious Metal Mining Analysis Solutions Malvern Panalytical
The greatest challenge in the precious metal mining industry gold silver platinum Mineral surface characterization to optimize flotation of valuable minerals on the efficiency of the carbon in pulp CIP and carbon in leach CIL processes.
Simulation study of the optimal distribution of cyanide in a gold
best reactant addition strategy in a cascade of agitated leaching tanks is not available in ematical model of the gold cyanidation process calibrated with a set of industrial tants addition in flotation Wills 1997; Lynch et al. mined by titration with silver nitrate and rhodanine and simulation of CIP and CIL processes.
gold cip production line design - Remix Lounge
The process design of gold leaching and carbon in pulp . SAIMM. leach and CIP/CIL circuits in order to ensure that these objectives are . Sand Dressing Production Line; Gold Heap Leaching Process; Silver Flotation Process gold in them · best efficiency gold flotation machine · complete gold ore mining equipment
Gold CIL and CIP Gold Leaching Process Explained CCD
2 Nov 2018 Silver ore bodies show better economics with agitated tank leach-Merrill Crowe circuits. This is because the volume of carbon that would have to
GOLD EXTRACTION As the discovery rate and grades fall
8 May 2013 from 2003 to 2004 was the best in the study range new 2.4 Mt/y CIL carbon in leach facility to The world's declining rate of new gold discoveries and grades Source: concentration and flotation of valuable minerals extraction of gold and silver. relevant in CIL/CIP circuits and benefits are also.
Gold Leach Kinetics
8 Oct 2014 Option 2 – Gravity and Flotation with Off-site Concentrate Processing. 3.5. 3.2.1. Grinding Figure 2.2: Pre-Feasibility Test Work Silver Leach Kinetics. 2.5 Continuous Gravity Recovery. CIL. Carbon-in-Leach. CIP. Carbon-in-Pulp cps CIL flowsheet was shown to provide the best overall gold recoveries.
Minerals Free Full-Text CIL Gold Loss Characterization
16 Sep 2019 The results of DLT indi e that 25–35% of the gold in the tails is Consequently any gold losses during flotation would be the result of gold association The tailings also contain important contents of silver 11.1–16.5 g/t iron on activated carbon and their impact on the design of CIL and CIP circuits.
Gold and Silver Processing Eriez Flotation Division
The Cyanidation Process: In the CIL/CIP process for most gold ores metallic gold must be cyanidized according to the following reaction: 4Au 8CN- O2
Gold Extraction with STEINERT KSS
critical in the future to harness best-of-class technologies. Gold collects slurry samples from CIP and CIL tanks to determine the of 100000 oz/y of gold from concentrate and flotation tailings. A recent GlyCat study used a silver-gold ore.
Gold CIP Production Line - HOT Mining
Scheelite flotation production line · Phosphate Flotation Production Line · Overland Conveyor Now it is being replacing by CIL process progressively. It is unsuitable for the gold ore with high grade silver as well. The best conditions for CIP process in China: PH=10-12 sodium cyanide concentration is not less than
Full article: Solvent Extraction of Silver and Gold From Alkaline
2 Oct 2013 The recovery of gold and silver from the alkaline cyanide leachate is usually accomplished through CIP/CIL carbon-in-pulp/carbon-in-leach or traditional Merrill-Crowe It was confirmed that good agreement between analytical and Low-Grade Tailings by Froth Flotation: The Case of Zgounder Mine
comparative study of auxiliary oxidants in the cyanidation of
Noticeably lower extraction of silver than gold in conventional cyanidation process has Table 2-1 Top 10 Silver producing countries in 2012 millions of ounces Since most of the silver minerals float well with sulfide collectors physical processes adopted by industry Carbon-in-Pulp CIP Carbon-in-Leach CIL and.
flowsheet development for gold orebodies - SGS
achieves the greatest gold recovery at the lowest cost. flotation all of which increase capital and operating costs. and/or flotation. The amenability gold and silver that are achieved. CIP / carbon-in-leach CIL modeling package to
valves for gold leaching in cil cip or cic circuits - Neles
pulp CIP or carbon-in-column CIC circuits. The gold 9. Figure 1. Simplified representation of the gold CIL production process methods include flotation followed by either roasting process ball valves are a good option for the leaching
1. Abstract With increasing levels of gold production coming
The alkaline process is used to recover precious metals such as gold silver and grading 4.6 g/t Au and 11.6 g/t Ag. Bulk flotation of the ore produced an upgraded slurry suitable for gold recovery in a conventional CIL/CIP circuit. 4.2 High run time availability of 94% or better is expected from the Albion Process plant.
Silver Flotation Process -
Silver flotation process of includes three kinds of methods: flotation Solutions: Gold CIP Production Line · Gold CIL Processing Line · Gold Flotation Production cyanide which proves to be a good method to solve the wastewater pollute. is 750t/d. its main ore is Pyrite chalcopyrite gold silver and other natural .
Ity CIL Project - NI43-101
9 Dec 2016 Whole-of-Ore and Flotation Concentrate UFG Comparison significant silver levels in Ity ores with silver to gold ratios of between 2 Vavoua area: New 1.5 km northeast trending anomaly with best values >1400 ppb in the.
Refining Gold Processing E and MJ
Gold processing is one area of mining where the old adage 'if it ain't broke “It is a lot more common now to see a flotation circuit in gold plants because A lot of gold mines especially older ones don't have the best sampling equipment. for use in carbon-in-pulp and carbon-in-leach CIP/CIL circuits; an alternative to
AN ALKALINE GLYCINE-BASED PROCESS FOR COPPER
environment to leach gold silver and copper from their ores concentrates process whereas gold and silver glycinates adsorb very well onto carbon allowing CIP/CIL/CIC sulfuric acid leaching of the oxide ores and grinding and flotation of in moist air results in a Fe III –O–OH surface layer on top of a Cu rich sulfide.
Sulphide Gold Flotation Concentrate CIL Leaching
Merrill Crowe · CIL/CIP Gold Elution/Electrowinning · Reagent Gravity Gold – Rougher Concentrate Flotation CIL Leaching and Refining: This mineral processing The CIL process with activated carbon is best suited for ores with no or some levels of The initial gravity circuit will extract any coarse GRG gold and silver.
NEXT Post:charcoal crushing quarryProduct Code: FNC49
One of a Kind, 99,999 Times - 'TIS THE... SEASONAL LIMITED EDITION!
It's December, and Field Notes HQ in Chicago hasn't seen more than a few flurries yet, so let's get Winter 2020 started with Field Notes Quarterly Edition, "Snowy Evening.". (Read the whole story here). With the expertise of our.
While creating this edition, it occurred to us that, like snowflakes, every Field Notes Memo Book is different. This time, that's literally true. But what makes each book truly unique are the notes we write to ourselves on its 48 pages.32410:AMYLASE, BODY FLUID Author PeaceHealth Laboratories Print View Attached Docs: 32410:AMYLASE, BODY FLUID Methodology: Enzymatic Rate (effective 1/16/06) Edit Date: 6/11/2010 Performed: Daily Released: Same day as tested CPT Code: 82150 Specimen Collection Details Collection: Fluid in one 5 mL red top tube or other sterile container. Handling: Label container with source of fluid. Transport in original container. Standard Volume: 2 mL fluid. Minimum Volume: 1 mL fluid. Transport: Refrigerated. Reference Range: None available.Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}}
Coming up next:
{{nextVideo.title}}
{{nextVideo.description}}
Related
Now Playing:
{{currentVideo.title}}
Related Videos
Now Playing: {{itm: "Dancing With The Stars" Last Dance
Now Playing: Waco Retaliation Fears
Now Playing: Deadly Biker Brawl
Now Playing: Girls With Toys
Now Playing: Little Billiards Prodigy
Now Playing: Down Goes Shaq!
Now Playing: Tantrum Lip-Sync Video Goes ViralDental implants are considered the gold standard for replacing missing teeth. Why? Get the facts on dental implants, what they are, and why dental implant treatment is the best way to help you smile. Fact: Dental implants are the foundation to a healthier smile. Dental implants are titanium posts surgically implanted into the jaw bone. […]
Let’s Talk About Dental Implants
Sep 25, 2019Texas schools can require masks again after a judge overrules state's ban
RACHEL MARTIN, HOST:
A federal judge has blocked an order by the Texas governor that banned mask mandates in public schools. The judge said the governor's order puts children with disabilities at risk. NPR's John Burnett has the story.
JOHN BURNETT, BYLINE: The plaintiffs in this case are seven disabled children 12 years and under who are particularly vulnerable to COVID-19. Federal Judge Lee Yeakel in Austin ruled that banning masks in Texas schools violates the federal Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. And he issued a permanent injunction against Governor Greg Abbott's order. He said the child plaintiffs are being denied the benefits of in-person learning. He also said the state government failed to present any evidence that requiring masks fundamentally alters educational programs. Kym Davis Rogers is one of the attorneys who sued Governor Abbott and the Texas Education Agency on behalf of Disability Rights Texas.
KYM DAVIS ROGERS: All of our plaintiffs have disabilities that put them at a higher risk for severe consequences from COVID. And the accommodations that provides them the most protection is the use of masks. But Governor Abbott's executive order prohibited schools from requiring the use of masks.
BURNETT: The judge pointed out that since in-person classes resumed this semester in Texas, more than 200,000 kids tested positive for COVID. And at least 45 school districts temporarily shut down. Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton had already sued 15 school districts that openly disobeyed Abbott's order. He argued that it's a parent's decision, not the schools, whether their child should be forced to wear a mask. Paxton tweeted last night that he strongly disagrees with the Yeakel's order barring him from suing any other schools. And his office is considering all legal avenues to challenge the decision. It's expected to be swiftly appealed to the conservative Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. Again, Attorney Rogers.
ROGERS: But in the meantime, we have an injunction that allows school districts to implement the accommodations to protect students with disabilities.
BURNETT: Seven other states, mostly in the South and Southwest, have stopped school districts from requiring students to don face masks. Legal fights have broken out all over. So far, five other federal courts, like the judge in Austin, have found that prohibiting masking in schools violates the ADA. In Florida, a state appeals court found in favor of Governor Ron DeSantis' ban on school mask mandates. Meanwhile, the Biden administration has weighed in, with the Justice Department and the Education Department supporting lawsuits challenging bans on school mask requirements.
John Burnett, NPR News, Austin.
(SOUNDBITE OF OBERST AND BUCHNER'S "MOVING ROOMS") Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.10 x Children's Graduation Gown Sets in Matt Finish (7-13yrs)
£210.00
10 x Children's Graduation Gown Sets in Matt Finish (7-13yrs)
£210.00
- Ex Tax: £210.00
These smart graduation gowns are made from high quality polyester and feature a zip closing front and jacket style sleeves with a simple pleated back.
Available in a matt finish the set includes :-
- 10 x Graduation gown
- 10 x Hat (mortarboard)
- 10.With the year-end fast approaching many companies are busy charting their course to the promised land in 2016.
New results require new thinking, and new thinking starts by questioning your beliefs about your company, your customers, your competitors … everything. It starts by attacking your assumptions.
For over a hundred years every baseball expert knew – knew – that the best measure of a hitter’s performance was batting average. Until analytics showed that a better measure is actually on-base percentage. Why? While the act of hitting safely is important, what is more relevant to scoring runs is how often a batter gets on base, whether by hits, walks, or being hit by a pitch.
Today, many football experts know – know – that when the opposing team lines up for a potentially game-winning field goal you should call a time-out to rattle the kicker. Yet the analytics show that this tactic helps to focus kickers, not rattle them, because their success rate goes up by two percent!
Today in your industry, everyone knows – knows – that … see where we’re headed?
Attack your assumptions. And that’s a lot easier to do if you lease your assumptions instead of owning them. Reserve the right to learn, to take in new information and revise your beliefs. It’s not a matter of being right or wrong. It’s a matter of growing stronger and becoming more effective.
The only safe assumption is that some of your existing assumptions need to change.
(Just after writing this blog I was reading the latest edition of Success magazine and saw this quote from Tim Ferriss, best-selling author of The 4-Hour Workweek: “I realized that my entire life has been focused on questioning assumptions. I’ve seen a lot of smart people fail when they aren’t questioning their assumptions.”)
Your thoughts?
Michael
Why You Should Lease Your Assumptions
With the year-end fast approaching many companies are busy charting their course to the promised land in 2016.Dr Andrew Eustace MB Bch BAO(NUI) LRCP&SI MRCPI MRCPsych
Andrew Eustace is the Clinical Director of Highfield Healthcare. A graduate of the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland, he completed his general medical training attaining his medical membership in 1996. He commenced training in psychiatry securing his MRCPsych in 1999 and worked as a Research Fellow in the Mercer’s Institute for Research in Ageing publishing in the area of dementia. Following completion of his Higher Training in Psychiatry of Old Age in 2003 he took up a full-time consultant psychiatrist position in Highfield Healthcare and has maintained this area of interest with the opening of the Highfield Healthcare Memory Clinic.
He has published extensively in the areas of recognition of early dementia and behavioural problems in dementia. Since then he has completed further studies in Cognitive Behavioural Therapy and has provided the clinical lead in the development of the acute psychiatric unit here in the Hampstead Clinic commissioned in June 2012. Within the general adult acute mental health services, his particular interest and expertise is evident in psychopharmacology and treatment of resistant depression and bipolar disorder. Having worked in community psychiatry he has been committed to the development of a Day Hospital service to complement the inpatient unit and has been integral to its development and commissioning in November 2016. Dr. Eustace also provides a liaison psychiatric service to the Mater Private Hospital, Dublin.
Dr. Miriam Kennedy, MB BCh BAO BSc PhD MRCPsych MCPsychI ALCM
Dr Miriam Kennedy is a dual qualified Consultant Psychiatrist in both general adult psychiatry (over 18 until 65 years) and Later Life (over 65) with a particular interest in Depression. She also has, for many years, focused on the role of stress in illness, on empathy , hope and resilience factors in recovery and of non-pharmacological approaches in depression and in dementia. With an additional doctorate in medical physiology and a qualification in interpersonal psychotherapy (emphasising the effect of relationships and environment on mood and vice versa) her approach emphasises a holistic person-centred view.
She also works with a multidisciplinary team in Highfield Hospital and the Hampstead Clinic inpatient and day hospital services, who incorporate this person centred approach into treatments. Dr Kennedy’s experience in education, teaching and learning at both undergraduate and postgraduate levels convinces her that the capacity to heal, to improve quality of life after illness and/or life trauma or crises and to alleviate distress is great. Research and professional interests include capacity and consent to treatment and medical education.
Dr. Denis Eustace, LRCPSI., MRCPsych
Dr. Denis Eustace is a Consultant Psychiatrist of Later Life, a position he took up in Highfield Healthcare in 1983. Prior to joining Highfield Healthcare he worked in Canada as a Consultant Psychiatrist. When he returned he became the Clinical Director, a position he held for over thirty years. During this time he had been responsible for developing and expanding services in dementia care. He opened Ireland’s first dementia dedicated unit in 1990 and subsequently a High Dependency Unit, as well as a centre for Enduring Mental Illness.
More laterally he was actively involved in the development of a new two hundred bed facility that opened its doors in 2012. Today he continues to work as a full time Psychiatrist practicing in both disciplines of General Adult Psychiatry and Psychiatry of Later Life.
Dr Marina Bowe, MB, BCH,BAO, MRCPsych
Dr Marina Bowe is a Consultant General Adult Psychiatrist. A graduate of Trinity College Dublin, after working for two years in medicine and paediatrics she commenced training with the Dublin University Rotational Psychiatric training scheme. She became a member of the Royal College of Psychiatrists in 2003 and completed higher training in General Adult Psychiatry in 2009. In 2010 she commenced working as a consultant in the Dublin West South West Mental Health Services. In addition to working as a consultant in General Adult Psychiatry she has worked in rehabilitation, old age and psychiatry of intellectual disability at consultant level.
Dr Bowe has a background in service development and has previously worked with the Genio in the role of Programme Manager for Mental Health. Her publications include being lead author on a book “Home not Hospital” which looks at the evolution of Ireland’s first home treatment team. Her area of interest is in the delivery of recovery focused Mental Health Services. Marina has provided “Recovery Consultancy” to the National Advancing Recovery in Ireland initiative. She has had additional training the areas of personal recovery and social role valorisation.ANL-logo Post author By PreEmptive Admin Post date October 27, 2020 No Comments on ANL-logo Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * Email * Website Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.Custom Utah Horseback Riding, Hiking, & Jeep Tours
We will build the trip that you want
Multi-Day Charters: Hondoo takes great pride in our tradition of providing personalized service for those interested in enjoying the backcountry of the Colorado Plateau. We’ve specialized in custom Utah vacation itineraries since our founding in 1975!
Day Charters: Day long hiking and rock art trips are made by appointment only. Please contact us to plan your day trip.
Personalized Charters
One day Utah hiking and rock art trips are made by appointment only. Please contact us to plan your day trip.
Individuals, partners, families or groups may explore Utah’s Canyonlands by horse, foot and/or vehicle. You may design a trip of two or more nights featuring camping or inn/motel lodging.
Seeking solitude, intimacy, or group activity? Want to experience superlative red rock scenery or rock art? Need to conduct business or a seminar without urban distractions? Do you desire to pursue an interest or hobby such as photography, archaeology, geology, paleontology or history? Let us suggest a trip or help you customize a backcountry adventure of your specifications.
Custom trips featuring inn lodging do not include breakfast or dinner. These meals are the responsibility of participants and are available at, or near, your inn. Custom camping trips include complete outfitting with all meals, accommodations, equipment, and transportation from Torrey, Utah and return.
Listed prices reflect Hondoo’s rigorous standards for quality food and comfortable accommodations. If you wish, prices may be negotiated lower or higher to correspond with your inclinations; however, when it comes to inn lodging, it should be noted that there are few 5-star resorts in the region.
Note: “One night” equals one day of activity -horse riding, hiking, vehicle touring or rock art viewing and the evening’s accommodation. In other words, the morning after the final night we’ll proceed directly to our departure point in Torrey, unless otherwise arranged.
Shuttles, Airport Taxi and Drop Camp Service
Charges for ground transportation are based on distance, road condition and type of vehicle(s) required. As a rule of thumb, per vehicle charges are based on mileage at the rate of $2.00/mile highway and $3.00/mile off-highway.
Prices for shuttles to popular hiking and biking areas include:
Visitor Center, Chimney Rock, Sand Creek or Grover area–$35; Spring Canyon/Deep Creek or Miners Mtn.–$45; Capitol Gorge–$55; Pleasant Creek, Notom, or Park Pasture/Wildcat/Lower Bowns–$65.
Charges for camp drops with packstock include:
Transportation fee to trailhead, then $150 per pack or saddle horse per day.After graduating college, I found it difficult to get my first job in the science field, as my husband’s active duty military career moved our family often. With passion and commercial experience in design, I turned a hobby into a business in 2014, and my first business, Darling Sailor Designs, was born, a business that could move to any city in the world. From there, we branched to a new brand, Savage and Bird. By supporting our business, you have allowed me to have a flexible career and be at home with my children, one being special needs. For that, I am so very grateful. This is truly a dream come true of a dream I never knew I had. Thank you and God Bless!
♡ Birdie
A brand-new role has been created for a Document Controller, to join a fast-growing cell therapy organisation in Stevenage, Herts, who are devoted to tackling cancer. We are looking for a hard-working individual with strong administrative skills gained within a Quality function. If you are proficient in the use of software applications such as Word, Excel and Electronic Documentation Management Systems (EDMS) / Quality Management systems (eQMS), this could be a great career opportunity.
This is a permanent position, paying a very generous salary, annual bonus and healthcare, to discuss on application. Your role will be based in Stevenage, though flexibility can be provided for some remote working and can be discussed.
The Role:
Reporting to the QA Director, you will support QA, as well as Production, Reg Affairs and Supply Chain teams, regarding to QA/GMP administrative and document management tasks. You will help to ensure efficient and timely manufacturing of cell therapy products for Phase 1 and Phase 2 clinical trials.
Your duties will include:
- Liaising with Production, Quality Control, Quality Assurance, Regulatory Affairs and Supply Chain personnel to manage GMP controlled document issuance, distribution, reconciliation, archival and destruction activities.
- Supporting QA team members with administrative tasks such as filing, printing and copying.
- Supporting Quality Assurance team with general QA activities where required.
- Providing document control and role associated training to site personnel.
- Maintaining and supporting processes for quality metrics reporting.
- Maintenance of reliable document storage and archiving systems, both paper-based and electronic, to maintain the integrity of the records.
- Providing regular reports as required for quality meetings, executive meetings.
Skills and Experience Required:
We are looking for an adaptable, energetic, collaborative, honest and versatile person to join this pioneering company who are at the forefront of T-cell therapy.
- Strong experience in QA document control/administration in a GMP manufacturing environment (ideally sterile pharmaceuticals, ATMP or biologics).
- Minimum second level education or national diploma level
- Proficiency in the use of computers and software applications such as Word, Excel and Electronic Documentation Management Systems (EDMS)/Quality Management systems (eQMS).
- Comfortable in a fast-paced small company environment with minimal direction.
- Excellent communication skills and ability to work with people at all levels
- Proactive, driven, pragmatic, open-minded, emotionally intelligent, positive and respectful approach to your work
Full details will be provided on application. This is a permanent role in Stevenage, Hertfordshire.You go somewhere out from your house in your newly bought car. You park the car and come back after few minutes. Boom! You cannot see your car where you parked. It has stolen! Your new car! You can still find your car through GPS tracker. Was it installed in your car? No!
Protecting your car is as much important as protecting your family, your house even your cell phone. Insurance may help you in car theft or accident etc. but you can track your car through a small device GPS tracker. You are not spying on your family or friends but keeping your property safe is essential.
In this article, I’ll guide you about the benefits to install covert GPS tracker in your vehicles.
1. Know Your Car’s Location:
This is the reason car owners usually install GPS tracker in their vehicles. GPS (Global Positioning System) tracker helps you to know the location of your car. Sometimes your friends take your car, your house staff take your car to buy grocery. It is the best way to keep an eye on your property.
2. Stuck In Emergency Situation With Your Car!
You got an accident and want to tell the position of yours to health care department and you don’t know your position. Don’t worry GPS tracker in your car help you in this.
3. Thief Stole Your Car!
Thousands of car stolen every day in this world. Thieves usually break into your car or sometimes people forget the keys inside the car and thieves take benefit of it. But with the car tracker device, you can find the location of your car and can give this location to the police. You don’t have to go to that location by yourself. Let the police do their task.
4. Keep Your Eyes On Your Teens!
Whenever your kids start the car engine, you will get notified through the GPS tracker. You can also be notified if your children over speeding the car. You will know the routes your kids took while driving.
5. Know The Health Of Your Car!
Advanced GPS trackers have help you to monitor the health of your car. It will remind you for the routine maintenance. If your car accidently got bumped, you will get notified on your smartphone immediately.
Where You Can Install Covert GPS Tracker In Your Vehicle?
You can hide it anywhere in your car, but some safe positions are mentioned below:
- Under the vehicle
- In the bumper of your car
- Under the seat
- In the dashboard
It is highly recommended to install covert GPS tracker in your car. The benefits are more than this. It gives you security, tracking details and what not. The benefits are endless.it will not cost you more than the value of your car. Means GPS tracker cost you less.
The protection of your belongings is important. So make sure you install a GPS tracker now before you go out in your car.All Discussions Groups Jobs Rules Community Stats Patented medical device to develop. DiscussionsPharma & Medical Device IndustryPatented medical device to develop. All discussions Discussions with Comments Discussions (no comments) « Back to Previous Page Tweet ▲ 1 ▼ ♥ 0 What can be the best way to achieve license my patent for a retractable device to be used in the… Please Sign-up / Sign-in to read the entire article. Marked as spam Posted by Dr.Jose Pimentel Capote (Discussions: 1, Comments: 1) Replied on July 11, 2018 12:00 am Category: Pharma & Medical Device Industry 19 views Follow Unfollow « Back to Previous Page Please Sign-in to post a discussion or comment. Sign-up / Sign-inFilter By:
Date
Topic
- (-) Remove Economic Policy filter Economic Policy
- (-) Remove Government Regulation filter Government Regulation
- (-) Remove Monetary Policy filter Monetary Policy
- Business & Labor (3) Apply Business & Labor filter
- Economic Theory (4) Apply Economic Theory filter
- Fiscal Policy (2) Apply Fiscal Policy filter
- Global Policy (2) Apply Global Policy filter
- Taxes (1) Apply Taxes filter
- (-) Remove Energy, Science & Technology filter Energy, Science & Technology
- Foreign Affairs & National Security (3) Apply Foreign Affairs & National Security filter
- History (4) Apply History filter
- Law (1) Apply Law." 6360B is a cheap refurbished laptop ideal for professionals on the go.
High productivity, anywhere, anytime. Affordable laptop with Intel Core I3-2310M 2.10 GHZ processor
HD display with 13.3-inch diagonal HD Graphic with 1366x768 px resolution.
Solid performance and the high security, manageability and durability needed in a corporate environment.
Equipment 100% verified
Secure payment.
Quick delivery.
Return in 30 days.576 View Lake Rd
Rural Scugog | Scugog
See all 20 photos
Local laws require you to sign up to see more photos.
Sold for $XXX,XXX
Nov 01, 2021
No Instant Estimate Yet
Sorry, we're still analyzing the data we need to accurately value this home
576 View Lake Rd|Rural Scugog
Similar homes for sale
This home is unique! There aren't any similar listings in the area right now
Try searching other areas or come back later
Description
Cozy Fieldstone 4-Season Cottage, Partially Renovated. Located On Lake Scugog, Fish From Dock Or Connect To Trent Severn For Lake Adventures. Continue Reno Job Or Rebuild Custom Home. Bus To School In Blackstock (15 Mins Away) Or Port Perry For High School & French Immersion. Full 30Amp Rv Hook-Up. New Electrical Panel 100Amp. New Waterproofing, Structural Floor Beams, Insulation, Walls. New(Er) Steel Roof & Natural Gas Furnace. Paved Road!
Listing Brokerage
Similar homes for sale
This home is unique! There aren't any similar listings in the area right now
Try searching other areas or come back later
Save your favourite listings in one spot to keep track of homes you like.Galaxy Class Scale
RiskIQ’s advantage is our massive Global Inventory. It is a complete collection of every asset on the internet mapped to organizations and labeled based on behavior. It is the most extensive and most accurate view of how the Internet functions.
Our inventory includes billions of assets, increasing in size and visible in real-time, whether active or inactive, open or closed. Each record in the knowledge base comprises who owns or relies on the asset, what that asset supports, other related assets, and the services, protocols, location information, operating system, software and applications, and more. Our visibility extends into asset evolution and history.
Inventory Context
Using our automated discovery, linked assets, and Inventory technology, RiskIQ knows the asset location and why it’s related to you. We also know what role the asset is playing in your organization.
Devices, websites, and web applications provide or support critical business operations. Having context is essential to understanding and prioritizing attack surface management, including applying and using threat intelligence to make intel-centric decisions.
Insights Drive Action
RiskIQ not only discovers your internet attack surface; it also classifies devices and applications, revealing exposure and enabling accurate threat detection.
By comparing how you use the internet across the billions of other data points in our community defense system, RiskIQ automatically leverages passive and active behavior-based detections to tag each asset in your attack surface. As the latest threat intelligence pinpoints a device, RiskIQ issues events or automatically triggers actions via our Interlock ecosystem to protect your assets.
Proaim 100mm Bowl Head Mount for Powermatic Scissor Jib.
Save Liquid error (product-badge line 32): Computation results to '-Infinity'%
$50.00
SKU : AP-100-SCSR
- Fluid Mount : 100mm Bowl
- Product Weight : 0.350kg
- Gross Weight : 0.400kg
- Corrugated Box Dimensions (L x W x H) : 14cm x 12cm x 7cm
Be the first to ask a question about this.Terms and conditions These terms and conditions ("Terms", "Agreement") are an agreement between Musiop ("Musiop", "us", "we" or "our") and you ("User", "you" or "your"). This Agreement sets forth the general terms and conditions of your use of the Band, Musiop Musiop or third-parties, and all rights, titles, and interests in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Musiop. All trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with our Mobile Application or Services, are trademarks or registered trademarks of Musiop or Musiop licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with our Mobile Application or Services may be the trademarks of other third-parties. Your use of our Mobile Application and Services grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Musiop Musiop, Musiop has been advised as to the possibility of such damages or could have foreseen such damages. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the aggregate liability of Musiop and its affiliates, officers, employees, agents, suppliers and licensors, relating to the services will be limited to an amount greater of one dollar or any amounts actually paid in cash by you to Musiop Musiop Limburg, Netherlands without regard to its rules on conflicts or choice of law and, to the extent applicable, the laws of Netherlands. The exclusive jurisdiction and venue for actions related to the subject matter hereof shall be the state and federal courts located in Limburg, Netherlands, write a letter to Gerrittenweg 26, 5916SB, Venlo, The Netherlands This document was last updated on October 9, 2019Contact Sara
Constituency Office
14 Broadway, Accrington, BB5 1HZ
01254230441
Westminster Office
House of Commons, London SW1A 0AA
0207 219 4836
Find me on Twitter
My map
Is Sara your MP?
Enter your postcode
Find me on Instagram
I'm Sara Britcliffe and it's an honour to be the Conservative MP for Hyndburn & Haslingden. Here, you can find my news, campaigns and more about me, including what I stand for and how you can contact my office. I'm here to help, regardless of how you voted, so please don't hesitate to get in touch.The Dictionary of American Political Bullshit
Serious observations paired with a cynical voice call out the “bullshit” in politics.
On the first reading of The Dictionary of American Political Bullshit by Stephen L. Goldstein, one might be tempted to include this very book in the lexicon of other political phrases, words, and short statements designated by the author as misleading, vapid, or otherwise useless. But just in the nick of time, the author manages to justify his opus. It reads like a 1920s silent film melodrama with poor Penelope (i.e., the American people) rescued at the last moment from the speeding locomotive (i.e., present day politicians) by the guys in the white hats (i.e., rational thought).
The book is organized like a dictionary, with entries arranged alphabetically and with each entry including a definition. The definitions are actually short essays, each about two pages in length, discussing the real underlying meaning of the word or phrase. Thus, the author covers matters beginning with “access” and ending with “world-class.” Each entry is denominated as bullshit, and Goldstein explains why he has so categorized the word or phrase. Some explanations include humorous material; most can be classified as cynical.
It would be easy to dismiss this book as put together by a jaded political junkie who is frustrated with the current level of what passes as political discourse. Early on, it becomes clear that Goldstein’s definition of bullshit includes most conservative proposals concerning public issues. Rarely is that appellation applied to more progressive positions, but it does happen often enough to keep the author honest.
A closer reading uncovers serious, provocative observations that add to the quality of political debate. Discussing the Citizens United case, which opened the floodgates to corporate financing of elections, the author looks forward to a day when the people will take matters into their own hands, as they should in a representative democracy: “But that will take major lapses into rationality: that only people are people, only speech is speech—and, like it or not, corporations are only corporations.”
Under the entry for “government,” Goldstein notes that the antigovernment ranting that has beset us for many years began with during the Reagan administration. Rather than dismiss this penchant for mouthing platitudes about the evils stemming from Reagan’s time as president, a favorite pastime of the left, Goldstein cuts to the substance of the issue: “What’s worse, anti-government rhetoric, now taken for granted, continues to be the justification for dismantling our social fabric.” Thus, substance triumphs over form.
Goldstein wraps up his diatribe with an epilogue aimed at the pervasiveness of the Internet. Curiously, he says that what is said on the Internet lasts forever: “But ultimately this is the Age of Accountability. The Internet will lead to the death of bullshit.” If that is true, then we don’t need The Dictionary of American Political Bullshit; all we need is patience. Or is this book bullshit too? Read it and decide.
Reviewed by
John Sen.Frequently Asked Questions
Below are the most common questions we are asked.
If you can't find the answer you are after, scroll down to our Terms and Conditions.
Questions about tickets:
I can't pay right now but I want to register for a session, what do I do?
If you want to attend a session you can't pay for right now, you can send an email to
creativeexchange@kickstart.org.au to let us know. We may be able to reserve a spot for you and work out a payment method that suits your situation.
I can no longer attend the session I have paid for. Can I get a refund?
We require notification in writing at least 7 days prior to the session in order to process a refund. Email creativeexchange@kickstart.org.au with the name/s of the ticket holder/s and we can either refund or give you a credit to use against another session in the future. Tip: You can give the ticket to a friend or sell it on, you just need to make sure you tell us who's coming if it's no longer the original ticket holder.
The session I want to attend is SOLD OUT! Do you have a waiting list?
Yes, you can email creativeexchange@kickstart.org.au with the details of the event you wish to book and we will notify you in order of first-come-first-served when a spot becomes available.
I missed out on a session, please can you repeat it?
We keep an eye on the popularity of each session that we run, including the number of requests to repeat a session and waiting list numbers, and will do our best to repeat any session which is particularly popular. Make sure you tell us if you missed out.
Do I have to pay online with a credit card, or can I pay cash?
If you have issues with using our online booking system to book your session, please call 0455 111 748 to arrange an alternative payment option
Why is the cost of my ticket more than I expected?
If you get to take something home (eg something you made), we might add a small fee to cover the cost of the materials. Also, GST (10%) is added to every ticket.
Questions about Sessions:
Where will the session take place?
All Creative Workshops will take place in the Old School Room at the Kickstart Arts Centre in New Town. If an alternative venue is planned for your session, you will be notified in an email.
Do I need to book?
Unless the session information states a Drop In option is available, you are required to book. Please register your attendance via our online booking system so that we know you are coming. Alternatively you can call 0455 111 748 or email us at creativeexchange@kickstart.org.au to register your attendance.
What time should I arrive for a session?
Please arrive at least 5 minutes prior to the start time in order to find a parking spot/lock up your bike and make your way to the venue. Sessions will start at the advertised time.
Can I ask you not to put photos of me on the internet?
Yes, please tell us when you arrive that you do not want to be photographed and we will make sure that your wish is carried out.
Is the Kickstart Arts Centre wheelchair accessible?
Yes, The Old School Room, Community Kitchen and Courtyard areas are all wheelchair accessible areas. If you have any concerns regarding accessibility, please give us a call on 0455 111 748 or email creativeexchange@kickstart.org.au.
Can I bring a child or baby to a session?
While we do not have any dedicated facilities for babies or young children, we welcome supervised young learners to participate in sessions which do not involve alcohol. Be aware that having a baby or child in attendance with you may distract you and others from participating fully.
Do you run private sessions?
Yes we are able to run sessions tailored to specific groups or events. Please contact us at creativeexchange@kickstart.org.au or 0455 111 748 to discuss your needs.
Can I suggest a session for you to run?
It would be great to hear ideas from people about what they would like to see. Please add your suggestion to the list we have created on Facebook. Alternatively email creativeexchange@kickstart.org.au with your suggestions.
We value your visit, whether it's online or at the Kickstart Arts Centre, and want to make sure there are no uncertainties or misunderstandings about what we provide, what you expect from Kickstart Arts and our Facilitators, and what we expect from you as a Visitor to our Website or as a Facilitator and/or Participant to one or more of our Sessions.
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using the Kickstart Arts Inc. Website or signing up to any Creative Workshops. By accessing or using our Website, and/or by booking and/or attending any Session run or organised by Kickstart Arts Inc., you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.
TABLE OF CONTENTS:
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITiONS
1. Definitions
2. Description of Terms and Conditions
3. Amendments to Terms and Conditions
WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
4. Copyright
5. Trademarks
6. Other Intellectual Property
7. Links to Other Websites
8. Emails
9. Security of Information
10. Accuracy of Information
11. Permitted Use
SESSION TERMS AND CONDITIONS
12. Age Limit
13. Class Attendance and Conduct
14. Cancellations and Refunds
15. Risk and Judgement
16. Disclaimer of Warranties
17. Limitation of Liability
18. Photography and Video Consent
19. Governing Law
20. General
1. Definitions
“Creative Workshops” or “our”, “us”, or “we” refers to Kickstart Arts' business of arranging Workshops, Sessions, Masterclasses and other activities as branded by Kickstart Arts Inc. and promoted on the Kickstart Arts Website. “Creative Workshops” is an ongoing project which is promoted, managed and produced solely by Kickstart Arts Inc.
“our Website” refers to any websites located at the domain
“Facilitator” means a person who runs a Session in the capacity as a facilitator for attending participants. These people are not necessarily trained as professional facilitators, but have passion for, and an in-depth knowledge of, the topic they are teaching about. Facilitators will often be from the local community.
“Session” or “Sessions” means the guidance and presentation (or presentations) provided by the Facilitator at a designated location and time.
“Participant” refers to the person who has registered and/or booked and/or attended a Class.
“Venue” means the place where the “Session” or “Sessions” are held at a designated and agreed time, with a presenting Facilitator.
These terms will be capitalised throughout this Agreement.
2. Description of Kickstart Arts' Creative Workshops Terms and Conditions
(a) Kickstart Arts Inc. runs affordable, fun Creative Workshops in anything and everything, within reason. We provide Participants the opportunity to learn new skills or knowledge in short and interactive introductory Sessions. We also offer professionals, and hobbyists alike, the opportunity to share their skills by passing on their knowledge to willing Participants as Facilitators.
(b) Any person or Participant who decides to use our Website and/or register and/or book for a Sessions must agree to and comply with the following Terms and Conditions. This Agreement applies to both the use of this Website and the booking and/or attendance of our Sessions.
(c) These Terms and Conditions are in addition to any agreements, contracts or other documents that a Facilitator or Participant may enter into in connection with a Session. Facilitator of our Sessions. If there is anything within these Terms and Conditions that you would like to talk about, please feel free to contact us.
Website Terms & Facilitator Creative Workshops. Facilitators or Venues, and any intellectual property belonging to or associated with Kickstart Arts Inc. including any Website content, logo, text, documentation and graphics are the sole property of Kickstart Arts Inc. or our Facilitators, Conditions Kickstart Arts Inc., we do not warrant and cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us, and this is transmitted at your own risk. Nevertheless, once we receive your transmission, we will take reasonable steps to preserve the security of the information received.
10. Accuracy of Information
(a).
Session Terms & Conditions
12. Age Limit
(a) For Sessions specifically targeting children, please read the Session description for the age limit of that particular Session.
(b) For Sessions aimed at adults, some of them will attract children. We ask that children aged 18 years and under be supervised by an accompanying adult. If you would like your child to attend a Session unsupervised, this may be possible depending on the Session content. You can contact us to find out whether this will be possible.
(c) If you have purchased a ticket for any Participant under the legal adult age limit, you must make sure the Session does not involve any activities limited only to those over that limit by law (for example, Wine Tasting Sessions). If you are unsure what the Session involves, contact us via email at the time of booking.
13. Class Attendance and Conduct
(a) Participants and Facilitators are what make up the Creative Workshops community. As a willing Participant and member of our community, you agree to follow these standard guidelines when attending a Session:
(i) Ensure you arrive on time: the Facilitators are often on a tight schedule, and by arriving late you disrupt the other Participants and the Session.
(ii) Be respectful to the Facilitator, Kickstart Arts staff, and other Participants: everyone attending the Session is there to learn and have a good time. Treat others with respect and if an issue does arise, co-operation and courtesy will be the best ways to resolve it.
(iii) Have reasonable expectations: We agree to provide you with the Session you have purchased as described on our Website. Please do not expect more than what is advertised – however if you do feel the Session was not what you expected then please contact us via email for a possible solution.
(iv) Provide feedback where possible: we want to do the very best we can within reason, so please feel free to provide us with positive or negative feedback after the Session, either in person or in writing. If you are submitting a formal complaint, please do so in writing via email and we will do) Act responsibly: you agree to comply with all health and safety, licensing, and other rules and regulations, to ensure a safe Session for all. You also agree to follow all policies and procedures as outlined on our Website.
(b) For everyone’s sake, we reserve the right to refuse any Participant admission, or ask any Participant to leave if they behave in a way that violates these Terms and Conditions; that is, being disruptive or acting in a way that is likely to cause damage, nuisance, offence or injury. In the event of this occurring, we will not issue any refund to the offending party.
14. Cancellations & Refunds
(a) Session Cancellation:
(i) In the rare event we have to cancel a Session, we will endeavour to give Participants as much notice as possible. We will contact all Participants via the email address they provided when tickets were purchased, and offer a refund or a credit.
(ii) Should the Session be rescheduled, all registered Participants will automatically be eligible to transfer their ticket over to the rescheduled Session, and will be contacted by email. If a Participant does not respond, then we reserve the right to refund the ticket and give the ticket to another Participant.
(iii) If the timing of a rescheduled Session does not suit, we will provide a full refund on the ticket. The same principle applies to any Session requiring a late change of time or location (‘late’ in this instance, is defined as 48 hours or less, before the Session was originally schedule to begin) – we will notify all participants and provide refunds where participants are unable to commit to the rescheduled Session.
(b) Refunds:
(i) We understand that sometimes life just gets in the way. If you are unable to attend a Session for whatever reason, we offer a full refund if you notify us 7 days prior to the Session. If we receive your cancellation with 6 days notice or less, we will not be able to provide you with a refund, except for exceptional circumstances judged at our discretion. Tickets are not able to be transferred to a different Session within the 7 day cancellation period.
(ii) Refunds will not be given to Participants who are a ‘no-show’ (meaning Participants who have paid, have not cancelled, and do not show up at the scheduled Session time and location). However, you are welcome to change the ticket holder’s name for that date and time only to someone else who can come along, provided you notify us via email at least one hour before the Session is scheduled to begin, and include the details of the class and the name(s) of the new ticket holders.
15. Risk & Judgement
(a) We have no control over who attends our Sessions, and their actions and/or behaviour during the Session.
(b) You must exercise your own caution and good judgement when attending a Session. Although we don’t expect for anything dangerous to happen during a Session, you must be aware that by participating, there is the possibility you may be exposed to some risks and hazards.
(c) As we have no involvement with the control of the Session, you agree to release us from any claims, losses, damages or liabilities of any kind that may arise, either directly or indirectly, in connection with the Session.
(d) Furthermore, you must understand the content of the Session is given directly by the Facilitators. We do not endorse and will not be liable for any wrong or misleading information provided by the Facilitator to Participants of the Session.
16. Disclaimer of Warranties
(a) Kickstart Arts Inc. will offer to provide Participants with a range of unique, exciting, fun and interesting Sessions. However, the Facilitator is solely responsible for the presentation and the content of their Session. Although we hope the Session is to your satisfaction, we make no warranty that the Session that you attend will meet your expectations, satisfy any legal or curriculum requirements for accreditations or licences nor that the content will be free of error or defects.
(b) We do not warrant or represent that your use of materials which you may receive from our Sessions will not infringe the right of third parties.
17. Limitation of Liability
(a) Our total aggregate liability in contract, tort (including negligence or breach of statutory duty), misrepresentation, restitution or otherwise arising in connection with this Agreement, shall be limited to the total amount received by us from you in connection with the Session or Sessions giving rise to such liability.
(b) You attend and participate in Sessions at your own risk. We accept no responsibility for any of the following:
(i) Costs or expenses whatsoever or howsoever arising out of or in connection with any Session or other event;
(ii) Loss or damage to personal property;
(iii) Personal injury in respect to any dietary, health or other special requirement of which we were not informed at the time of booking.
18. Photography and Video Consent
(a) We love to share what happens during Creative Workshops, so we will film, photograph or otherwise record our Sessions. Creative Workshops or any business or group associated with the Facilitator of the Session you attend, then please advise us, in writing, at the time of booking. If you have any issues with the way content is used after the Session, please advise us via email and we will work on a mutually agreed solution.
19. Governing law
This Agreement (and any further rules, policies, or guidelines incorporated by reference) shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Australia (or any other jurisdiction from which you are accessing our Website), without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
20. Creative Workshops page here.
By doing so, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and accept the above Terms and Conditions.
We’d like to thank you for reading, and if you have any questions then please feel free to contact us..
Your privacy is very important to us, and we’d like to assure you that we are committed to protecting your privacy. We have developed this policy to explain how we collect, use, communicate and disclose, and make use of any personal information. Our privacy policy is as follows:
(a) We may collect Website visitors’ contact information (such as, but not limited to, email addresses and photos taken during classes). Unless you object, this information may be used:
(i) To send news, information about your Session, our activities and general promotional material which we believe may be useful to you;
(ii) To monitor who is accessing the Website or using services offered on the Website and to profile the type of people accessing the Website.
(b) If you provide us with any personal data relating to a third party (eg information of your spouse, friends) by sharing that with us, you have displayed that you have obtained consent from the third party to do so.
(c) We will only share your details within our organisation and among our employees and appointed representatives such as the Facilitator where necessary.
(d) If we reasonably believe that we are required by law to disclose your personal information to a third party, whether in compliance with any applicable law or regulation or by court order or in connection with legal proceedings, we may do so.
(e) We will hold your personal information for as long as we need to in order to comply with our legal obligations.
(f) We will endeavour to ensure that the information you provide us with is kept private and confidential, and we will only use it to provide the services you request. We will do our best to protect your personal data using appropriate technical and organisational steps, and will store it on our database within a secure network. However, we cannot absolutely guarantee the security of your personal data.
(g) We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
(h) This Website uses cookies, which enables us to monitor traffic in an effort to serve you more efficiently if you return to our Website. A cookie does not monitor you personally, but it does identify your computer. You can choose not to accept cookies, but this may prevent the website from functioning properly.
(i) By using our Website, you confirm that you accept this privacy policy and consent to our using your personal data as set out in this privacy policy.
(j) We reserve the right to change this policy at any time. However, we will not change the way we use your personal information without telling you in advance and giving you the chance to opt out of or prevent the new use of your information.
(k) If you have any questions about this privacy policy, or if you wish to make an inquiry regarding any personal information relating to you, which may be in our possession, you can contact us via email at reception@kickstart.org.au
Return to the Creative Workshops page here.
By doing so, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and accept the above Privacy Policy.
We’d like to thank you for reading, and if you have any questions then please feel free to contact us..SSUN2-35
Chapter 35
Second floor - palace arrangement represents spiritual progress
35,1. See, it is only a case of preliminary exercise, and one then climbs with the same ease to a higher sphere, into an even higher one than one has previously ascended from a lower sphere into a following, higher one.
35,2. You say, of course, that it is not entirely the same on the earth; for the higher you go there, the heavier your feet become, and so every next step needs a little more effort than the previous one. That's right; but you must bear in mind that, if you want to ascend naturally, and you follow through all in one go, and do not make relative resting-places between one and the other points, then you must necessarily be fatigued. If, however, you divide a height that is to be ascended between appropriate relative resting places, where you cannot become tired from one to the other, you will be able, after an appropriate rest, to mount every succeeding section with equal force and without fatigue.
35,3. But that this is correct, you can easily see from your daily life. You often go back and forth here and do not get tired. Why not? If you would count your steps which you walk every day, it will be so much that you will be able to cover a distance of ten hours in a straight line. But if you make a journey of ten hours, you will fall over with fatigue.
35,4. See, therefore, my acceptance and explanation is correct; if any en route and in the ascent do not want to become weary on the way, he shall make provisions for a proper rest, and he shall have the same strength in his feet at the end of a journey of ten hours, than when he took the first step; and with the continued journey he will only get stronger rather than tired.
35,5. The same is true for the spiritual progress, as well as for what is half-spiritual and half-material. For example, if someone who want to become a virtuoso on some musical instrument; what will become of him if he does not put his instrument out of his hand all day long, and for about half the night, and rest only a few hours? I tell you, he will not endure such a routine for eight days. Why not? Because every movement of both the body and the spirit requires a much greater effort of life than the state of rest.
35,6. The exertion of the vital forces, however, consumes it, by which they must not be strengthened, but must naturally only be weakened. Man is, however, arranged to replace his consumed forces in the state of rest by the constant influx of the Lord from the heavens. And if the vital powers are as such consumed by frequent use, the vessels for the further absorption of the vital force are continually expanded and strengthened, whereby the strength and power of the human being who lives such a gradual and moderate lifestyle, must necessarily increase; because, as a vessel, it can always absorb more and more vital power in this way.
35,7. Thus a wanderer becomes more powerful every day by the proper use of the power of his feet. The musician who purposefully exercises on a musical instrument will become increasingly efficient, and he who wants spiritual progress, will also become increasingly capable in stages, without the insane fatigue of the spirit who strives to rise to the greatest heights and depths of wisdom.
35,8. If, however, someone would want to achieve from now till tomorrow what should have been achieved with success through an orderly progress over the course of several years, he would become a fool; for he will consume his spiritual vitality over the measure of orderly influx, and then his spirit will become weak and impotent.
35,9. The hungry vessels for life force will then begin to absorb, like a polyp, everything that falls to them, ordure and gold, light and darkness; so everything is mixed up. But these dissimilar substances will then begin to ferment in the vessels, the spirit of such fermentation will soon tear the weak vessels, and the condition will ensue where you would say, "He's running on a hamster wheel", will be true.
35,10. From this, however, you will, in my opinion, already be able to clearly see that any effective progress or ascent must be divided into proper resting pauses; and one will then be able to reach every good goal with the greatest ease in the world.
35,11. Whoever has a large barrel of new grape must and pours it continually from one vat to the other, in order to clarify and strengthen it, will surely find himself greatly disappointed in a hundred times over. In this way, the must is certainly not going to become clear and strong, but since a little must is left behind in every vat, it will in the end lose most of it. If, however, he leaves the must in the vat in proper peace, it will be active, work out all the uncleanliness by itself, thereby continually clarifying itself more and more, and thereby become increasingly saturated with the spiritual power.
35,12. Once he has attained the first stage of clarity, it will be right to pour it over into another clean barrel, since very little marc will lie in the bottom which weakens the spiritual power of the wine; but it will now deal with itself on a purer basis; that is, with his own strength, and will increasingly strengthen himself by his own power.
35,13. This is precisely the case with man; from stage to stage it must rise and from floor to floor. He raises higher and higher in the sphere of his life and all the knowledge of it. And so we have now reached our second floor without the slightest fatigue, and now, in these splendid, quite broad galleries, and as you may say, spread ourselves and consider all these great glories.
35,14. Concerning the construction, it is exactly the same as that of the first two galleries we have already seen and entered, but the mighty pillar-circle of pillars which supports the next floor, is placed somewhat deeper in than that of the preceding galleries.
35,15. The difference between this and the preceding gallery lies firstly in the entirely different coloring of the building material, and especially in the fact that in the middle of these pillar-circle is, instead of an altar, a kind of large garden vase of the most magnificent ornamental work, in which a natural small tree grows.
35,16. You will think, for example, that the roots of this tree will eventually crack the vase. There is no need to worry. The wisdom of these people has already provided for it; for when the sapling becomes stronger and stronger in the course of time, then it will be carefully removed, and placed in a big, strong pot, which we shall find on the next floor. Then, a fresh seed is placed in the vase of this storey, from which a new similar noble tree grows.
35,17. Does this horticultural operation have any spiritual reason? Indeed, my dear friends and brothers! On the first floor we saw only one altar in the middle. The first, so to say, was merely a literal knowledge of God; that is, a seed-kernel, which must first be put into the ground, in order to grow from it into a tree, under whose branches the birds of the heaven can dwell.
35,18. And see, here is the seed-kernel, which was put in the earth on the first floor, and already became a little tree. It signifies the state of man, as soon as he becomes a moral being, as soon as he has received knowledge from God, and is already suitable for the bearing of fruit in the future, to host the dwelling of the birds of heaven. And so you will also find everything else in this second floor.
35,19. The floor of the gallery looks like an incandescent ore, the pillars are reddish-green, the floor of the pillar-circle on which the vase stands, is white as a sun. The vase itself is formed from a piece of ruby, and rests on a three-legged frame made of flaming gold, and the ground in the vase looks like emerald velvet. The staircase around the pillars is made of a light blue material and decorated with green, strongly shimmering foliage. The wall of the main building is red, the gates to the interior are of emerald; the central pillar on which the two wings hang, is of transparent gold, and the ceiling of this gallery, together with its splendid ornamentation, is lighter and brighter than sunlight through a light-green glass.
35,20. Now, however, we are going to a doorway and want to take a look through the transparent material. We are here; so look inside! What do you see? You are sinking back in complete helplessness, what have shaken you so much? I already know that there are much more beautiful human beings on this floor.
35,21. Yes, I tell you, the visual beauty of these people is so great that on your earth you would not be able to look at such a beauty without suddenly losing your life. I tell you even more: the splendor of this beauty would literally even completely dissolve your whole earth in a few moments. Therefore, we again leave this gallery also and go to the third floor, or to the fourth gallery.The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have raced each other in dragon boats on their tour of Canada.
Wills and Kate took to the water as part of their tour, and the competition was tough!
The royal couple had to steer their teams of 20 rowers from the back of the boat.
But they both ended up helping out with the paddling along the 60m course.
William managed to win, crossing the finish line line first, only a third of a boat's length ahead of Kate's!
'There's no chivalry in sport,' he said as he collected his prize of a bottle of champagne.
It was an action-packed day for William who also showed off his pilot skills with his first water landing.
The RAF rescue airman put on a flight suit and co-piloted a demonstration in a Sea King helicopter.
Monday was the fifth day of the newlyweds' nine-day trip to Canada, part of their first official overseas trip since their 29 April wedding.
They leave for a three-day trip to California on 8 July.
Try our William and Kate quiz!The exhibition “The World According to Roger Ballen” is accompanied by a guide featuring some of Ballen’s most famous photographs and a number of images of his photographic installations as well as the gallery space. The text, written by the curator of the exhibition Marija Skočir, was composed in dialogue with the photographer.
He has returned to Ljubljana in 2019 with the exhibition The Theatre of Apparitions at the Galerija Fotografija and at that occasion, he revealed that something transformative had begun to reshape his artistic credo in recent years: namely, the implementation of colour and the dimension of space. Ballen, who had been until then known for his iconic black-and-white square formats, surprised us with the fresh and balanced aesthetic of his colour photographs. More than ever before, these new photographs engaged the lucid stage sets of his photographic installations, which had begun to acquire a life of their own, striving to enter the exhibition space itself. Roger's new work thus posed new conceptual questions, and the Jakopič Gallery responded with its enigmatic and athmospheric exhibition space, presenting the exhibition The World According to Roger Ballen.
Text: Marija Skočir and Roger Ballen
Size: 24.5 x 24.5 cm, 72 pages
Binding: soft
Publisher: Museum and Galleries of Ljubljana, Jakopič Gallery, 2021- Are you looking for original and cute high quality clip art images to use in your projects? You’ve come to the right place!!
You can use them for starbucks cold cup!!!
-.
Buy More Save More!
It’s time to give thanks for all the little things.
- 10% OFF 3 items get 10% OFF on cart total
- 13% OFF 4 items get 13% OFF on cart total
- 15% OFF 5 items get 15% OFF on cart total
Christmas Gift Starbucks Cup Wrap SVG, Christmas Theme SVG
Frequently Bought Together:
Total Price: $8.97
You saved $0.00Add All To Cart
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.HIV-positive man jailed for sex with girl
An Auckland company representative who had exploitive sex with a young teenage girl during his business trips to Hawke’s Bay has been sentenced to six and a half years’ jail.
NX, who turned 45 on Tuesday, was appearing for sentence in the High Court in Napier on three charges of having unlawful sexual connection with the girl when she was 13 and 14, eight charges of unlawful sexual intercourse and one of criminal nuisance relating to having unprotected sex with the girl after he was diagnosed HIV-positive.
He had admitted having sex with the girl, but in a trial in which he successfully pleaded not guilty to charges of rape and sexual violation, he claimed she consented.
His acquittal on the rape charge came despite the fact that the girl’s mother had previously been jailed for eight years after admitting violations of the girl, including aiding and abetting rape by X.
Justice Simon France, unable to find comparable cases as a guide to sentencing, regarded the offences as the most serious he had encountered of their type, where sexual violation was not among the charges, and the multiple impacts on the girl, already a victim of previous sexual abuse, were exacerbated by the trauma of waiting for results of tests forced by X’s health status.
The tests had revealed she was not infected, but the Judge considered that did not detract from the seriousness of X’s “risk-taking.”
During the sentencing, it was revealed X continued having sex with the girl after learning she was a victim of serious sexual abuse, for which her own father and another man in his late 60s had both been sent to jail – the latter for 13 years after also being convicted of offences involving other young girls.
In a trial last month, X said he met the girl’s mother and they began a sexual relationship based on his trips to Hawke’s Bay.
The girl and X exchanged text messages of a sexual nature before they had even met, and on the night they first met he fondled her as they sat in a movie theatre with her mother, and later had sex in a motel.
The girl told a jury she didn’t consent to any of that activity, or that which followed on X’s subsequent trips to Hawke’s Bay in his job as marketing manager for an Auckland packaging company.
Evidence was given also that X supplied her with alcohol, cannabis and a sexual stimulant, although he was found not guilty on charges of stupefying the girl.PARK AND PALACE
New high profile residential project in the heart of Madrid.
Strunor has been awarded the contract for the execution of the glazing package of the Park and Palace project located in 15 Irun St., in Madrid. Park and palace is an exclusive residential development located in a privileged area of Madrid, neighbouring at the North with the Park of the West and the Temple of Debod and at the South with the Royal Palace of Madrid.
The build of the luxury development, designed by Olalquiaga Arquitectos, will be managed by a joint venture between main contractors San José Group and Fatecsa. Strunor’s scope of work will consist on the design, manufacture and assembly of more than 450 windows, comprising many different typologies, as well as their associated solar protection via venetian blinds and slats.MP-C65RT Center Channel Speaker with Ribbon Tweeter
- Product SKU: 135125
- Category: Audio Bestsellers Fixed Speakers Gift Ideas
-.
- Service & Support : Contact our technical support team for questions about our products, troubleshooting, or even suggestions for products to fit your particular needs
The MP-C65RT offers fantastic audio performance at a reasonable price! This center channel speaker features a ribbon tweeter that offers an extended, airy, and fast high frequency response, along with two 4.5" (11.4 cm) woofers for enhanced bass response and increased dialog clarity. The compact, aesthetically pleasing cabinet blends into almost any room's decor, making it a perfect part of your home theater system.
.The legendary sumo wrestlers have arrived at our online shop, so you can learn everything there is to know about this style of fighting. With these sumo costumes you can turn up at any costume party and surprise all your friends. Sumo is an art and practically a religion in Japan, with a long tradition behind it. It’s a style of fighting in which two fighters, called rikishi, fight inside a small circle. The objective is to push your rival outside the circle and onto the floor. They are only dressed in shorts, called mawashi, with nothing else on. In our varied collection you’ll find huge sumo costumes, so you can look just like the enormous fighters in this Japanese sport. There are super muscular fighters with abs, biceps, and every other muscle you can imagine. There are also fun inflatable costumes for adults and kids, which look like a sumo wrestler is carrying you on their shoulders, or in their arms. Everyone will die laughing! Get ready to fight at your next party with these sumo costumes, you’ll look just like one of these strong and enormous fighters that are so highly regarded in their country. So fight to have a good time and wear the best costume of the whole party!
49,99 € BeforeButterfly Footmuff, Girl Footmuff, Buggy Cover, Buggy Liner, Couture Footmuff, Pushchair Cover, Buggy Footmuff, Purple Footmuff, Pram Liner, Pushchair Liner, Pushchair Footmuff, Pram Cover, Baby Shower Gift The new Savanna couture range by made with mummy love.
Fantastic thick corduroy front and back with cute soft fabric in 4 cute patterns on the inside - pink elephants, blue stars, fleecy butterfly & super Heros. Complete with complementing matching colour fleece on the inside and wadded with thick 9oz wadding. Our footmuffs also turn in to a liner for the warmer months with the front zipping fully off..
All fabrics are subject to availability and are at times changed by the manufacturer meaning the design may vary. Should the fabric you choose not be available then you will be contacted with a suitable option.New from Thomas Nelson: A Hobbit, a Wardrobe, and a Great War: How J.R.R. Tolkien and C.S. Lewis Rediscovered Faith, Friendship, and Heroism in the Cataclysm of 1914-18 by Joseph Loconte.
About the book, from the publisher:
The untold story of how the First World War shaped the lives, faith, and writings of J. R. R. Tolkien and C. S. Lewis--Marshal Zeringue.Pre-owned RVS
Fifth wheel Forest River Sabre 27BHDS$
For more informations, contacted one of our sale consultant
2017 8800 lbs 7 27 ft.
General information
Stock Nb.: C540-21
Year: 2017
Bedding: 7 persons
Number of extension: 2
All vehicle specifications and photos are provided solely for information purposes and are subject to change without notice.Information request
Online funding requestThis is the point in the season where the Browns have to find the difference between panicking and convincing themselves with a tweak here and an adjustment there the next three months will be smooth sailing.
Baker Mayfield lost two fumbles and threw an interception Oct. 17. The defense gave up four passing touchdowns for the second straight week.
The result was a sound 37-14 thrashing delivered by the Arizona Cardinals, who left FirstEnergy Stadium 6-0. The Browns are 3-3. They trail the Ravens by two games and the Bengals by a game in the AFC North. The 2-3 Steelers hosted Seattle in the Oct. 17 night game.
Baker Mayfield won’t hide from his three turnovers. #Browns pic.twitter.com/MqkLsogDFV
— Jeff Schudel (@jsproinsider) October 17, 2021
The Browns need fixing on both sides of the ball. They need a miracle worker on their medical staff.
Mayfield showed up at his post-game news conference with his left arm in a sling and a grim look on his face.
“It feels like (expletive),” Mayfield said. “It (his shoulder) dislocated again and slipped out again in a non-contact play. So, I just have to figure out a way to get better.”
Mayfield vowed he will play Oct. 21 when the Browns host the Broncos in a Thursday night nationally televised game. Kareem Hunt, as tough as they come, might not get the chance to bounce back quickly no matter how determined he is.
What gives? Denzel Ward tries to answer why the #Browns gave up four touchdown passes last week and four more today. pic.twitter.com/Z9YxxKotqb
— Jeff Schudel (@jsproinsider) October 17, 2021
Hunt had to be helped to the sideline with a right calf injury late in the game. He could put no weight on the injured leg and was carted to the locker room. Coach Kevin Stefanski said it is not an Achilles injury, but an MRI is required to learn its severity. Hunt and Mayfield will undergo tests on Oct. 18.
Linebacker Jeremiah Owusu-Koramoah has a right ankle injury. That’s on top of the calf injury that forced Nick Chubb to the inactive list.
Pass defense and poor execution on fourth down at the top of Kevin Stefanski’s fix it list after 37-24 loss to #Cardinals. #Browns pic.twitter.com/jlEaDKmksN
— Jeff Schudel (@jsproinsider) October 17, 2021
The Browns’ continued failure to convert on fourth down was costly again. They were 0-for-2 on Oct. 17 and are now 6 of 15 on the season. They were 8 of 24 on fourth down last year. The fourth down failures are magnified when they lose as they did to Arizona.
Arizona won the toss and deferred. The Cardinals forced a 3-and-out and scored on their first possession, converting three third-down plays on the way. The last was a 21-yard touchdown pass from Kyler Murray Christian Kirk on third-and-19.
The Browns drove downfield the second time they had the ball and faced fourth-and-3 on the Arizona 13. Stefanski decided to go for it. With starting tackles Jedrick Wills (ankle) and Jack Conklin (knee) inactive, Mayfield was sacked for nine yards.
Stefanski would never admit it, but I suspect he passed on the field goal because he has lost faith the defense can stop anybody — especially a quarterback as good as Murray.
The Browns went for it and failed on fourth down again, when, down 30-14 with 12:10 left in the fourth quarter, a pass to Odell Beckham Jr. was dropped.
“We have not been good on fourth down,” Stefanski said. “It’s frustrating. It’s another one we have to fix.”
Murray was 20 of 30 for 229 yards. The Browns have given up 14 touchdown passes. They have two interceptions.
Opposing quarterbacks have a 102.5 passer rating facing the Browns defense. Conversely, Mayfield has a 97.8 passer rating with six touchdown passes and three interceptions.
“Rush and coverage have to work together,” defensive end Myles Garrett said. “When we’re rushing well, the coverage is not there. When we’re covering well, our rushing isn’t good enough.
“We have to be on point at all times. It takes a little better communication — not only on game day, but throughout the week.”
This is not where the Browns thought they’d be six games into the season. They host the Steelers on Halloween after facing the Broncos and then play in Cincinnati against the 4-2 Bengals.
“Have we played to our potential? Absolutely not,” Mayfield said. “From a leadership standpoint, we expect to be better, plain and simple.
“We have 11 more games to show who we are and play for each other and get better. Nobody makes the playoffs right now. We will handle this correctly. We will do that. I know that because of the guys we have in the locker room. We will get better. It’s just a fact.”
It is mid-October and still early in the NFL season, but it won’t stay early for long.MarMay 30 2021Small Portable Rock Crushers Australia Mini Mobile Ore Crushing Plant portable mini rock crushers australia in How Much Crusher[www howmuchcrusher com] fintec crusher aggregate equipment for sale at machinerytrader com fintec 1080 portable mini rock crushers australiaPortable mini crushing and screening hearing aid co in portable mini crushing and screening Protable Plant Random Read mobile rock crusher for sale in america list of wheel mounted crushing screening plant inMay 31 2021 Mobile Mini Rock Crushers Recycle Material Onsite Mobile crushing station Mobile crushers Portable crusher
Mobile Crusher Providing you the best range of dew20xmc mobile crusher mini portable stone crushers 10tph mobile crusher dew5xmc mobile crusher mini mobile crusher and mobile roller crushers with effective timely deliveryGood Price diesel engine Portable mini mobile crusher for sale with good quality Zhengzhou General Mining Machinery US $1300 $1400 Set 1 Set (Min Order) Contact Supplier Transaction Level Mainly used to crusher all kinds of mining stones primarily and the largest compression resistance of the material is 320MPaPortJaw2020Browsed byCategory Mini crusher Henan Dewo machine is a comprehensive enterprise which integrates researching manufacturing market developing and service for mining crushing equipment Can provides complete set of crushing and screening line Mini diesel jaw crusherDarMOBILEMarMarPortableCharmeuse Silk Flat Sheet
Our silk charmeuse flat sheet is created from the finest 22 momme mulberry silk which contains 18 amino acids that nurture your skin. It softly surrounds you for a better night sleep. This luxurious sheet gives your bed a superb look of elegance. Naturally Hypoallergenic.
- FULL/QUEEN 96x114"
- KING 114x114"Introducing Jigsaw Cloud
Jigsaw Security Cloud Hosting
Cloud Based Threat Intel
No longer do you need to buy a costly solution to research threat intelligence. Using the Jigsaw Cloud product allows your team to do research with Jigsaw Threat Intelligence to help you determine if an action is a real risk to your enterprise. Use our threat intelligence, honeypot data, customer reports, MISP data as well as authorized commercial feeds to protect your end users.
Automated Log Matching to Threat Intelligence
Leverage the Jigsaw Cloud Platform to analyze your logs and determine what is happening in your network. Upload your files in a secure analysis zone where they are analyzed and discarded and receive a report of all the threats identified in your log data. The Jigsaw Matchstick Analytic is our cloud based matching utility that looks for threats in your data and then reports to your own customized dashboard or responds via email.
DNS Detection Module
Forward your DNS logs and our DNS detection module will identify known and unknown malware using 14 different techniques.
Jigsaw Cloud is a new way of monitoring networks without the expense or need to deploy a cloud in your environment. Save time and money and get real results today! Call 800-447-2150 for details.White Hag launches new beer online only
When the beers are delivered to awaiting customers on today and tomorrow the brewery will livestream an online tasting hosted by Master Brewer Joe Kearns for the benefit of those who purchased the beers online.
White Hag has responded to the quickly-changing hospitality landscape by launching a brand new beer exclusively online, including pre-sales, orders, delivery and guided tasting by the master brewer.
The beer, a Hazy IPA titled ‘Phantom’, was brewed in mid-February to launch just after the brewery’s Europewide St Patricks Day tour.
However this tour of over 80 bars was cancelled due to the Coronavirus outbreak.
With no bars open to host the beer launch the brewery team are determined to get the beer to Irish and international beer fans and so is using a combination of facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Eventbrite to bring the beer to its fanbase.
The beer, carbonated on Wednesday 18th March, was canned live on camera on Thursday 19th. Cans were filmed being filled, packed into boxes and shipped to waiting customers. Sales are via pre-order on The White Hag’s own website and via other off-licence retailers around the country who also sell beer online.
When the beers are delivered to awaiting customers on today and tomorrow the brewery will livestream an online tasting hosted by Master Brewer Joe Kearns for the benefit of those who purchased the beers online.
“These are extraordinary times and we have to adapt and change how we do business to ensure we keep our business and brand alive,” said Commercial Director Bob Coggins, “We believe this to be the first time any brewery has had to resort to these measures to launch a beer.
“We’re lucky to have a loyal and supportive fanbase who also support the independent retailers who stock our beer online and around the country.
“Our sales online is necessary to serve the customers who we otherwise cannot reach with our limited traditional retail reach.
“This type of innovation will hopefully save jobs and ultimately our business and we need to act quickly to influence our customers buying behaviour.”
The White Hag sells boxes of 24 x 330ml cans from its website for €60 with free postage and packaging, next day delivery.
Launched in 2014 the craft brewery produced 4,800 hectolitres of beer in 2019. Based in Ballymote, Co Sligo, it has been awarded Irish Craft Brewery of the Year, Best New Brewery and several ‘best beer’ awards and it distributes in over eight international markets.Dinesh1984Member
Posts2
Joined
Last visited
Reputation0 Neutral
Recent Profile Visitors
The recent visitors block is disabled and is not being shown to other users.
Unable to decrypt .kolz files
Dinesh1984 posted a topic in Help, my files are encrypted!File: E:\fic code\nse\KHATTA\: No key for New Variant online ID: V1iPzoMSToSXtn0mE2hLWMNwrupSGBxwFVeefTLcNotice: this ID appears to be an online ID, decryption is impossible 8220_flower-clipart.png.kolziPaky Transparent Case for Samsung
Sale!
iPaky Transparent Case for Samsung
KSh499-75%
- This case perfectly fits your phone with precision cutouts for all buttons and ports. While featuring raised bezel to lift screen and camera off flat surface.
- Slim lightweight case provides advanced shock-absorption protection against drops, bumps, scratches, nicks, and shock
- Made of silicone bumper & hard transparent acrylic.
- All phone features, buttons, and sensitivity are accessible and easily operated with the case installed
- Buy 1 Get Another 1 For FREE
- Select your phone model, add to cart and checkout and we will deliver two cases.
Elijah Matoke –
Interms of camera touch internal storage should be of good qualityFashion Jewellery CleanP50447
Fashion Jewellery Clean - A versatile bath that cleans and renews the shine of fashion jewelry: zirconium, crystal and glass.

- Restores the lustre
- The microfibre cloth renews the sparkle in between
Instructions for use:
- Immerse jewellery into the dip-basket, swirl for 2 min
- Rinse with warm water.
- Dry with a soft cloth.
- Then, for perfect results, make shine with Hagerty Fashion Jewelry Cloth.
Contents : 175ml
£2.90
170MLWWE Smackdown: Sir Kofi Kingston Injury Updates- The right hand of King Woods, Sir Kofi Kingston has been diagnosed with an MCL sprain in his knee after suffering a vicious assault from The Usos and Roman Reigns last week.
With this injury, Kofi might miss quite a few weeks on Friday Night Smackdown, and him joining King Woods corner this Friday for the showdown against Roman Reigns also looks in jeopardy. The news of Kofi’s injury was revealed on WWE’s official Twitter handle.
Also Read: WWE Smackdown: Roman Reigns to headline Smackdown next week
Will Sir @TrueKofi be able to join #KingWoods' corner for the showdown against @WWERomanReigns this Friday on #SmackDown? @AustinCreedWins pic.twitter.com/VXFQ8xtFrW
— WWE (@WWE) November 11, 2021
WWE Smackdown: How did Sir Kofi Kingston get injured?
In the main event of Friday Night Smackdown last week, King Woods defeated Jimmy Uso in a one-on-one bout. According to the stipulation of the match, Jimmy had to bend his knee before King Woods to show his respect towards the King.
Just when Jimmy was about to bend his knee, Roman Reigns came into the ring out of nowhere and hit the King with a Superman punch. He then aligned himself with his Bloodline brothers and started annihilating Kofi and Woods mercilessly.
WWE Smackdown: Sir Kofi Kingston gets injured, check if he would appear next week on Smackdown
☝🏽
— The Usos (@WWEUsos) November 10, 2021
During the beatdown, Kofi was targeted on the back of his left knee by Jimmy Uso, who then went up on the top turnbuckle to take the aerial route and splash on Sir Kofi Kingston, leaving him screaming in agony and pain.
Also Read: WWE Smackdown: Stipulation added to Roman Reigns vs. King Woods’ match for next week
WWE Smackdown: King Woods vs. Roman Reigns announced for this week
King Woods and Roman Reigns will face each other in the main event of this week’s Smackdown. The match has a very interesting stipulation, i.e., whoever wins will get the authority to say that they run this place and are the face of Friday Night Smackdown. With Sir Kofi Kingston injured, he may not be present there in the corner of King Woods for this all-important bout on Friday.Ensnared
Hosted by Sam Wolff LIVE every Saturday at 6:00pm
Ensnared is a weekly music show that highlights different flavors of the drum instruments in music, whether produced, sampled, or played live. Circulating sounds from underground hiphop, lo-fi, soul, funk, r&b, jazz, indie rock, house, and more, we will present the drums in the music you hear in a whole new light. In depth exploration of artists and their influences will expose listeners to new knowledge and how vital drums are. In turn their appreciation for the instrument will grow. Every show will be filled with discovery, empowering listeners to appreciate the backbone of the band in the music they'll hear.- This event has passed.
[rtec-registration-form event=10712]
A critical part of the IT professional’s job is to maintain high availability of mission-critical business services. This is especially important for unplanned and outside of your control failures which include getting hacked or equipment failure.
In this workshop-type webinar, we will focus on:
– Specific processes for troubleshooting and administering BC On-premise systems
– Specific Backup\Restore procedures
– Adding, disabling and adjusting User security
– How to use the Vox Security and Backup toolsFiji Time: 10:02 PM on Friday 22 May
/ Front page / Sport
Maciu Malo
Monday, February 10, 2014
MORE raw rugby 7s talents were unearthed at the Gaunavou 7s last weekend in Ba with a new champion being crowned after five weeks of the Gaunavou and Lomavata 7s series.
The Western Wardens team have stamped its status in the series to win the fifth tournament beating Kula 20-12 in the cup final and joined past tournament winners Yamacia, Tokatoka Westfield, Western Suburbs and Natabua on winning a tournament each.
Tournament official Joji Tuivaga said the rivalry and battle among players were evident in the outcome of the past five tournaments.
He said new teams and new players had stamped their mark during the series.
He said some players had the material and the talents to be considered for national duties.
"Teams such as Kula from Vatukoula and Lomavata from Ba have upset some of the top teams in 7s rugby," said Tuivaga.
"There are many untapped 7s talents competing in this series and it would be nice for Ben Ryan to watch these unknown boys in action.
"The series has produced some magnificent players that Fiji 7s can rely on in future."
Tuivaga said the series had achieved its objective of identifying hidden talents in Lautoka, Ba, Tavua, Vatukoula and Ra.
"The objective of this series is to expose and identify untapped 7s rugby talents in the rural areas of the Western Division and I am impressed with the amount of talents displayed."
"We have produced some X-factor players who can create something out- of nothing that can be groomed as match winners."
He said another interesting rugby battle was anticipated this weekend for the Lomavata 7s tournament to be held in Lautoka.
Use the free Acrobat Reader to view.I've tried running various Lenovo tools to do this. For example the hardware maintenance diskette. There is also a EFI program that runs directly from a USB EFI partition called the Lenovo Thinkpad Maintenance Utility. I've got this program to load and run but when I put in the values for the S/N in the format:
where Machine Type, Country Code, Serial number etc, I get this error message:
Code: Select all
1SMMMMTTTTCCSSSSSSSS
The program is not writing to the chip or it's trying to write to an incorrect address on the chip. I have even tried the latest ThinkPad utility n1ctm07w.zip from August 2020.
Code: Select all
TpReadEEPROMBlock write access to block#84 is denied status=0xf, rc0*For any updates please click here for our Facebook page. There are delays in getting orders out due to time spent not working due to catching COVID-19. I am slowly catching up thank you for your patience.
Adding product to your cart
Approximately 50cm x 50cm blanket, backed with popcorn fleece. A single name will be embroidered free of charge.
Fleece colour will be selected by myself, but will be appropriate for the fabric.
Fabrics can be selected from the following album:
please take note of the fabric you want from the pictures name and the name embroidered on that picture. State the name you want on your blanket in the given field below.
If you do not see a fabric you like, please message me and I will work with you to find a fabric suitable.
Fabric Choice
Name to embroider(hennemusic) INXS will release a newly-restored edition of their 1991 concert film, "Live Baby Live", on June 26. "Live Baby Live" will be available on digital download, 4K Ultra High Definition Blu-ray, Blu-ray and DVD; the Blu-ray and DVD sets will also include a double CD of the newly remixed soundtrack.
Directed by David Mallet, the project captures the Australian outfit performing live at London's Wembley Stadium before a sold-out crowd of over 72,000 fans.
The 2020 release follows the restored film's successful debut theatrical run in late 2019, playing on over a thousand screens from Sydney to Stockholm and London to Los Angeles.
The home entertainment release features the film presented in widescreen for the first time, and in over 20 times greater resolution (on 4K UHD blu-ray) than the original DVD release.
"Live Baby Live" has been meticulously restored over a twelve-month period from the original 35mm negative to 4K Ultra HD, and during the process a previously thought lost performance of the "X" album track, "Lately", was discovered and reinstated into the film.
To accompany the visual upgrade, the audio is now presented in Dolby Atmos and DTS-HD Master Audio (Blu-ray only), DTS 5.1 Surround and Dolby 5.1 Surround - all created by Giles Martin, the band's Executive Music Director, and Sam Okell at Abbey Road Studios.
The full Wembley soundtrack is available in the blu-ray and DVD bundles, plus "Shining Star", the studio track recorded the day after the show in London which then became the lead single from the original live compilation album in 1991. Read more and watch a preview video here.
hennemusic is an official news provider for antiMusic.com.For many years, Central Asia was accessible only to those willing to subjugate themselves to the Soviet-era tourism authorities. Who was regarding whom? — you might wonder… Things have liberalized considerably now, and the region’s star is rising on the international travel scene. To anyone familiar with the culture, history and scenery of the region, this is not a surprise. This collection of five countries — Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan — is slightly bigger than India, but with the population of the United Kingdom.
In this talk, find out about the romance — and the practicalities — of Central Asian travel, and see how to discover this amazing part of the world for yourself.
Our guide will be Huw Owen, founder of TravelLocal, an online travel agency that specializes in custom, private travel to 65 countries worldwide. Before founding TravelLocal, Huw worked as a consultant on tourism development for the United Nations, in Central Asia, Turkey, Uganda and Egypt.
For details about how to join the meeting, contact St Louis Chapter Coordinator Charles Merkel
at tccstl@yahoo.com, telephone 1-314-644-7797.Josh
A Quote by Schrödinger
Erwin Schrödinger, one of the fathers of modern physics as we know it, was an eminently brilliant man and a clever scientist. The equation that bears his name is the central topic of every undergraduate and early-graduate course in quantum mechanics. You've probably heard a bad retelling of his thought experiment about a cat.
Aside from his physics, Schrödinger had some interesting views on consciousness, the Self, and life after death. I found the following (long) quote provocative and worth sharing: 'someone?. .
You can hear more about this view by listening to the recent Sam Harris podcast about death.Gender: Male
Movement: Quartz
Water Resistant: Yes, 10 BAR
Case: Resin
Strap: Resin
Glass: Mineral crystal glass
Chronograph: Yes
Alarm: Yes
Date: Yes
Color: Black
Measurements in cm (L x W x H): 4,4 x 3,7 x 1,4
- LED light - Second time zone - Stopwatch function - 1/100 sec. - 24 hours - Multi alarm - Snooze feature - Automatic calendar - 12/24-hour timekeeping - Resin case - Resin band - Long Battery Life - Water resistance classification (10 bar) - Accuracy: +/- 30 sec seconds per month - Weight: approx. 37,00.Last summer, I shared a #MondayMotivation post about living for now. While I intended to incorporate more mindfulness into my days--I haven't made much progress. My life is busy. Most days, it's downright chaotic. My daughters are very active in school and extracurricular activities--and have busy social calendars as well. I may not be able to change my schedule much--although I am going to work on reining that in a bit--but, I can certainly change my responses to the madness. I need to do a much better job at living in the moment!I don't know if I can change a lifetime of living for the future--but, I do think I owe it to myself to try.
There will be another 8,000 items on my list tomorrow. I just seem to keep working and working toward some perfect set of conditions which never seems to fall in place.
I seem to avoid living today in order to live someday.
This is the only life I get.
Why am a wishing away the mundane daily moments?
Will tomorrow really be something so much more than today?
What exactly am I waiting for?
If I complete my 8,000 items on my to-do list today....then...What exactly do I think will happen?
I seem to avoid living today in order to live someday.
What if someday is never my today?
Today may be the only future I get.
Enjoy your Monday. Really. Try to enjoy the moments of your Monday. Today.The D-BOX Motion System may be harmful to women who are pregnant, persons with heart conditions, the elderly, and persons with back, head or neck conditions or injuries or those with other pre-existing medical conditions. all such persons should consult their physicians before using the D-BOX Motion System. Use of the D-BOX Motions System is not recommended for children under the age of ten years old without parental supervision. Use of hot liquids in the vicinity of the D-BOX Motion System must be avoided at all times to prevent spillage which could cause serious injuries to the user. D-BOX Technologies Inc. and this movie theatre are in no way responsible for any damages of any kind arising from the use of the D-BOX Motion System and users of the D-BOX Motion System hereby agree not to hold D-BOX Technologies Inc. and CineLux Theatres responsible for any and all damages of any kind arising from use of the D-BOX Motion System including, but not limited to direct or indirect, punitive, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of or in any way connected with the use of the D-BOX Motion System.Tip 7: NEVER rub your eyes, touch your tongue or every other delicate physique part, for a minimum of one hour after dealing with hot peppers. As you noticed above, purines produce uric acid and so they exist in our food in addition to our our bodies. So a sufferer needs to reduce the whole quantity of purines of their system. A basic method to do this is through altering to a low-purine food plan.
Rethink: “Super-dimension” means super trouble. It may look like a good idea at the time to get your “cash’s worth” with larger portions however in the long run it costs more to buy new clothes and pay increased doctor bills because of the weight gain “super-measurement” portions bring. Aï¿½ Check transport policies
Some companies might have their own specialty.
Type the mixture into balls utilizing two teaspoons. They are going to look irregular at this point. Drop the balls onto the white sugar and roll it gently to coat the complete ball. Roll the sugar-coated balls gently utilizing your hands. If you end up glad with the shape, drop the ball right into a paper cup. Repeat the identical process until you finish shaping the remaining combination.
These are some of the the reason why on the earth in the present day it’s difficult to maintain good well being without the usage of pure tremendous food diet and pure medicinal intervention. Take a look into natures pharmacy. Tremendous food nutrient rich vegetation will be discovered within the Amazon rainforest to the Andes mountains, to the Sonoran desert. There are numerous companies creating extremely effective health promoting products from these super food vegetation, fruits, nuts, seeds and other botanicals.
How to Begin a Food Truck Business
With the intention to decide the exact reason for your pet’s itching, allergy checks will be required. Roughly eighty% of allergy diagnoses could be confirmed by allergy testing. There are two primary strategies of allergy testing. The traditional allergy test known as intra-dermal allergy testing and consists of injecting a tiny amount of allergen into the skin. If the physique produces a response to the allergen, the physique is said to be allergic to that substance. A extra recently developed allergy take a look at involves taking a blood sample, and is called IgE allergy testing. The blood is evaluated for the presence of IgE antibodies in opposition to specific food allergens. If it comprises a excessive number of these IgE antibodies, an allergy to that allergen is presumed to exist. Your veterinarian will discuss the most effective sort of testing for your pet’s situation.
You are about to learn a number of essential explanation why it’s possible you’ll need to even contemplate buying Organic Baby Food to your baby. I know if you haven’t executed your homework on this type food, this may sound somewhat crazy. However, after studying this article it should actually make a number of sense to you. So go ahead and seize a pen and paper now.
Conclusion
The belt itself can be made from any variety of materials which are often layered to provide power and durability, however a lot depends upon what the conveyor is used for. • Livestock and dairy associated food stuff have a short lifespan, so corporations that transport the goods serve at a quick pace. It reduces the transport time and prevents the decay and lack of eatables.2021 Toyota Prius Prime Specs, Release Date, Price – Considering that the current Prime remains to be in the marketplace, the latest 2021 Toyota Prius Prime is hardly significantly transformed from this product. Nevertheless, the enthusiasts assume upgraded equipment and several changes within the cabin, whilst the engine might be better, because of modest horses on the existing product, but that is certainly still not confirmed. For our review, we utilized the data identified from the current model, but also some rumors which we keep reading discussion boards and in automobile internet sites. So, take into account that a lot of those situations are not established nevertheless by the manufacturer.
2021 Toyota Prius Prime Review
Exterior
The front finish of 2021 Toyota Prius Best ought not to be much different from the recent design, realizing that this model has only per year of fantastic marketing. So, we assume the same rhomboidal top grille, with thin LEDs included in the hood range. Beneath options are two airflow intakes and fog lights formed in notice C. The sides of your auto use a deeply curved series over the entrance and end doors, ending in the back end fender, having an intriguing little-curved series at the base of this. The rear fender is broad and stops almost on a lawn, with a slender line on the truck entrance since the taillights as well as other signalization.
2021 Toyota Prius Prime Exterior
Interior
The cabin of 2021 Toyota Prius Prime will certainly retain the very same devices and design as being the cabin in the recent design, with the touch of luxury and elegance within the materials used there. The very first effect offers leather in the seats and dash panel in conjunction with the quality textile on to the ground. One of the other items is an 11.6-in. touchscreen display with essential control keys and commands, warmed decorative mirrors, a navigation method, adaptive cruise trip handle, 6-presenter sound system, Wireless Bluetooth, USB/AUX relationship plus more. The cabin is Prime for several grown-up folks, with enough area for knees and shoulder blades.
2021 Toyota Prius Prime Interior
2021 Toyota Prius Prime Engine
The engine in 2021 Toyota Prius Prime should be the just like in the recent Prime, too, of course, if so, that would be 1.8-liter several-tube engine linked with the electric engine. This engine delivers 121 horsepower on the engine, together with the even 54 miles per gallon put together fuel economy, which is probably the greatest phone numbers within this automobile class. All Prius cars have special Top rated Safety Pick engine with normal emergency braking systems.
2021 Toyota Prius Prime Engine
2021 Toyota Prius Prime Release Date And Price
Our company continues to uncertain inside the price and delivering particular date of 2021 Toyota Prius Prime, and so the only information we now have maybe the price of your current product and that might be $27,900 for the bottom version. For anything else, we should wait for the slip on this 12 months.New Delhi: The India Today Group is set to bolster its coverage of business news with a brand new show hosted by Udayan Mukherjee. Mukherjee returns to the newsroom, this time India Today’s, after a long hiatus.
His comeback comes at a time when the world explores new ways of doing business in the post-pandemic economic order.
“Udayan brings with him a sharp insight into the future of business. As we grapple with the normal, new normal and abnormal we need his talent and a much-needed global perspective on helping us cope with the post-pandemic economy,” said Kalli Purie, Vice-Chairperson of the India Today Group. “His grasp of financial markets, innovation-driven businesses, fintechs, and micro- and macro-economic trends will cater to the growing appetite among the young generation of professionals, entrepreneurs, and startups for a clearer understanding of the new order of things. The India Today Group is delighted to have him on board as the host of our new Business Today show.”
The India Today Group would also be leveraging Mukherjee’s considerable experience to enhance its business offerings across print, television, and digital platforms.
“I am delighted to be part of the India Today family. Having always admired the extensive and enormous reach of brands such as India Today, Business Today and TV Today, I am really looking forward to the opportunity of reaching out to their audiences and engaging with them,” said Mukherjee. “The whole world of business has been turned on its head. Business is not going to be the same again after the pandemic. And everybody — from business leaders to policy-makers — has to look at the world through a very different lens. It would be a great opportunity to engage with the business world once again but from a different perspective, through a different lens.”
Mukherjee started his career before the turn of the millennium, just as the Indian television scene was beginning to take off.
As a lead anchor on CNBC and later its Managing Editor, he played a pioneering role in creating the cult of stock markets in particular and business coverage in general in broadcasting.
Mukherjee was honoured with the prestigious Ramnath Goenka Award for Journalist of the Year in 2012, following which he stepped down from his active daily role at the helm of the channel.
Since then, he remained a much-followed commentator on business affairs and a columnist for national newspapers. He even authored three works of fiction.Telangana vet murder: Even death penalty won’t stop such heinous crimes, says minister Babul Supriyo
Many Twitter users chastised the BJP MP and said he was making a case for not giving capital punishment to sexual offenders.
Union minister Babul Supriyo on Sunday said that stringent punishments were not a deterrent for criminals. Supriyo’s comments come in the backdrop of several people demanding the death penalty for four men who raped and murdered a 27-year-old Hyderabad veterinarian.
“I am convinced that no punishment, however stringent it may be, would act as a deterrent to stop such heinous crimes, even if it’s the death penalty, because such cannibals/animals will continue to exist in society with their sick belief that they can get away with it!” Supriyo tweeted.
However, many users chastised the minister and said he was making a case for not giving capital punishment to sexual offenders. Supriyo defended himself by saying that as a lawmaker he cannot say that “these animals” do not deserve a trial.
pic.twitter.com/cHQwMk7oot— Babul Supriyo (@SuPriyoBabul) December 1, 2019
In an earlier tweet, the MP from Asansol had expressed shock over the incident. “Everytime I think of the rape & murder of the lady-vet, I wish I had the powers to burn the four culprits with my eyes” he had said. “I have two young daughters, the elder one is 20 and it’s the same everywhere in the world. Parents remain petrified if the girl is late in returning home at night,”
The incident took place on Wednesday when the woman left home around 5.50 pm to visit a dermatologist in Gachibowli. She parked her two-wheeler near Shamshabad toll plaza and took a shared cab from there around 6.15 pm. On her way home, the woman realised that the rear wheel of her vehicle was punctured. Around 9.15 pm, the four accused – identified as Jollu Shiva, Jollu Naveen, Mohammad Areef and Chintakunta Chennakesavulu – then approached her with offers to help.
According to the remand report accessed by NDTV, three of the accused forced the woman into a bush and raped her. They then smothered her to death, drove the body some distance away and set her on fire around 2.30 am.
Before being attacked, the woman called her sister for help. The family approached the police around 10 pm and were reportedly sent from one police station to another over jurisdictional matters. The police did not search areas where the vet was last seen, alleged her sister. Instead, they reportedly asked if the woman had a boyfriend and was in regular touch with men, and sought to know her phone habits. The family alleged that the police presumed that the woman had gone away with someone on her own. Three police officials have been suspended for delaying the registration of a first information report.
The accused were sent to judicial custody for 14 days on Saturday. The police are now thinking about filing a custody petition.
Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao on Sunday assured people that a fast-track court would hear the case. Rao’s comments came after protests were held across Hyderabad. As public figures arrived at the colony in Shamshabad on Sunday, angry residents locked its gates and held up placards that read: “No media, no police, no outsiders”, and “no sympathy, only action, justice”.Archway Building Contractors. A company with four departments brickwork,stonework,paving and groundworks. Each department can work individually or together depeding on the requirements of the contract. All operatives are fully trained employees and we run an apprenticeship training scheme alongside the construction industry training board. We are fully insured,compliant with all health and safety regulations and exor registered. Contracts of value £100 to £500,000 can be undertaken due to the way the company is structured.Smaller contracts can be undertaken by an individual department while larger contracts may need all departments involved.Description
Callzilla offers on-site support throughout our two Contact Center locations in Bogotá, Colombia. However, we also are set up to allow agents to work remotely from their homes. This would be beneficial for companies looking for seasonal support that need to scale up and down quickly. This option also gives you peace of mind, as we have the ability to move all agents to a work-from-home model in case of an emergency, such was the Covid-19 Pandemic.
For a deeper look at our remote working process and culture, check out our blog:Digital music player maker Creative Technology has asked a US court to ban Apple from selling or marketing its iconic iPods in the US.
Creative claims that the navigational menu used for finding and playing music on the iPod, violates its patent for its own Zen MP3 player.
It applied for the patent in 2001 which was granted in August 2005. Since then it has been threatening legal action. The complaint was lodged at the San Francisco district court.
More reports on how iPod helps Apple quadruple profit while Creative Technology reportsing loss
read more at BBC
Now you know why I love the free world?
[tags] patent, fight, apple, creative, mp3, player, organizing, files, ipod, zen[/tags]OK, my December RAGE Gauge is in, and risk continues to run high. Before we get into the reading, let’s go over a few items that are on my mind.
- The days of drawing down 4% of your portfolio per year have sailed on, especially while interest rates are nailed to the floor. Instead, a more reasonable draw today is in the 3% range, and even that is up for debate. Try to keep your draw rate as low as possible now, so you’re not forced to reduce it later because of a market correction.
- Consider where we are in the current environment with stocks. It’s a risky time for retirees and near-retirees because if we’re setting up for a correction, how will you protect your assets? Remember, there’s been a few nasty markets already this century.
- Imagine retiring on the eve of any of the above cracks in the market. Sure, it’s easy to say, “stocks always come back,” but they don’t always come back on your schedule. Consider, for some perspective, the chart below where stocks were flat from the mid-60s to early 80s.
- You’re asking me more and more about bitcoin. I like blockchain. I don’t like bitcoin, or cryptos. There’s no harm, as far as I’m concerned, in letting this play out a bit. I have no problem being late to this party.
- Look at all the money being thrown at ESG, and you realize it’s a “you invest, they win” gamble that will absolutely line the pockets of the financial industry. But the verdict is still out on how that helps the individual investor. The momentum in the overall market is crazy. Everyone’s a winner right now. Stay tuned.
- Everyone’s a winner except for Biden. The Michigan Consumer Sentiment just came out at the lowest reading in a decade.
- Lower your expectations for your portfolio in times like these.
- Understand how valuable you are if you’re working part-time in retirement. If you’re making $10,000 a year, how much would you have to save if you wanted to match that with a 3% draw? $333,333 or a factor of 33. Suddenly $15/hr looks more like $500.
- No surprises here: Private jet travel is up in Florida, Texas, and California. Guess which one has the most outbound one-way tickets? Investors will always seek shelter in states where their money is treated with respect.
- How about New York City real estate? Prices are up, coming in just above pre-COVID levels as city dwellers eschew the countryside. Hey, if you’re a city person, you’re a city person. It’s just the way it is. My takeaway? Look at the No Go Zones in Paris, and you’ll see the same play out the years ahead in NYC.
- In my conversations with you, you’re telling me how you’re looking for a Liberty Retirement. Yes, I’m concerned with your retirement life, and want to help you achieve your goals. If you need help, I would love to talk with you.
Action Line: Keep an eye on what your situation looks like. Risk remains high. Batten down the hatches and prepare for some tough times in the market. Is that a prediction? No. But I’m Your Survival Guy, and my RAGE Gauge warning signs are flashing RED.
Originally posted on Your Survival Guy.
If you’re willing to fight for Main Street America, click here to sign up for the Richardcyoung.com free weekly email.JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Recently added item(s) ×
You have no items in your shopping cart.
1 Review(s)
|
Add Your Review
Regular Price:
Scabos 2 in. X 12 in. Travertine Ogee Chair Rail Liner Trim.
Please note that the minimum purchase quantity is 20 Pieces.
Chip Size: 2 in. x 12 in.Collection: Scabos TravertineMaterial Type: TravertinePrimary Color: Scabos Variation: MediumFinish: HonedDepth: 3/4 in.:Théo Blass, 10 years old, likes judo, skiing and mountain biking—and the latter “he finds much more fun than climbing,” his father, Vladimir Arnaoudov, told Rock and Ice. Which is quite something considering last week Théo became the youngest person to climb 8c (5.14b). Just imagine if he liked climbing more than mountain biking!
On Wednesday, June 10, Théo redpointed Souvenirs du Pic (8c), Saint Guilhem le Desertin, France. Eleven years old was the previous low-water mark for climbing 8c, something accomplished by Ashima Shiraishi, Brooke Raboutou, Adam Ondra and Illya Bakhmet-Smolensky. (In 2015, Rock and Ice and several other outlets reported that Angie Scarth-Johnson, then 10, had sent Welcome to Tijuana (8c), but she later clarified that she had sent an 8b+ (5.14a) variation.)
Théo has been climbing since he was 7 years old. Both of his parents are avid climbers, and he grew up spending many a weekend playing beneath overhanging limestone crags in France.
[Also Read Laura Rogora Climbs Her First 5.15a, Pure Dreaming Plus, In Arco, Italy]
At 8, he started “climbing more regularly,” his father said. In short order he climbed his first 7a+ (5.12a) and then his first 7c (5.12d).
“Last summer he sent a few 8a’s [5.13b’s] on lead and an 8b [5.13d] on top rope—he was too scared to lead it,” Théo’s father said.
Last fall Théo ticked his first 8b, Bertane, also at Saint Guilhem le Desertin. It took him a mere five or six tries over two sessions.
This year Théo set his sights on 8c. Prior to the COVID-19 lockdown in France he was projecting La Theorie des Cordes, an 8c at St. Leger du Ventoux, but has not returned to it since restrictions began to ease.
Instead, once he could get back on the rock, Théo went with his parents back to the crag of his strongest work to date.
Souvenirs du Pic shares the upper section with another 8b that Théo climbed on top rope last summer, his father said. In that sense it was an obvious choice for his first 8c, since he’d only have to focus on the first half.
But in another sense, it was a stretch for the young climber. The steep bottom section of the route follows a series of tufas, and “was much harder for him because some of the moves are quite reachy and he had to find his own, sometimes very improbable, beta.”
But by his seventh session on the route, Théo started making big links and something clicked. “The few first sessions progress was slow, Théo could barely link up more than a few moves at a time. The style of climbing in the lower section is quite different to what Theo is used to and is not very kid friendly—long moves between tufas, with bad feed, requiring a lot of body tension, coordination and some explosivity. At one point he adapted to this style of climbing and progress became much faster.
Finally on his eighth day on Souvenirs du Pic, Théo clipped the chains.
His proud father shared the following, endearing details of his 10-year-old’s climb: “The conditions were very good: cold, dry and very windy weather and only a handful of people at the crag. Theo was climbing effortlessly, in a fast, precise and confident style, letting his feet cut loose deliberately to save time on some of the steeper sections with bad feet. As he is quite scared to lead, he clipped a couple of extra draws (one was on a route crossing the line of his route in the lower section and the other was a long sling hanging in the upper section where the falls are quite unpleasant and potentially dangerous if you cannot give a proper dynamic belay, (which is sometimes challenging when the climber weights 29 kilos)).”It looks like the Rockies will be getting their star shortstop back very soon. Troy Tulowitzki, who has been on the disabled list since June 18 with a fractured right wrist, fielded ground balls and took some light batting practice before yesterday’s game against the Reds.
Rockies manager Jim Tracy told Jim Armstrong of the Denver Post that Tulowitzki could go out on a minor league rehab assignment as soon as next.”
The Rockies have actually gone 15-8 since he last played, but the return of Tulowitzki will obviously be quite a boost for a team that is making a serious charge in the National League West. Tulowitzki was batting .306/.375/.502 with nine homers, 34 RBI, 47 runs scored and seven stolen bases before going on the disabled list.17:49PROJECT TRACKER: New Portsmouth Retail Park is '˜nearing completion'
18:55Portsmouth dad to run London Marathon to support those with celebral palsy and multiple sclerosis
16:36PICTURES: Camera captures major changes at Eastney beach
22:15Open day at Queen Alexandra hospital on NHS careers
22:06For the love of local band music
21:40Union in debate to '˜address exploitation of tied pub tenants'
21:18Girls urged to take part in code-breaking
20:22Argos to move out of main shopping area
20:21NOSTALGIA: Doh! I didn't recognise my own Portsmouth home in this Edwardian photo
18:38Portsmouth employment continues to rise as country sees record figures
16:52QA caught in row over A&E stats
17:48Anger as plans for over 400 homes on Warsash green fields are waved through
17:45Charity wants '˜stability' after Gosport MP takes on social care minister job
15:09Pompey to take biggest away following of season to MK Dons
15:38National Television Awards: full list of winners
18:00Fans discuss Pompey's play-off credentials
17:31Sugar tax on soft drinks 'might boost boozing'
17:20Major Hampshire road closed after collision
19:00Pompey boss confident of midfielder's return this season
17:16Kelly salutes Pompey Reserves' performance at Everton
19:00Six things to do in the next 48 hours: January 25 and 26
13:01PICTURE GALLERY: Former takeaway owner ends up Â£10,000 out of pocket after trying to overturn food safety conviction
16:17fortdffgfdg
15:30Protestors hope to see plans for more than 400 homes refused
00:00Airline technology could be a first for smart firm
14:35REGIONAL: Snake handler killed by pet python
14:20School mourns '˜outstanding' member of staff after she dies after illness
13:09Quiz: can you identify these old football club badges?
13:07League One: transfer round-up
12:21SOUTHSEA GREEN: Come and join our gardening and craft sessions
11:49M27 delays as tree falls on carriageway
20:00RICK JACKSON: Will Vauxhall continue in UK post-Brexit?
11:34Oscars 2018: how UK film fans can watch every nominated movie
11:12Pompey monitor Derby midfielder
11:16Sweatcoin app promises money for exercise, but critics warn it'll drain your battery
11:03Co-op cuts price of more than 600 products, including bananas and chicken
11:03Why did the partial Smiths reunion fall apart?
11:00parkrun: Whiteley flyers and Lee's ton
10:54Primark launches new Beauty and the Beast sneakers
09:55Oscar-nominated films hitting UK cinemas in February
09:57Harriet enjoys celebrations at superb Waterlooville junior parkrun
09:45Train evacuated between Havant and Haslemere
06:01NEWS COMMENT: It's so important to confide in somebody about abuse
09:41Think your country is crowded? These maps reveal the truth about population density across Europe
09:35Does spending big in the football transfer window get results? Two experts crunch the data
06:00Businesses at risk of closure from Lidl expansion face race against time to buy site
09:18Teen social media addicts more likely to suffer sleep deprivation
09:07Wetherspoon's across the UK pull Tuesday steak club night due to supply problem
08:30WEATHER AND TRAVEL: Storm Georgina set to batter Portsmouth
08:05Wetherspoon diners stunned as chain pulls steak from the menu '“ on STEAK NIGHT
06:00Portsmouth youngsters meet Nelson Mandela's old bodyguard at anti-racism day
06:00Warning as vans are targeted in Portsmouth crimewave
06:00Pompey boss backs Pitman's passion to succeed
05:58Pompey defender pencilled in for February return
06:00Urgent appeal launched to find foster carers in Portsmouth
06:01Slimming World group donate towards new bus for Gosport charity
06:22Marwell Zoo works with IBM to install thermal heating system for animals
06:07Portsmouth police warn of '˜fake friends' targeting the disabled
05:55RAF collection is a success
06:03Businesses to attend Portsmouth conference
06:43County council Meals on Wheels offered to young adults for first time
06:00Judge calls extent of man's offending '˜truly appalling'
06:00'˜Now that my abuser is dead I can get on with my life'
06:00Carillion crisis sees bank pledge Â£50m to firms
06:00Cool company awarded safety accreditation
06:00Park is charging to the future with green initiative
06:00Yvonne gives Barista of the year contest her best shot
06:00Bold plans revealed to create 5,000 jobs in Havant
11:00Pompey family's reaction touches '˜humbled' Rose
09:00Pompey midfielder: No blame game over freak injury
06:00Naomi House and Jacksplace launch Gauntlet Games obstacle race
06:24CQC praises Fareham service for its caring staff
06:00Graduation event marks apprentices
06:00Recruitment day for ambulance service
06:00Family pays tribute to neighbour in fatal Portsmouth house fire
00:55LETTER OF THE DAY: I could have easily dodged the train fare
06:00HIS WEEK IN 1971: '˜Two trapped in crash at Southsea'
06:00THIS WEEK IN 1971: Gosport schools' plight is '˜horrifying' scale, at the same place, with the same (or less) clothing on.
This evening, when I came back home, I weighed myself. I weighed 253.8 pounds. Almost 3.8 pounds from the borderline of 250. So far, I have lost almost 18 pounds in a month!
Since Thanksgiving is coming up, what are your best methods in surviving the holidays? I would love to hear your comments. And, please comment! I read all of the comments. Thanks. And, Happy Thanksgiving!In a world dominated by mass production, Match's pewter stands alone. Each piece is handmade by artisans in Northern Italy. Its classic forms harmonize with both traditional and modern settings and helps create memorable tables. Each piece bears a stamped symbol from the region in which it was made. Spoon sold separately.
Dimensions: 11.4"Diam.
Subscribe to get special offers, sales, and to find us at an event near you!product description
Braun Series 3 S310 is designed with 3 flexible blades that move with every facial contour for maximum skin contact and efficiency in one stroke. The specialised cutting elements are pressure sensitive and protected by a patented metal mesh (SensoFoil) for a clean and close shave with outstanding skin comfort. All Series 3 shavers are designed and engineered in Germany for ultimate precision and attention to detail. This shaver is Wet & Dry.. Provides maximum skin contact even in tricky areas, like around the lips. For a gentle shave and smooth skin feeling.*.Three Shelton residents won awards at the recent St. Vincent’s College graduation ceremonies.
Courtney Henderson won the Frank Scifo, MD, Award for Excellence; Emily Furrer was named to the All-USA Academic Team; and Kristy Lynn Rodrigues, an eight-year Navy veteran who earned her associate in nursing degree, wore the red, white and blue cord symbolizing a member of the Salute Veterans National Honor Society.Call our team on: 01384 877855
Mon-Fri 9am - 5pm
Written by Claire Bennett – Mental Health Practitioner
Throughout the pandemic, I have trained hundreds of people on how to spot signs of someone experiencing poor mental health and what they can do to help those people. One of the biggest challenges that people feel they face is supporting those people who are working remotely. Many of us believed this would be a short-term problem initially – I think it’s now pretty clear that how we work and where we work is going to change for the foreseeable. With a combination of remote and office working, or some roles moving to remote working permanently, we need to think more long term about how to use our skills in spotting signs of poor mental health in a different way.
The way in which we support someone remains pretty similar to supporting someone face to face. We would still listen without judgement and empathise with how they are feeling. We would still need to signpost them to further support and discuss the options that would work best for them. However, the ways in which we identify initially that someone may be experiencing challenges with their mental health may be different.
Getting to know people and how they behave when interacting remotely is important. We all know the personalities of our colleagues, or if someone is new we take the time to get to know them. We should still be adopting this approach remotely, too. For example, if we know that a colleague usually keeps their camera on during video calls, but lately have been turning it off at meetings, that could be a sign that something is amiss. If someone becomes difficult to get hold of, or they are ignoring phone calls or messages then again this could be a sign that they are experiencing challenges.
We get many signs from being physical in front of someone such as a facial expression or body language. Whilst we still may be able to pick up on a few of these signs if using video technology, we must remember that we can also tell quite a lot by the pace, pitch and tone of someone’s voice. Someone who is usually quite cheerful on the phone now sounds monotone or like they aren’t engaging in your conversation; this again could be a sign and may trigger you to ask if they are okay, as they don’t seem themselves.
Continuous comfortable communication is important. That’s to say that we aren’t just forgetting to keep in touch because we don’t see people; we maintain contact that doesn’t feel like we are harassing someone, but it’s comfortable enough for that person to not feel alone.
We can still encourage self-help tools; there are many online and lots of new support for those working remotely. Discussing the options out there and how remote staff would feel about using them could make all the difference.
As we enter this new world and think about adapting our approach, we must remember that looking out for one another is still a priority.
The Managing Mental Health Course is designed to give your managers and supervisors the skills and knowledge to support your staff and foster a happy, healthy and productive working environment. Click the banner below to find out more.
Call our team on: 01384 877855
Mon-Fri 9am - 5pm900-1100
Gold, hammered
Overall: 12.5 x 9.1 cm (4 15/16 x 3 9/16 in.)
Severance and Greta Millikin Purchase Fund 2015.7
Gold beakers like this one were indicators of high status.
This beaker was created by an artist of the Lambayeque culture of Peru's north coast. It features a figure with comma-shaped eyes holding staffs, symbols of authority..Stewie And Brian From Family Guy Have Created A Podcast With A COVID-19 PSA
With nothing else to do while stuck in quarantine, the Family Guy characters have done "the easiest thing in the world" and started a podcast.
Though Family Guy is currently on a break that's unrelated to the COVID-19 (coronavirus) crisis, you can bet the show would have something to say about our current state of affairs. In lieu of new episodes, show co-creator Seth MacFarlane has released an Instagram video featuring Stewie and Brian discussing coronavirus on their new "podcast".
View this post on Instagram
A post shared by Seth MacFarlane (@macfarlaneseth) on
The two discuss the coronavirus messaging that has become pretty standard by now, though this time with Family Guy's classic sense of humor. They urge listeners to wash their hands, keep 6 feet of distance between people, stay at home, and wear masks--though ideally unlike Brian's, your mask should cover your nose and mouth.
The short segment isn't animated, but it features MacFarlane voicing Brian and Stewie, along with cameos from his other characters Peter and Quagmire.
The Family Guy characters aren't the first to deliver coronavirus-related PSAs, with the cast of Watchmen releasing a video titled "Washmen", appearing in character to implore fans to wash their hands. While the videos aren't necessarily all that informative compared to official messaging from the CDC or WHO, they're still a welcome source of entertainment in these times.
Family Guy Season 18 will return with new episodes on April 19, after a break of just over a month.
Got a news tip or want to contact us directly? Email news@gamespot.com
Join the conversationEducation, work, economy (socio-economic differences)
November 22, 2021
Ester Rizzi, Kim Younga
Unintended and sooner-than-intended childbearing in Eastern and Western Europe
Examining two waves of a panel survey, Zuzanna Brzozowska, Isabella Buber-Ennser and Bernhard Riederer find evidence that women and men in post-socialist countries more often have a child they planned ... Read more
Clash of the Titans: NDC vs IPAYG (pay-as-you-go pension systems)
NDC (notional defined contribution) schemes are commonly believed to be the best kind of pay-as-you-go (PAYG) pension systems: actuarial equity and individual flexibility in accessing retirement are their main strengths. ... Read more
Global trends in child loss: less and later
Child loss continues to be a common life event for women in the Global South. Diego Alburez-Gutierrez documents a historic opportunity to close the gap between the South and the ... Read more
Educating children in India may help keep their parents healthy
A strong positive association exists between children’s education and parental health in India. Berenike Thoma and Jan-Walter De Neve explain that this positive relationship persists when controlling for a wide ... Read more
Rent liberalization decreased age at marriage in Egypt
Young people’s ability to marry increasingly depends on obtaining housing and forming independent households. Ragui Assaad, Caroline Krafft, and Dominique J. Rolando show how Egypt’s 1996 rent liberalization law reversed ... Read more
Late mothers and late fathers have a first birth with younger partners
Individual characteristics of late parents have been extensively studied in demographic literature, but less is known about the parental couple. As Marie-Caroline Compans shows, looking at fathers and mothers separately, ... Read more
Did you know?
The share of Europe’s population in the world is shrinking and by 2070 it will account for just under 4% of the world’s population.
Source: European Commission Report on the Impact of Demographic Change - Based on Eurostat data.Pulling Reports and Queries in Giveffect: Faster is Better
When it comes to looking at the bigger picture of what your nonprofit is doing, it’s always necessary to have the most accurate information possible. But it’s also vital to have this information in a timely manner. When one employee or department has to spend hours and even days obtaining, compiling and distributing information from reports to other employees, departments and stakeholders, the waiting can severely hinder positive progress in your organization.
Let’s take a particular case in mind: The development department at your nonprofit public broadcasting organization needs to pull information on how the ticketed campaigns from the last fiscal year performed in relation to the numbers your organization pulled in over the last five years ago. Your organization has invested a lot of time and funds into reporting software that is able to compare metrics, generate executive summaries, and turn data into reports. However, is this reporting software integrated with additional software systems that can help you to easily create reports on a wide range of issues, from fundraising campaigns to volunteer hour logs? Furthermore, how long will it take you to generate this information and distribute it to the people that need it the most? The answers to these questions may not be what you want to hear.
But if your organization was to switch to Giveffect’s all-in-one, integrated system, you would have access to a system that gives you reporting and querying options that empower you with the tools and data that you need to make key decisions. Giveffect’s system lightens the load of your development team by offering as robust a set of reporting and querying tools and features as you will find in an all-in-one system. Within each software system inside of Giveffect, your organization has the opportunity to create different kinds of reports for different aspects of your nonprofit (i.e., Customer Relationship Management reports and queries, donor and donation-specific queries and reports on growth, volunteer-specific reports, campaign reports and querying, etc.) The Giveffect reporting and querying features also offers multiple types of reports to streamline many processes inside of your software systems. For example, one of your nonprofit teams can generate a list of all volunteer assignments for a specific campaign, and the system then automatically generates total hours logged, as well as total hours completed.
But Giveffect also realizes that time is of the essence. Board members need to be informed because they are always on the move and making connections with people. Members of the executive team constantly have to make high-level decisions. And sponsoring organizations need the most pertinent information to make decisions on how much they will give. All of these instances require efficiency and timeliness that Giveffect’s reports and queries can provide. For that reason, Giveffect’s products allow you to create these reports much more quickly and conveniently than you would in another competing system. This is because we as a company realize that your time is valuable, as is the time of your entire organization. Regardless of the department you are in, that department must contribute to the bottom line of the entire organization, and do it as quickly and efficiently as possible.
Let’s look at another Smart Automation. This makes is easier to create and distribute canned or customized reports on different trends going on within your nonprofit organization. There is no need to hunt around for information for a report because this is information that you already have in Giveffect’s backend. Giveffect makes reporting and querying into something much easier that you may not expect: being able to pull reports and set up queries almost effortlessly and within seconds.
The following are some of the reports that can be generated within Giveffect:
You can pull a report around a specific donation group, based on an event, type of donor, or level of donation activity.
You can pull a report based around a specific ticketed campaign, from parties to galas to 5K runs.
And you can pull a report based on year-to-year donation growth.
All of the reports are ones that you can access from the Giveffect backend in, again, just a matter of second or minutes. To access the reports, while in the backend, you use the navigation bar at the left hand side, click on Reports, and select from the list of reports that you want to use. The beauty of an all in one system is twofold:
- Instead of trying to compile your data and spending hours and hours pulling that info, you already have your data and now you can easily run all of your reports and queries easily and efficiently. You can pull analysis on this data because its already prepared for you – so there are so many opportunities for you to be more efficient in your daily work.
- Smart Automation. As always, due to our integrated, all-in-one system, any and everything that happens on the front end of the Giveffect platform is automated and updated on the back end. This means that there is never any need to do manual data entry because the information is already updated for you.
Giveffect empowers nonprofits with the reporting and querying tools they need to get a clearer understanding of the big picture of their data. And the very same robust, powerful reporting and querying tools can generate the information needed in a matter of seconds or minutes, unlike other software tools.
Want to learn more about how Giveffect’s reporting and querying tools can help your nonprofit organization? Schedule a demo with us today by visiting us online at giveffect.com.Note: Not at the old Poker1 site. A version of this entry was originally published (1993) in Card Player magazine.
When should you bet in poker? Someone could (and probably will someday) write a complete book on just that topic. Fortunately, there’s one easy principle you can use today.
Here’s that principle: In order for a bet to be your correct choice, the value of betting must be greater than the value of checking. That’s so important, I’m going to repeat it: You should only bet when, by doing so, you expect to earn more than you would by checking.
That’s obvious, right? Maybe. But few players bet effectively. Some bet for the wrong reasons—bets bolstered by pride, bluffs beyond hope. Remember, whenever you have the opportunity to bet, you also have the opportunity to check. One of those two strategies is always better, and it’s your job to determine which one it is.
The mistake players make. Most players are aware they shouldn’t bet if checking is better. They know it in their hearts, in their minds, and deep within their poker souls. So, their betting mistakes don’t bloom from ignorance.
What happens is this: Too many players simply forget to consider the benefits of checking in the heat of poker combat. They spend all their time considering the obvious factors indicating whether or not they should bet. How do I know this? Because often, in private, when I ask players to try defining their chain of thinking at the table, they tell me how they weight the value of betting against, essentially, a zero base. What does that mean? It means they think that if a bet has any dollar value beyond zero, then it’s the correct play. They forget to weigh the expected value of betting, once they’ve determined it’s greater than zero, against the value of checking.
What’s the value of checking? Always remember that checking has value. You might check a strong hand, hoping an opponent bets, so you can raise. Most players do weight both betting and checking in that one case—when they have a very, powerful hand. But in other cases, they don’t.
The biggest mistake is in risking a bet of marginal value, when a check might have marginal value, too. Checking can lure a bad bet from a naive opponent. Checking can sometimes let you see the next card for free. Checking can confuse a player about the strength of your hand. All these things have value.
So, I’m suggesting that, from now on, you should consciously stop before making a bet and estimate the value of checking. Then weigh that value against the value of betting. Only then, make your decision. — MCSOLD
2540 Xavier Street | Denver, CO 80212
Bed 6 | Bath 5 | 4,614
Quality craftsmanship abounds in this contemporary home just one block from Sloan's Lake. Designer finishes, expansive windows, and a thoughtful, open floor plan are perfect for everyday living and entertainment. Open-tread stairs wrap around a three-story, modern chandelier and create an epic “wow” factor inside and out. 10' ceilings and 5" white oak flooring are found throughout the main level. The chef's kitchen boasts an oversized island, high-end KitchenAid appliances, custom tile backsplash, and a walk-in pantry. A coffered ceiling infuses a sense of refinement in the dining area. Marked by a distinctive gas fireplace and floor-to-ceiling tile surround, the bright family room opens with sliding glass doors to the back patio. A desirable main floor guest suite or office is completed by a ¾ bath with a glass-tiled shower with pebbled floor, rainfall showerhead, and body jets. The main floor also features a mudroom with custom storage cubbies. Upstairs is the gorgeous master bedroom retreat with a private balcony and an oversized walk-in-custom-closet, finished with drawers and adjustable shelves. The spa-like 5-piece master bath includes a freestanding soaking tub and a walk-in shower with pebbled floor, rainfall and dual showerheads, and body jets. There are two additional bedrooms and a laundry room on the second level. Up the architectural staircase to the third level you will find another bedroom/bath, full wet bar with wine cooler, and a vast, partially-covered rooftop deck with awe-inspiring views of Sloan’s Lake, the Foothills, and even Pike’s Peak! In the lower level, a large recreation room features a wet bar with a stainless-steel fridge and microwave, fully wired theater room, and a bedroom with full bath. A glass door leads to a 170-bottle wine cellar that showcases a glass rack and serving shelf to display your wine collection. Each room in the house is fully pre-wired for TV and speakers. Looking for a place to store all the toys? The attached, epoxy-finished, rare three-car garage is perfect for that and also includes a pet-washing station! The lawn has a built-in auto sprinkler system to set and forget, keeping your manicured lawn green all summer. All of this plus a fantastic Sloan's Lake location, with ample shopping and dining just minutes away – this one is not to be missed!Medvedev to showdown with Goffin for Wimbledon fourth round spot
11th seed Daniil Medvedev faces 21st seed David Goffin last on Court Two at Wimbledon today.
Playing in the third round of Wimbledon for a second time, Medvedev goes in favourite against the Belgian, whom he beat in straight sets at this year’s Australian Open. This was the first time the two had played each other, with the Russian taking it 6-2 7-6 6-3. The win gave him his best ever performance at a Grand Slam. In round four he was able to take the second set off number one seed Novak Djokovic in a four sets defeat.
His opponent Goffin is looking to make the fourth round at SW19 for a third time, after he managed this in 2015 and 2016. But loses to Stan Wawrinka and Milos Raonic have meant the Belgian has never made the quarters in London.
The man from Liege has looked impressive of recent, being one of just three men in the last two years to take a set of Rafael Nadal at the French Open. He took the third set off the 12 time Roland Garros champion in a four set third round defeat. The 28 year old looked comfortable on grass last month, when he made the quarter finals of S-Hertogenbosch in the Holland, and the final at Halle where he was defeated by ten time champion Roger Federer.
A win for Goffin would give him sole ownership of the 5th most wins for a Belgian at Wimbledon, passing Jacques Peten and Paul de Borman who he is currently tied on ten with.
13th in world Medvedev also reached round three last year, losing to Frenchman Adrian Mannarino. Despite losing in the first round of Stuttgart last month, the Moscow man did make the semi-finals at Queens beating Verdasco, Pouille and Schwartzman en route. Though going a set up was not enough to topple Gilles Simon to make his first Queens final.
The winner of the tie will automatically be made favourite to make the quarter finals, as they play the winner of unseeded Thomas Fabbiano and unseeded Fernando Verdasco in round four.
Daniil Medvedev (Russia)
Age: 23
ATP ranking:13
Wimbledon seeding: 11
Career Wimbledon record: 5-2
Career Grand Slam record: 11-10
Career grass court record: 18-11
David Goffin (Belgium)
Age: 28
ATP ranking: 23
Wimbledon seeding: 21
Career Wimbledon record: 10-6
Career Grand Slam record: 47-27
Career grass court record: 22<<Buy Cheap Huron, TN Auto Insurance (2021)
Huron, TN auto insurance rates average $285 a month. Minimum auto insurance requirements in Huron, Tennessee are 25/50/15 to comply with Tennessee laws. To buy cheap auto insurance in Huron, TN, Huron, TN are $285/month
- Average auto insurance rates in Huron, TN after a DUI are $4,392/year
- The most expensive auto insurance company in Huron is Allstate
Finding affordable Huron, Tennessee auto insurance can be challenging, but everything you need to know to buy cheap Huron, TN auto insurance with confidence is right here. Auto insurance rates in Huron are affected by local factors as well as personal ones like your driving record.
See how Huron, TN car insurance rates compare to Knoxville auto insurance rates, Hendersonville auto insurance rates, and Chattanooga auto insurance rates before you read more about the cost of auto insurance in Huron.
Don’t buy Huron, TN auto insurance until you’ve compared rates. Get free Huron, Tennessee auto insurance quotes when you enter your ZIP code above.
Huron, TN Minimum Auto Insurance Requirements
The required auto insurance in Huron, TN is 25/50/15 according to the auto insurance laws in Tennessee. The minimum auto insurance in Huron, Tennessee is outlined here.
Compare Quotes From Top Companies and Save
Secured with SHA-256 Encryption
Find Cheap Huron, TN Auto Insurance by Credit History
Your credit can have an impact on what you pay for auto insurance in Huron, TN. Take a look at Huron, Tennessee auto insurance rates by credit history.
Buy Cheap Huron, TN Auto Insurance by Age, Gender, and Marital Status
Do age, gender, and marital status affect Huron, Tennessee auto insurance rates? Find out how car insurance rates in Huron, TN are impacted by demographics.
Buy Cheap Huron, TN Auto Insurance for Teen Drivers
Auto insurance for teenagers in Huron can be expensive, but shopping around can make a difference. Average rates for teen auto insurance in Huron, TN are listed here.
Buy Cheap Huron, TN Auto Insurance for Seniors
You can save on senior auto insurance rates in Huron, Tennessee by comparing Huron senior car insurance quotes from multiple companies. Take a look at the average cost of auto insurance for seniors in Huron, TN here.
Find Cheap Auto Insurance Rates in Huron, TN by Coverage Level
The amount of coverage you choose is a big factor in the cost of Huron, Tennessee auto insurance. Compare Huron, TN auto insurance rates by coverage level.
Compare Quotes From Top Companies and Save
Secured with SHA-256 Encryption
Find Cheap Huron, TN Auto Insurance Rates by Commute
How long you’re in your car each day affects the cost of auto insurance in Huron. Compare auto insurance rates in Huron, TN by commute length to see how your daily commute impacts your rates.
Find Cheap Huron, TN Auto Insurance Rates by Driving Record
Auto insurance rates in Huron, Tennessee are impacted by your driving record. If you’re looking for lower bad driving record auto insurance rates in Huron, TN, take a look at the average cost for various violations versus rates for a clean driving record in Huron.
Find Cheap Huron, TN Auto Insurance Rates After a DUI
The cost of DUI auto insurance in Huron, Tennessee is higher than for a clean driving record. You can buy auto insurance after a DUI in Huron for less when you shop around and compare rates from multiple Huron, TN auto insurance companies.
Winners by Category: Where to Buy Cheap Auto Insurance in Huron, TN
Compare rates from the cheapest auto insurance companies in Huron, TN for your needs. Take a look at how Huron, Tennessee auto insurance companies stack up for each category.
Compare Quotes From Top Companies and Save
Secured with SHA-256 Encryption
Find Cheap Huron, Tennessee Auto Insurance Companies
If you’re looking for the cheapest Huron, TN auto insurance companies overall, you can compare them here. Find the best price for Huron, Tennessee car insurance by company.
Compare Auto Insurance Quotes in Huron, TN
You can buy cheap Huron, TN auto insurance with confidence that you’re getting the best deal. Enter your ZIP code below for free Huron, Tennessee auto insurance quotes from top companies.Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg called the claim that Facebook fake news influenced the election “pretty crazy.” (Getty).”
An investigation by BuzzFeed News published less than a week prior to the election traced about 100 political “news” sites trafficking in fake stories — most of them extremely pro-Trump — to a single small town in the Balkan state of Macedonia, where groups of college students and teenagers discovered they could rake in big bucks by generating phony “news” stories favorable to Trump or damaging to Hillary Clinton, and sharing them on Facebook where they would quickly go viral.
What are these fake news stories, where do they come from and did they help to win the election for Trump?
Here’s what you need to know.
1. Facebook is One of America’s Top News Sources
Nearly two-thirds of Americans use Facebook and other social media for their news. (Getty)
More than 60 percent of American adults use Facebook as well as other social media sites for their news, and 18 percent use the platforms “often” as a major news source, according to a Pew Research study from May of this year. Facebook has the broadest audience of any social media site, reaching 67 percent of all adults in the United States.
According to the site Internet World Stats, as of June 2016 Facebook had 201 million total users in the United States — a penetration rate of 62 percent.
Of the millions of adult Facebook users, the Pew Study found, about two-thirds, 66 percent, use the social media platform as a news source.
What percentage of news stories displayed and read on Facebook are actually fakes? That number has not been determined. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg thinks the figure is as little as one percent.
“Of all the content on Facebook, more than 99% of what people see is authentic. Only a very small amount is fake news and hoaxes,” he wrote in a Facebook post of his own on Saturday. “The hoaxes that do exist are not limited to one partisan view, or even to politics. Overall, this makes it extremely unlikely hoaxes changed the outcome of this election in one direction or the other.”
But one former Facebook employee, Antonio Garcia-Martinez — author of a book about Facebook, Chaos Monkey — called his former boss “disingenuous” for dismissing the idea that Facebook may have influenced the election. Facebook sells itself to advertisers on the basis that it can and does influence voters, Garcia-Martinez told National Public Radio.
.”
2. Most, But Not All, Fake Stories This Year Were Pro-Trump
This fabricated “news” story claiming that movie star Denzel Washington had endorsed Trump was shared more than 22,000 times on Facebook in two days. (Facebook/American News)
A study by BuzzFeed News in late October of “hyper-partisan” news sites — that is, sites taking a strong and obvious slant toward one candidate — 38 percent of stories generated by right-wing, pro-Trump sites were false, or contained falsehoods blended with fact to create a misleading impression.
On left-leaning sites, which would tend to be support Clinton or in many cases her Democratic primary opponent Bernie Sanders, 19 percent were false or contained significant fabrications — half as many on pro-Trump sites, though still a large number considering that legitimate news sites should contain no fabrications at all.
In addition to the recent false story — pictured above in a Facebook post from pro-Trump site American News — claiming that actor Denzel Washington “switches to Trump” and “speaks out against Obama,” other popular and totally fake news stories that were shared widely on Facebook this year included a story claiming that Pope Francis had endorsed Trump; a claim that the Clinton Foundation had “purchased over $137 million of illegal arms and ammunition” to be delivered to the United States in November; and even a story claiming that Clinton and her top aide Huma Abedin were lesbian lovers.
As recently as Monday, November 14, the top Google search result for the query “final election results” led to a story claiming that Trump was winning the popular vote in the election. Like the other stories, that one was completely fabricated. (In realty, Clinton was ahead by more than one million votes, with that number expected to rise.)
3. Many Fake News Stories Originate With Moneymaking Sites Overseas
Facebook banner for a pro-Trump “news” site based in Macedonia. (Facebook/USA News Flash)
Two separate news organizations this year — BuzzFeed News and the U.K. based Guardian newspaper — investigated the origins of fake news sites and found a large number of pro-Trump sites based in Macedonia, a Balkan nation bordering on Greece to the south, Kosovo and Serbia to the north.
In fact, both investigations traced at least 100 pro-Trump sites to a single town in Macedonia — Veles, population 44,000. The Guardian probe found 150.
“We are an independent news magazine with [our] primary goal to influence American policy, especially politics,” the anonymous operator of one of the Veles-based sites told The Guardian. “Then my city fellows saw what I was doing and started to copy my work. They are just looking to earn money from ad networks.”
A fake news story making the bizarre claim that Clinton was romantically involved with Yoko Ono went viral during the 2016 campaign. (Facebook)
According to the BuzzFeed News investigation, the.
4. Fake News Stories Also Cover Trump-Related Themes
Fake news story with racial overtones posted by Freedom Daily. (Facebook/Freedom Daily)
The pro-Trump fake news sites do not confine themselves to generating false and misleading stories only about the candidate. They also churn out stories on themes that they believe, often correctly, will appeal to Trump supporters. Those fake or distorted stories often involve violent crimes committed against white people by African-Americans.
The above story claiming that “blacks” had set “two white men” ablaze with gasoline was posted on September 23 by the pro-Trump site Freedom Daily, on its Facebook page. The story generated nearly 14,000 shares, more than 2,000 comments 9,500 reactions. But as BuzzFeed found by checking old news stories, while the photos in the post may have been real, the story itself was a total fabrication.
The incident had taken place about a year earlier, and involved a dispute between co-workers that turned violent. The story was not “censored” but received wide coverage in local media in the Baltimore area, where it happened, including this report in the Baltimore Sun.
Story posted Tuesday by pro-Trump site USA News Flash. (Facebook/USA News Flash)
Similarly, a story posted Tuesday to Facebook by the pro-Trump site USA News Flash claimed that Trump supporter in Alabama had been “martyred,” stabbed to death by a “black man.”
While the murder described in the story happened, it was the result of a tragic robbery — not a political attack targeting a the victim for supporting Trump. The suspect has been arrested and charged with capital murder.
5. Facebook and Google Are Now Taking Steps to Curb Fake News
On Monday, both Facebook and the dominant search engine Google announced steps to reduce fake news stories from circulating on their respective platforms.
The two internet titans announced measures to hit sites that promulgate fake news where they will feel it most — the bank account. According to a Reuters report, Google will evaluate sites for misleading and false news content and remove offenders from the company’s AdSense network, which is the primary source of revenue for many news sites.
Facebook said that it would stop displaying revenue-generating ads on sites that traffic in fake news.
“In accordance with the Audience Network Policy, we do not integrate or display ads in apps or sites containing content that is illegal, misleading or deceptive, which includes fake news,” a Facebook spokesperson told NBC News on Tuesday. “While implied, we have updated the policy to explicitly clarify that this applies to fake news. Our team will continue to closely vet all prospective publishers and monitor existing ones to ensure compliance.”
While depriving fake news sites of advertising will clearly reduce the incentive to publish phony news stories, neither Google nor Facebook announced new policies aimed at actually reducing the number of fake news stories that show up in search results and user news feeds.
Editor’s Note: An earlier version of this story stated Buzzfeed found Freedom Daily was incorrect in reporting that the victim set on fire by a co-worker in Baltimore was not white. The victim’s father is white, according to Freedom Daily and social media pages connected to the victim and his family.+1 205-699-2499
Things We Sell
Antique Tools
Sports Memorabilia
Watkins Products
Jadeite
Used Furniture
Booth Rental Info
Things We Sell
Antique Tools
Sports Memorabilia
Watkins Products
Jadeite
Used Furniture
Booth Rental Info
Facebook-f
Watkins Products Birmingham, AL. Today, Gardendale Flea Mall & Antique Center has you covered for all your Watkins Products in Birmingham, AL! From bath essentials, kitchen spices and baking goods! Watkins Products have been around since 1868 and are trusted by households all over the country, and will continue to make life easier for households for years to come! Whatever your Watkins Products need, Gardendale Flea Mall & Antique Center has you covered! So stop by today and see what Gardendale Flea Mall & Antique Center can do for you to fulfill your need for Watkins Products in Birmingham, AL! We are located off exit 272 on Interstate-65 in Birmingham, AL. Come by Today!
Call Now Button
Porn videos
xxx videos
xvideos
xnxx video
sexo gratisSponsored Links
It’s been just over two months since the horrific school shooting at Marjorie Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida claimed the lives of seventeen innocent people – but already it feels like things are changing.
Sponsored Links
For far too long the pattern was nauseatingly clear: a mass shooting would occur, Americans would be outraged and call for change, Republicans would dig in their heels to block any new gun legislation, and eventually, the country would move on without having done anything.
Sponsored Links
The difference this time is that the student survivors of Parkland are refusing to back down quietly. They’ve become forceful activists, and they’re starting to make real progress. The conversation around guns in this country is rapidly shifting.
Now, it’s been made clear just how crucial new gun laws are. The Associated Press reports that just one day after the governor of Vermont signed a slate of new gun reform measures into law, one of them was used to prevent a possible school shooting.
The legislative package bans high capacity magazines, raises the age of firearm ownership by two years, and also allows for the government to block firearm ownership from individuals who pose a threat.
Sponsored Links
Sponsored Links
Sponsored Links
A judge was able to sign an “extreme risk protection” order, which stated that the suspect in this case constituted an extreme risk to himself and others. That ruling, in turn, gave authorities the power to block the suspect from obtaining firearms.
Governor Phil Scott (R) said he read the affidavit for this particular case, and it convinced him to evolve his stance on gun laws. He realized he needed to sign legislation that would give the government power to prevent this particular suspect from getting his hands on guns. Once he signed the new law, authorities were able to take appropriate action.
Prosecutors revealed that the suspect kept a diary he called “Journal of an Active Shooter.” In it were disturbing, detailed plans on how he would carry out a shooting at a specific school. His stated goal was to murder more people than any previous school shooters, adding further credence to the theory that many school shooters are motivated by a desire for media attention and infamy.
Somehow, the state Supreme Court has ruled that since the suspect didn’t actually carry out the shooting and since there wasn’t a mountain of evidence against him he must be released on bail. The AP reports that locals are unsettled by the decision and at least one school has decided to ramp up its security.
“People are frustrated, they are nervous, they’re scared. Because that’s a serious crime, it was a serious threat — a credible threat,” a local cafe owner told The AP.
A court hearing for the suspect is scheduled for later this month. Hopefully, this incident will encourage other states to adopt similar common-sense gun legislation. Even though the suspect was ordered released on bail, the fact that the government was able to step in in the first place and block his access to guns clearly demonstrates the efficacy of gun reform.Individuals have at all times been curious in terms of figuring out all about their immune system, the way it features, how it may be improved, and plenty of different issues. It looks as if particularly since Covid-19 has “entered” our lives that many people have grow to be much more concerned on this matter.
These days you possibly can come throughout totally different articles that present their readers with varied helpful methods that may assist them increase their immune system by consuming probiotics, minerals, nutritional vitamins, and wholesome, nutritious meals.
It doesn’t matter whether or not we’re coping with some harmful sickness or not, engaged on enhancing our immune system should at all times be our precedence and one thing we should always work on for the remainder of our life. Under you’ll learn the way essential it’s to give attention to bettering it as a lot as you possibly can.
The Significance Of Having A Robust Immune System
It Enhances Cardiovascular Well being
Having a healthy heart is essential for our general well being. That’s why all of us ought to begin embracing a wholesome way of life, regardless of how previous or younger we’re by implementing wholesome habits, reminiscent of exercising, consuming a lot of lean meat, veggies, and fruits, and reducing as a lot as we are able to our stress ranges.
All of this stuff can positively have an effect on our our bodies and decrease the chance for a stroke and coronary heart assault. Sadly, a majority of older individuals assume that it’s “too late” to start out engaged on their well being, nonetheless, the reality is, it positively isn’t.
After all, it’s a lot better in the event you begin making constructive adjustments when you’re youthful, nonetheless, in the event you change unhealthy habits with good ones, you’ll actually make an enormous distinction, particularly in the event you’ve already had a stroke or coronary heart assault.
Protects You In opposition to Numerous Illnesses
Virtually each healthcare supplier will inform you {that a} nutritious diet performs an enormous position in defending you from quite a few sicknesses, toxins, and infections. Regardless that a majority of individuals are conscious of that reality, they nonetheless fail to devour nutritious, wholesome meals, which isn’t good, since this stuff are wealthy in minerals and nutritional vitamins that maintain our immune system sturdy.
So what are we imagined to do then? When you assume that you just lack sure nutritional vitamins and/or minerals, then a minimum of what you are able to do is take them in tablet type. Luckily, there are a variety of high-quality minerals and nutritional vitamins that may make a big impact in your immune system.
Keep in mind that earlier than you buy something, you need to first discuss to your physician simply to make sure it’s not contraindicated for any well being points you might need. Be sure to buy multivitamins from respected firms which have already collaborated with totally different healthcare suppliers earlier than. Specifically, with Douglas labs multivitamin and plenty of firms of the identical type, you possibly can make sure that you might be acquiring one thing of excellent high quality. You do not need to probably jeopardize your well being by buying one thing that’s not verified.
What Else Do You Want To Know?
It Helps Stop Infections
Maintaining your self wholesome and freed from any kind of an infection is essential, particularly now when it looks as if you possibly can simply contract virtually something. That’s why we have now to constantly work on strengthening our immune system.
One of the crucial frequent methods to get the infectious illness is thru hand-to-mouth and hand-to-face transmission. That’s exactly why it’s important to scrub our palms as regularly as we are able to. Keep in mind that some micro organism and viruses are in a position to persist on quite a few surfaces you contact regularly, reminiscent of doorknobs, cellphones, laptop keyboards, mild switches, and plenty of others.
So what are you able to do? It’s straightforward. Simply guarantee to scrub your palms completely with water and cleaning soap for a minimum of twenty seconds after which dry them with both an air dryer or a clear towel.
It Protects Us From Parasites
Our immune system is continuously making an attempt to create a barrier that can cease varied dangerous invaders reminiscent of parasites to enter our our bodies. Sadly, lots of people assume that they’ll contract a parasite solely after they journey.
Properly, that’s probably not the case. In actual fact, over sixty million People are contaminated with them with out even figuring out it which is unlucky, since a majority of parasites are the basis of varied sicknesses.
As a way to stop this, you need to drink bottled, clear water at any time when you might be touring, wash your palms commonly, particularly in the event you’ve touched contaminated water or meals, and observe correct hygiene.
Individuals shouldn’t be taking note of their immune system solely after they get sick, or throughout winter. It’s one thing that’s imagined to be accomplished on a regular basis. Based mostly on the information that have been offered on this article, it’s straightforward to see how essential it’s to focus on your immune system as a lot as you possibly can.On Wings of What? " January 26, 2010 — by Sophia Cooper As Valentine’s Day approaches, it’s easy to get caught up in the wave of finding true love. But I haven’t just gotten sucked in by its current, I’ve been completely smothered by the maelstrom of “The Bachelor: On the Wings of Love.” read more »Find a Wedding DJ near BoltonWedding music is an important part of the wedding entertainment. Your wedding disco and wedding dj should reflect the type of music you enjoy. Nothing gets a party started like a great DJ and there is loads of choice near Bolton.
JK mobile discos are premium wedding DJ's for the northwest and surrounding areas
Wedding disco in Manchester.
Are you looking for professional and reliable entertainm.
Looking for a great wedding disco? Super Star DJs is based in Blackburn, and covers weddings in and around Lancashire.
Entertainment and discos for your wedding in Cheshire
Try looking in these nearby towns:Dear Marie & Ola,
Many thanks for your swift work. Big fan of Hoglund Art Glass as wedding and other gifts. This is the second similar piece we have bought as graduation mementos for our children. We had the last one inscribed with our son’s degrees around the base, although you have to look closely to see the inscription as we don’t want to spoil the look. We’ll do the same with this one. We are ex Nelsonians and both sons went to Nelson College so it has extra meaning.
Thanks again, Kate BThe shopper might be given the carrier’s schedule on the time of dispatch. The only exception to that is our Concierge Auto Transport Service which features a Free rental car if it takes longer than 14 days from pickup to supply. We have been a trusted resource for auto transport for over 20 years, and have an A+ ranking with the Better Business Bureau. We know what we’re doing when it comes to automotive shipping and it shows.
While accidents are rare, typically things can go mistaken. Maybe the driver will get in an accident or road particles dents your automobile. If you finish up needing to file an insurance coverage claim, American Auto Shipping can pay up to $500 in direction of your deductible. The firm has a workers of greater than 10 people who do nothing but look into the background of potential drivers. You can virtually see them operating around sporting “Montway Compliance Division” superhero capes as they study crash reports, insurance information, and driver histories.
To see how much you’d pay for transport, get free quotes from top-rated automotive shipping corporations below. Car transport corporations make most long-distance strikes simpler. Whether you should ship a automobile cross nation, to your new college, or to a navy base, selecting the best auto transport firm could make the method easy and hassle-free. The consumer should by no means release or obtain vehicle from a service with out an inspection report (Bill of Lading/BOL) regardless of the time of day or the climate situations. Failure to take action might result in the client’s inability to file a injury declare.
Call us to get a automotive delivery quote or to reserve your auto transport providers at present. The cheapest auto transport firm is AmeriFreight, based on Move.org. The automobile transport company’s average value of $900 to ship a automobile on an open automotive carrier is about 20% cheaper than the automobile shipping industry average.
Client additionally agrees to tell American Auto Shipping if the automobile is non-running, previous to dispatching a carrier. While every effort shall be made to verify a driver for the estimated date above, no guarantee of pickup or supply date may be made. Delays might happen because of service schedules, mechanical failure, inclement weather, acts of God, amongst other unforeseen circumstances. American Auto Shipping is not going to be answerable for any expenses or liabilities incurred because of delay of pickup or delivery. This consists of however isn’t restricted to airline tickets or rental car fees.
American Auto Shipping’s costs appear excessive because it provides your last value upfront. Many different firms suck you in with a low quote—and then elevate your charges. A unhealthy apple often sneaks via even though 香港集運 AmeriFreight rigorously vets its carriers. 85% of all shoppers belief online reviews simply as a lot as they do private recommendations. I hereby conform to the transport terms offered by American Auto Shipping.
The auto shipper additionally lists itself as a certificates holder in your insurance coverage policy so that it can assist with the claims process if a driver’s negligence leads to harm. Very few companies offer any kind of assured pricing. To find one that contributes $300 to cowl your costs is nearly unprecedented. It’s hard to emphasize how much Sherpa’s clear pricing separates it from other auto transport firms.
Client agrees to be sincere and upfront in representing the car. Once a provider is dispatched the final worth will never be altered. Prices are all inclusive of taxes, tolls, full coverage insurance, and gas. A copy of the dispatch notice might be sent to the Client at the time of dispatch.
You can typically expect to save around 15% (roughly $180) on open transport compared to the industry average. If a provider begins to slip in Sherpa’s internal ratings, it will get booted from the auto service pool. That means if your driver is unprofessional or treats you poorly, you probably can inform Sherpa, and it’ll take motion. But American Auto Shipping doesn’t ask for a deposit. Even if the corporate asked for a deposit, the guaranteed pricing means you wouldn’t have any massive surprises. But American Auto Shipping knows it’s a ache to pay upfront, so the broker waives your deposit.
Recent CommentsWhat a great price for a one-year subscription to Ranger Rick magazine! This Discount Magazines offer is only valid today through midnight EST. A fun gift idea for the kids! Kids love to get mail and this gift will last all year long!
Order your subscription from Discount Magazines for just $11.99 when you use promo code 80401!
This offer is good for today (5/3) only!- New
- Game Library
Sections
Main Categories
-
-
19.07.2021 15091 333 votes
You already know her, you already love her! Hatsune Miku is the first and most popular virtual idol, a hologram of a songstress from Japan who skyrocketed in popularity ever since her debut, and she is now a brand new antagonist to face off against in a musical battle. She might have been featured in this category before, but this time you will play against her on songs that are way more difficult than the ones from the original, so we hope you are ready!
Hit play, and then go through one song after another, trying to reach their end and play their notes so well along the way that the progress bar turns fully in your favor, simple as that.
To achieve that, you need to press arrow keys at the same time as arrow symbols above BF match with one another, but be careful not to miss too many notes one after another, since that means losing the game. Have fun, that is what we hope you come out from this game!
This is an open-source game, and you can support the developers here.
Related Categories
How to play?
Use the arrow keys.Equipping teens to be Jesus' hands & feet
in America's Inner Cities
Spread the Good News
Daily in the inner city, hurting people are struggling to make ends meet. The lack of economic opportunities creates a constant battle against hopelessness. Many feel like outsiders to mainstream culture. These people are our neighbors, but how often do we treat them with worth and dignity?
Good people are doing great work now to bring hope to their community. A crucial support network built on programs and relationships is working bridge the wealth gap.
But the truth is, only the gospel of Jesus Christ can bring radical change in a person or a neighborhood.
EY2S is a Norfolk-based, inner-city focused, mission organization designed to equip young people to see (and meet) the need next to them. When students are equipped with the love of Christ and practical tools the inner-city is radically changed. When we send them home, they are too.
And isn’t that what we’re all looking for?
Join Us
Be the Change.
Everybody started somewhere.
Why not make your start here?
Contact us now to see how you can engage in what God is doing.
The Blog
As we engage in domestic, cross-cultural ministry, we want to teach young people to do the work of the Kingdom, with an intentional, hands-on approach. Working together to engage communities who are near us, but culturally distinct from us, builds the faith of young people. EY2S works to train and inspire people of every socio-economic background to take responsibility for their part of God’s harvest.
WE BELIEVE CHANGE IS POSSIBLE.Our Portfolio
Happy Customer
Aarhus Symphony Orchestra, Owain Arwel Hughes "Symphony No. 4, Op. 29, "Sinfonia Sacra": I. Allegro passionato"
- Performed By: Aarhus Symphony Orchestra, Owain Arwel Hughes
- Album: Holmboe: Complete Symphonies
- Label: BIS
- Catalog: BIS-CD-843-46
- ISRC: SEAEF9272010
- Released: 10/31/96
NoteRecording Dates: 10, 18 June 1992
add private note Private Notes
Click here to add a private note. Private notes can only be viewed by you.
Click here to add a comment. Comments can be viewed by everyone.Colonial St. Louis: Fortunes Gained, Fortunes Lost
I remember a trip I took with my dad in 2008. He had always wanted to see the Liberty Bell. That trip, all by car, took two weeks. He planned every day, just as he had done when we took family vacations. I inherited that trait, but as much as I wanted to help plan, I decided to let him enjoy it. Looking back, I'm amazed he did it without the internet. How did we do that? Planning vacations online is one great societal change we can all get behind! While in Philadelphia, we viFor specific questions about the LSAT, head to.
Will I be penalized in the law school application process for choosing C/NC grading in Spring 2020 courses?
No. Many schools across the country have shifted to C/NC or P/F grading. Indeed, even many law schools are doing this. The Spring 2020 semester will be seen as one in which students were confronted with unprecedent challenges and in which colleges and universities responded by providing them with the flexibility necessary to get through the semester. In recognition of these challenges, the Law School Admissions Council issued the following statement:
Law schools are fully aware of and understand that virtually all students enrolled during the spring 2020 COVID-19 pandemic experienced significant disruption in their living and learning arrangements. Law schools are also aware that many undergraduate and graduate schools changed their grading systems to allow or require Pass/Fail grades in lieu of their traditional grading systems and will not penalize any applicant for presenting Pass/Fail grades. LSAC will place a letter in the CAS report of every applicant enrolled during spring 2020, reminding law schools of the COVID-19 pandemic and its effects on the population and on higher education.
How is the LSAT being offered during the pandemic?
The Law School Admissions Council has transitioned the LSAT into the LSAT-Flex, an online, remotely proctored version called LSAT-Flex. You can read details and find answers to most of your questions at.
Will the LSAT-Flex score be treated differently by law schools than the traditional LSAT score?
No. Law schools have confidence in LSAC’s ability to assure the validity and reliability of the test even with the new format. Although the delivery method of the exam will differ, it is still composed of questions that have been through the typical LSAT development process and all test takers will be remotely proctored to assure integrity of the exam.
Should I prepare differently for the LSAT-Flex?
Maybe slightly, since the LSAT-Flex scores will be weighted differently. In the normal LSAT, 50 percent of the score is from the logical reasoning section. In the LSAT-Flex, each of the three sections–logical reasoning, reading comprehension, and analytical resoning (logic games)–is weighted equally. This weighting may guide the amount of time you spend preparing for each section.
Should I wait to take an in-person LSAT rather than the LSAT-Flex?
You should take the LSAT when it’s right for you, that is, when you’re fully prepared to take it. At the moment, it’s difficult to say when in-person LSATs will be offered again. It seems likely that we will see LSAT-Flex tests for the rest of the ’20-21 academic year.
What if I don’t have a good computer or a good space in which to take the LSAT-Flex?
To take the LSAT-Flex, you need a desktop or laptop running Windows or Mac OS and with a camera and microphone. You must also be in a private room that has no other electronic devices in it. If either of these are problems, you have the opportunity to request equipment or space when you register for the LSAT. If LSAT is unable to help you, get in touch with one of your pre-law advisors ASAP to see if we can find an on-campus solution.
Given the uncertainty, should I wait for a year before applying to law schools?
This isn’t an easy one to answer, but in general you should apply to law school when it best fits into your goals and when you are most ready to do so. If you feel like disruptions to your life make this an inopportune time to apply, that’s understandable. It’s very important that you know that there is no advantage to applying to law school directly from your undergraduate institution. The typical applicant to law school has been out of college for 2-3 years. You will never be a weaker applicant if you wait to apply. Your work and life experience in the meantime will almost certainly help you focus even more on your goals and help you know where law school fits into them.Shannen Doherty Calls Former Rival Jennie Garth ‘Amazing’
Gregory Pace/BEImages; Todd Williamson/FilmMagic.com
09/15/2008 AT 12:00 AM EDT
While much has been made of the feud between 90210 actresses Shannen Doherty and Jennie Garth, that's all in the past.
"I adore her," Doherty told PEOPLE of her 90210 costar in Las Vegas Saturday at the grand opening of LAVO. "Not only do I adore her, but I think she is awesome on 90210."
The characters the two women played feuded over the same man on the original 90210, but were also reportedly bitter enemies off-screen, too.
"We've both grown up," Doherty said. "I thought she was always good, but she brings something to that show that I think it needs. She's sort of this stable force, that calm center, and I think she's terrific."
Doherty revealed that the two even text message all the time. "We're friends," she said. "I couldn't be happier that I worked with her again. She's amazing."
Doherty--who is slated for a four-episode arc on the spin-off-- will reveal who fathered Kelly's son Sammy on Tuesday's episode. --Mark Gray
Gregory Pace/BEImages; Todd Williamson/FilmMagic.com
The Latest
advertisementGiving individualized, one-on-one care in the Flathead Valley since 2003.
Founded in 2003 by Daniele Gastineau P.T., my unique training and experience allows the clinic to provide an innovative approach to the field of sports medicine and physical therapy. We offer progressive, one-on-one treatment, and training programs. The practice focuses on minimal use of traditional equipment and emphasizes the use of body weight in functional movements to assist patients with their rehabilitation needs. I have developed treatment methods from my graduate education in Groningen, The Netherlands, and through. I apply my knowledge and experience to provide efficient, effective, and safe care. Physical Therapy home and exercise programs are personalized and targeted ensuring proper biomechanics while increasing strength and agility – to maximize playing time and performance and functional return to activity. Patient's exercise programs are based on functional movements personalized and targeted to their needs. Combined with our manual skills for alignment and mobility Gastineau Physical Therapy, Ltd. offers a thorough therapeutic system to the Flathead Valley.
Physical Therapist | Owner/Operator
Daniele has been practicing since 1998. She earned her undergraduate bachelor's degree at Northern Arizona University and a graduate degree in Physical Therapy in Groningen, Netherlands. My graduate education in the Netherlands taught me the most advanced orthopedic manual therapy techniques including soft tissue massage, joint mobilization, and manipulative therapy. My continuing education has focused on furthering my manual technique effectiveness along with functional exercise training. Through the University of St. Augustine I have taken manual therapy courses in myofascial manipulation, analysis and manipulation of lumbo-pelvic-hip complex, pelvis, lumbar, thoracic and cervical spine, craniofacial, upper and lower extremities, I have certifications for Dry Needling for the cervicothoracic and upper extremity conditions. Craniosacral therapy through the Upledger Institute. Kinesiology Taping through Rock Tape. I have taken advanced training for biomechanics of gait and feet. I have spent years specializing in the shoulder complex with ongoing training in this area of expertise. My treatment approach is based on a total body functional viewpoint. I do a thorough evaluation, essentially a functional biomechanical analysis of the human kinetic chain to find the source of the dysfunction and not just treat the symptoms. When not in the clinic, I continue enjoying the outdoor recreation that Montana has to offer; including backcountry skiing, tele skiing (yes some of us still do it), cross country and skate skiing, mountain biking, a little road biking, trail running, hiking, hunting, camping and time with my two boys.
Physical Therapist Assistant
Christine was born on a military base in Okinawa, Japan but soon moved back to be raised in her parent's homestate of Montana. She graduated with her Bachelor's in Biology from Carroll College in 2002, later specializing her field of interest and earning her Associates in Physical Therapist Assistant studies from FVCC in 2014. She has been with our team ever since. Christine is trained as a pilates instructor, allowing her to use her use her knowledge of mindful body movements to enhance the effectiveness of patient therapeutic exercise. She has completed many continuing education courses with an emphasis on orthopedic rehab of the shoulder and lower back among others. Christine enjoys spending time outdoors skiing, boating and hiking with her husband and two daughters..
READ MORE AT NBCBayArea.comChanges Through Community Building
Reunion Sportive d'Haiti is dedicated to the well being of marginalized youth in Haiti.Learn more »
Reunion Sportive d’Haiti has completed the First Phase of its Kindergarten construction project (Read Report) in Haiti to replace a school that was wiped out by Hurricane Matthew in October 2016. The Kindergarten has 3 classrooms, a library, an office, and sanitation facilities. As it happens, the Kindergarten is located in Roche-Jabouin, Port-Salut, a fishing village not far from the area hit by the recent 7.2 earthquake and Hurricane Grace. Miraculously, the Kindergarten has survived both the earthquake and Grace and despite all the setbacks, kindergarten classes have begun. The Kindergarten is addressing educational inequalities and making a significant impact in this impoverished community. It provides access to early education for hundreds of vulnerable children to learn essential social, emotional, and study skills that they will use throughout their lifetime.
Reunion Sportive is now seeking funding for the Second Phase of the project, by adding the following programs:
1) Furnishing the library, buying teaching materials, tablets, and school supplies, so that the children can have access to books and learning materials.
2) Adding a school meal program—Building the cafeteria, kitchen, and food storage for the school meal program. The school meal program is paramount because these kids are extremely poor and many suffer from chronic malnutrition. The school meal program will provide critical support to vulnerable children, along with complementary nutrition education and health measures to support the child development, hunger reduction, and promote lifelong healthy eating habits.
3) Installing a solar-powered electricity system in the school to conserve food for the school meal program, and to keep medicine and vaccines refrigerated (if we add the medical office). The electricity will enable us to have computers, printers, tablets, and access to the internet for the school operations. Additionally, the electricity system will also enable the children in the village to read at night. Currently, once the sun goes down, the children cannot read because they have no access to electricity.
4) Adding a small medical office to provide basic preventive healthcare and vaccinations. The village has no medical clinic, and a large majority of children do not get their vaccinations on time (many don’t get them at all) because the nearest hospital is hours away. Given the remoteness of this village, it’s essential that we have the capability to provide basic care if a student becomes sick. This medical office will be headed by a registered nurse and will have an enormous impact on the children’s quality of education and on the entire village, because all the children in the village will get access to vaccinations and basic medical care. Even adults who are injured can receive first aide assistance or get regular check-ups to control their diabetes, hypertension, or other chronic diseases.
5) Installing a playground for the kids to play. Physical education is important, and this project will serve both the kindergarteners and other children in the entire village. Physical education provides cognitive content and instruction designed to develop motor skills, knowledge, and behaviors for physical activity and physical fitness. The playground would enable the children to engage in daily physical activity, which will enable them to be physically active.
We are extremely grateful to the following partners who made the First Phase of this important project possible: The Dodge Family Fund, Emen Family Charitable Fund, Digicel Foundation, CPPS Heritage Mission Fund, the Libra Group, Food for the Poor, Gedeon GRC Consulting, ADIHA, as well as many individual donors and supporters.
In response to the Haiti earthquake, Reunion Sportive d'Haiti has distributed food and sneakers to 1,500 families. Reunion Sportive is still collecting funds to support the victims. The August 14 earthquake struck the Southern part of Haiti, the area where Reunion Sportive d'Haiti has been working for the past 11 years, killing over 2,200 people, injuring 12,300, destroying 60% of houses and thousands of schools and churches. Reunion Sportive is deeply connected to these victims and continues to support them in rebuilding their lives. >>
Co-Founder of Reunion Sportive, Luther Voltaire, has started this solar lamp project for school children in Haiti. These children live in rural communities with no electricity, making it very difficult for them to study and do their schoolwork after the sun goes down. RSHaiti donates these solarEurofound's COVID-19 EU PolicyWatch collates information on the responses of government and social partners to the crisis, as well as gathering examples of company practices aimed at mitigating the social and economic impacts.
Factsheet for case GB-2020-12/1788 – measures in United Kingdom
The background is the UK's first lockdown in March 2020 and ongoing developments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The case study organisation is the Convention of Scottish Local Authorities (COSLA), which represents the 32 local authorities in Scotland. COSLA runs myjobscotland, a national recruitment website for public sector jobs across nearly all Scottish local authorities. Since launching in 2008, the platform not only advertises around 40,000 jobs each year, but also has an applicant tracking system that helps councils streamline their hiring process.
But when the pandemic hit and the prime minister issued his ‘stay at home’ message, the organisation saw an almost overnight move from 5% of public sector staff working from home to more than 80%. Their issue was that there were numerous people within recruitment processes but that COSLA could no longer arrange organise face-to-face interviews as part of those processes.
With vacancies still needing to be filled despite the lockdown restrictions, the organisation had to quickly come up with an alternative process, all the while further hindered by the usual challenges of tighter council budgets and limited resources.
Like many organisations, COSLA considered making use of popular videoconferencing platforms as a virtual alternative to conducting interviews. However, this would have been difficult to streamline with its applicant tracking system. Instead, the project coordinators realised that their current system offered the option for candidates to add a video as part of their application, and so piloted using this with 10 councils.
Candidates were asked to put a video together, answering questions they would usually be asked at the interview stage. Not only was this a relatively quick process to roll out, but all the data could be tracked, and hiring managers just had to log in to the system as normal to view it, which saved COSLA time spent on training.
To date, more than 5,200 candidates have produced a video as part of their application process, and 253 roles across Scotland have been filled using this system over the last year.
COSLA found that the new process created greater efficiency when recruiting. For example, the time to offer for vital home career vacancies reduced from 74 days to 15 days, and time to hire decreased from 119 days to 44 days.
Feedback from candidates has also been positive: one applicant with dyslexia said they relished the opportunity to not type out lengthy text responses. It also highlighted how “archaic” the recruitment process was before and that the change in practices imposed by the pandemic could be the shift needed for what is typically a very traditional sector to become more digital in the future.
Moreover, given how varied public sector jobs are, managers have been generally positive about the addition of video to the application process. They have found that it provided them with a real insight into the candidate and gave recruiters an idea of candidates' soft skills.
The organisation now plans to work with the remaining councils so as to roll out the new system.
Social partners' role in designing the measure and form of involvement:
Social partners' role in the implementation, monitoring and assessment phase:
No involvement; this is company practice albeit at a consortium level. The Consortium oversees recruitment and selection for public sector bodies in Scotland. Social partners thus have no involvement in what is essentially managerial practice.
No reactions; this case relates to improved recruitment in response to the pandemic.
This case is sector-specific (only private sector)
This case is not occupation-specific.
Citation
Eurofound (2021), The Convention of Scottish Local Authorities: A pilot to overhaul hiring processes in the wake of COVID, case GB-2020-12/1788 (measures in United Kingdom), COVID-19 EU PolicyWatch, Dublin,
Disclaimer: This information has not been subject to the full Eurofound evaluation, editorial and publication process. All information is preliminary and subject to change.Tactical In-Helmet & Push To Talk Kit - All Kenwood Multi-Pin TK & NX Series, EF Johnson VP5000 VP6000 Series
P/N: PT-IHV2-11: For Kenwood/EJ Johnson:5000, VP5230, VP5330, VP5430, VP6000, VP6230, VP6330, VP6430 & More.
- Radio Adapter
- Detachable Finger Push To Talk
- Easy Setup: No Programming Required
30 Day Fit & Function Money Back Guarantee. Purchase with Confidence.
Quick Disconnect Version AvailableNew World Record In A.C.
Apparently, the "Wheel of Death" Is Not Slang For Roulette
Over the weekend, Nik Wallenda — he of the Flying Wallendas stunt family — set two new world records when he performed the “Wheel of Death” high-wire stunt in Atlantic City this weekend, though we’re not sure we understand exactly what the “Wheel of Death” even is. [NBC 2]JUNE 2021
SNAP Households Survey -
June Results
Fresh EBT is a free mobile app that helps over 4 million low-income families manage their SNAP benefits. To understand how the circumstances in the lives of Fresh EBT users are changing, we have been conducting surveys each month.
June 2021 key findings
The following insights come from a 10-minute multiple choice and open response survey conducted by Fresh EBT to a random sample of 8,335 Fresh EBT users from June 1 - 14, 2021. All respondents are EBT cardholders.
01
Fewer Fresh EBT households paid June rent on time than in the previous two months, and a majority owe back rent/mortgage payments.
02Chicken Rice is Singapore's National Dish! Perfect as a gift or own use, it is perfect for eating for Chicken Rice such as Hainanese Chicken Rice, Roast Chicken Rice, Soya Sauce Chicken Rice, etc. Bottled traditionally in a glass bottle, the secret is in the sauce.
Ingredients: Garlic, Chili, Ginger, Calamansi juice, Sugar, Salt
Volume: 225ml per bottle
Product of SingaporeChristmas Tree Sale
Hiltingbury Infant and Junior Schools
Dine with Santa and his friends!
09:00 - 16:30
Hiltingbury Schools
The HSPTA Holiday Pack
Hiltingbury
Louise Hilton
(Chair)
Yr 4 & 6
Rebecca Hall
(Vice Chair)
Yr 3
Julia Whatley
(Treasurer)
Yr 6
Jacqui Cunningham
(Secretary)
Yr 1 & 4
Balli Bains
(Member)
Yr 2
Mohan Chantada
(Member)
Yr 3
Liz Dodd
(Member)
Yr 4
Rob Gair
(Member)
Yr 6
Charlotte Hartley
(Member)
Junior School Rep
Anna Lewis
(Member)
Yr 1
Claire Montague
(Member)
Year 3 & R
Erin Newcombe
(Member)
Yr 3 & 5
Kim Palmer-Taylor
(Member)
Yr 4
Smruthi Prasad
(Member)
Yr R
Sangit Sandhu
(Member)
Yr 5
We can’t put on these amazing events without your help. If you can help us, we still need the following volunteers:
Christmas Tree Sale (Monday 11 October)
Christmas Tree Collection Assistant 10:00 - 12:00
Christmas Tree Collection Assistant 10:00 - 12:00
Dine with Santa and his friends! (Saturday 04 December)
School decoration & grotto set-up 18:00 - 21:00
Tidy up & pack away 16:30 - 20:00
Santa's helper (Elf or Friend) 08:30 - 10:30
Santa's helper (Elf or Friend) 10:30 - 12:30
Santa's helper (Elf or Friend) 12:30 - 14:30
Santa's helper (Elf or Friend) 14:30 - 16:30
Last year we raised a phenomenal amount during the pandemic and the Schools were able to purchase much needed iPads, books and the junior school also purchased new lunch tables.
This year we would like to smash last years amount and Raised money to support both schools investing in outside learning areas.
Hiltingbury Schools Parent Teacher Association (HSPTA) is a registered charity. We raise money to help Hiltingbury Infant and Junior Schools achieve their aims and ambitions. The HSPTA is run by a group of volunteer parents with the support of the leadership teams and teaching staff from both schools.
HSPTA, Hiltingbury Schools, Hiltingbury Road, Chandlers Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 5NP
Registered with the Charity Commission as 288984
2015 - 2021 HSPTA.A white supremacist indicted this week for soliciting harm on the Internet against a Chicago juror has used the Web to seek violence more than once, according to federal authorities.
William White was arrested last week in Virginia and was accused of seeking injury to the foreman of a federal jury that convicted white supremacist Matthew Hale in 2004.
White created and maintained a website which he used to make derogatory comments and disclose personal information about Juror A, including a name, photo, home address, and phone numbers. He also allegedly used the site to solicit another person to injure the juror.
According to authorities, another posting on the same website called for violence against a Canadian civil rights leader, saying he "should be drug out into the street and shot."
Local
The supremacist's site also listed three supposed home addresses for Holocaust survivor and author Elie Wiesel.
White remains in federal custody in Virginia pending transfer to Chicago to face prosecution. If convicted, he faces a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.Foster’s vs Heineken – The Dutch Beat the Aussies
Idle […]White House to transfer $500 million in Ebola funds to combat Zika virus
Josh Earnest called the funding transfer a temporary fix
The Obama administration has decided to transfer $500 million in leftover funding from the fight against Ebola to combat the threat of the Zika virus.
Top health officials made the announcement on Wednesday after the Republican-led Congress ignored President Obama’s $1.9 billlion funding request to aid the growing threat of Zika.
“Nearly two months have passed and the situation continues to grow more critical,” Shaun Donovan, director of the White House Office of Management and Budget, told reporters on Wednesday.
“Today we reiterate our call on Congress to take immediate action to provide the full requested amount. We must scale up Zika prevention activity right now.”
White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest called the funding transfer a temporary fix and urged Congress to “do its job for a change.”
“Everybody now is predicting months in advance we are going to see more cases of Zika in the United States,” Earnest said on Wednesday. “We have an opportunity to do something about it in advance. But Congress has completely abdicated their responsibility.
House Appropriations Chairman Hal Rogers has made it clear that Congress has no plans to approve the president's funding request.
,” Rogers said in February.
“These funds can and should be prioritized to meet the most pressing needs of mounting a rapid and full response to Zika.”
Join our new commenting forum
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their repliesBy Col. Mark S. Larson, 914th Air Refueling Wing
/ Published July 03, 2019
Members of the 914 ARW,
On the eve of the 4th of July holiday I want to take the opportunity to thank you for all you do for this wing and our country. This will be the last time I celebrate this holiday as a member of the military and it has caused me to reflect more deeply on the significance of the day.
Many years ago I attended a course at the Naval War College and one of the mandatory readings was a book written by David Hackett Fischer titled, “Washington’s Crossing” which I would highly recommend. On the cover is the famous painting of Washington standing in a boat crossing the Delaware River from Pennsylvania to New Jersey on Christmas in 1776. On that night a poorly equipped and ragged army of 2,400 colonials crossed that ice-choked river in the throes of nor’easter that produced heavy snow and sleet. We all know the outcome of the event in that after marching all night through dire circumstances the colonials were able to defeat 1500 better trained and better equipped Hessian soldiers entrenched at Trenton. It was a miraculous victory; one badly needed by the demoralized colonial army which had lost EVERY battle in the previous five months and had been driven west from Long Island to Westchester and across both the Hudson and Delaware rivers to Pennsylvania.
What most people may not realize is that as pivotal as that battle was to the history of our nation, there was an event of almost equal importance that happened in the next nine days which would test the commitment and courage of those who fought for our independence. In his book David Hackett Fischer reports that because of the events in the previous five months, “George Washington’s Army had lost 90 percent of its strength. Many of the remaining troops intended to go home when their enlistments expired at the end of the year” and his enemy knew it. The revolution seemed to be hanging by a thread especially as Washington prepared for what would most certainly be a massive counter attack from the British at Trenton (which proved to be true a week later). After staying off the attack the colonials at Trenton withdrew back to Pennsylvania. The men were worn out. Many were ill and most were suffering from the effects of the harsh winter (sickness, disease, frozen face, frostbitten limbs and foot lacerations). They were utterly exhausted. Washington now faced one of his most difficult challenges. It was late December and the enlistments of many of his troops would expire on December 31. Some of his best regiments seemed most determined to depart. “If Washington hoped to remain in the field, he had to persuade some of his veterans to stay with him. He mustered the New England regiments and begged them to serve for another six weeks. A sergeant remembered that the general “personally addressed us” and told us our services were greatly needed, and that we could do more for our country than we ever could do at any future date and in the most affectionate manner entreated us to stay.” Not a man turned out. Washington wheeled his horse about rode in front of the regiment and spoke to them again. Long afterward, a sergeant still remembered his words:
“My brave fellows, you have done all I asked you to do, and more than could be reasonably expected; but your country is at stake, your wives, your houses, and all that your drums rolled again …….” An officer asked the general if the men should be enrolled, “No,” said Washington, “men who will volunteer in such a case as this need no enrollment to keep them in their duty.”
So moved by what he say John Howland wrote, “This was the time that tried both soul and body. We were standing on frozen round covered with snow. The hope of the commander-in-chief was sustained by the character of these half frozen, half-starved men that he could persuade them to volunteer for another month. He made the attempt, and it succeeded.”
These were veterans who understood what they were being asked to do. They knew well what the cost might be. One of them remembered later that nearly half of all the men who stepped forward would be killed in the fighting or dead of disease “Soon after.”
Like them all of you are volunteers who serve because of your dedication to the nation. I am proud to serve with all of you and I am grateful for the sacrifices you and your families make.
Enjoy the day tomorrow, be with family and friends and enjoy whatever traditions you may have. Fly the flag and take a moment to reflect on the blessing it is to live in this great country. Remember the sacrifice of those who won our freedom and established our constitution which we have all sworn to defend.
Respectfully,
Mark S. Larson, Col, USAF
Commander, 914th Air Refueling WingMaster of Technology in Computer Aided Design (M.Tech.CAD), is a two years postgraduate Computer Engineering degree level course of study in India. It is also known as Computer Aided Design and Drafting (CADD) program.
The aim of the study program is to prepare candidates who are able to use an advanced computer system to assist in the creation, modification, analysis for providing optimization of a design. The study provides skill knowledge and information about the process of creating a technical drawing with the use of computer software such as Auto CAD, Computer Architectural Drafting in 2D and 3D, Applied Mathematics, Surveying, Structural Design, this all are use to design object for both presentation and actual construction.
The course of study is suitable for those candidates wants to increase their knowledge for accelerating their career by exploring and acquire a critical understanding of Computer Aided Design. The course of study is designed to provide in-depth knowledge, information, techniques and about the activities associated with Computer Science and Computer Aided Design, in a comprehensive manner. The study is focused on theoretical and practical aspects and principles techniques in an academic discipline such as
Computer Graphics, Computer Application in Design, Optimization in Engineering Design, Computer Aided Manufacturing, Mechanical Behavior of Engineering Materials, Computer Integrated Design, Advanced Finite Element Analysis, Advanced Strength of Materials, Tribology in Design, composite Materials and Mechanics, Industrial Robotics & Expert System, Rapid Prototyping and Tooling, Applied Mathematics for Mechanical Engineering, Visual Programing and its Applications, Object Oriented Software Technology.
The candidate has to complete Bachelor Degree such as Bachelor of Engineering in Computers Science (BE), Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech), Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.
A new generation of product design engineers has excellent career opportunities in Colleges & Universities also in Public & Private creative and technical sectors such as Hardware Architecture, Construction, Network Design & Engineering, Software Engineering, Multimedia Design, Programming Languages, etc.
After the successful completion of the course, one can be recognized as Computer Engineer and able to work as Senior Technician (Computer Engineer), Electrical Designer, Mechanical Designer, Manufacturing Designer, Professor, Lecturer, Researcher, Automotive Designer, Process Design Engineer, Conservationist, Architectural Designer, etc.
Stay connected with us on
Today: Nov 27, 2021Featuring a beautifully constructed plastic resin frame, the Belize Folding Plastic Resin Sling Arm Chair is sure to give your customers a comfortable experience whether at an oceanside resort or community pool. The plastic resin frame comes in a variety of seperate colors and has hard wearing footpads on the bottom for extra resistance on hard surfaces such as concrete or wood. The high strength Grosfillex textilene fabric has been designed in such a way to resist discoloration, mold and mildew. All Belize Arm Chairs are ASTM rated for up to 300 lbs. allowing for all customers to have an enjoyable experience. This product comes with a 3-year commercial warranty for both the fabric and the frame and is made in the USA. Minimum order of 2.
• Made in the USA
• Minimum Order of 2
• 3 Year Commercial Warranty
• ASTM Rated for up to 300 lbs.
• High Strength Textilene Fabric
• Plastic Resin Frame with Hard Wearing Footp.MOTTA OF LIVENCE
The HRK Motta in A2 licks his wounds, but it certainly isn’t a 3.0 defeat in Cuneo that sets off the alarm bell. Against the Piedmontese team, on Sunday afternoon, we saw the worst Motta of the season, far from the usual rhythms of the first two races. The numbers are merciless. Cuneo attacked with 53% against the modest 46 of the guests, and defended with 54% against 52% of the lions. Motta’s serve badly: 15 mistakes are almost a set. “They put us in difficulty with the serve and thus put us under pressure – said Claudio Cattaneo – Cuneo played better, even on the block. We can stay there, let’s think about the next one with Castellana Grotte at home ”. Kristian Gamba, the opposite of Motta after a bitter evening, also explains the situation. “The regret of the stop is there – he added – we may not have given our best. Let’s work on what didn’t go well ”. The ranking situation. Motta slipped to fourth position at 6 points, overtaken by Cantù (7). Castellana Grotte and Santa Croce sull’Arno remain at the top with full points (9 points). In B1 Treviso spun with Duetti Giorgione first with full points, Conegliano volley last at 0. Treviso in B men remains at 3 points. In B2 Ezzelina and Asolo at 0 after two races. For the hummingbirds 12 points from Scomazzon were not enough, Asolane never started so badly in two seasons now. –
Rosario PadovanoFYI... I found this on BugTraq. I think a few people here are using vpopmail. H D Moore wrote: > > at atrophy:~ > telnet mail.myhost.com 110 > Trying A.B.C.D... > Connected to mail.myhost.com. > Escape character is '^]'. > +OK <2334.961909661 at at atrophy:~ > > > The latest release of vpopmail (4.8 - June/27/2000) can be downloaded > from . All earlier versions were > removed > from the site to prevent the spread of vulnerable releases. I have heard > of a generic exploit for any program with the same type of formatting > bug, > so please upgrade ASAP. (and no I don't have it so don't ask me ) > >. When I first found the bug, I was sure that I could overflow > tmpbuf by > expanding the size of the input fmt buffer with formatting strings. > What actually > happens is that the formatting strings aren't expanded until they are > parsed by > vsprintf() inside the syslog() function, instead of the vsprintf() > before the > syslog(). > > I want to thank Ken Jones (the maintainer/developer of vpopmail) for a > quick > response and Lamagra Argamal for his excellent mini-paper on exploiting > format > bugs. > > -HD > > >Nike Youth H86 Cap Metal Swoosh
Colour: Obsidian/Metallic Silver
Style: AV8055
TOP OFF YOUR LOOK.
The Nike Heritage86 Cap is made with Dri-FIT technology to help you stay cool. It has a classic design with an adjustable back strap for a fit that feels just right.
PRODUCT BENEFITS:
- Nike Dri-FIT technology helps you stay dry, comfortable and focused.
- Embroidered eyelets allow ventilation.
- Adjustable closure lets you customize your fit.
PRODUCT TECHNOLOGIES:
- 100% RECYCLED POLYESTERDifference between revisions of "Dusty Area"
Revision as of 14:19,. (both of these have gone and have now been replaced)..
Plans for the dusty area: The woodworking team are planning to relocate the sheet material storage, along with the CNC benches. This will enable the current wall to be cut down and rotated, which will double the size of the dusty area. This expansion will improve the safety of the area, increasing the space around the table saw e.t!I think this is the participation of time. It is diagnosed with at least 500 hours. The festival is equipped with South Korea and Havana girls from a cabinet, Catano Rolex Replica Watches Electric de Berio, Gilberrogil and Raise the Gaga and Tony the net. Measure this clock formation.
Rolex Yachtmaster 2 Real Vs Fake
The Talus of Churchill and Oak is widely used in the history of human history in the 20th century. Our certification is as follows. The certificate indicating the authenticity and visibility of the Swiss authority shall indicate the point of the point and the clock movement certificate.
High frequency transformations can increase accuracy, but still need more power. Waves and songs through the scale through the Indian Sea replica michele watches are similar to roaming. Test and strict requirements The blue side clock has special best swiss replica watches ideas. The Odyssey model mixes more reflective products between increasing compression. Hot
Check this class business – key to online purchase. High vibration up to 4 Hz (28,800 hour vibrations). There are different brands to make a movie. Have a different equipment of a crane.If you go to Christmas and he is not important you have to do better.
This concept is two buttons to adjust the front or rear of the hand. Especially large soft vibrations sing a unique light.
Dark tones, stone hand, sand material with sand.The current transaction committee provides the entire diamond list. In the beginning of 3714 there was no time. He issued a bright color and humor. Pure red pink ceramics. This work is inspired for a while. The most important thing is to calculate and test individual principles. Today, Baywo RD presents three “army stories” that can be chosen. A large part of the show is a technology that focuses on the coca roll. After using two batteries, we can go to industrial fake diamond watches for mens manufacturers to improve clocks. For example, after 10 years of leaving plants, it will be restored. Other features are equipped fake watches with Rolex Core, sophisticated nut, wire and automated system.
In addition, the player specializes in the city of God’s Festival.
He cooperates with many art director of the company. However, if diving is required, metal is not suitable. Lost other debris with another Rolex watch replicas Replica Watches Electric oil. At the same time I gave him hand after the hour, but I changed my bracelet with a rope and changed the rope again. Jaeger-Lecoultre plays an important role in history since 1833 and has always produced 2231 models. Since Rolex Replica Watches Electric the beginning of 2014, the National Assembly fake rolex cheap received the most beautiful prize replica diamond watches for young Rolex Replica Watches Electric people.
Inspectors, beetle, crown, bucket, weapons and rocks are 18. Improving the complaint of men and women You should start completing about 100 fields. The battle and group joined the diamond definitions and definitions.In everyday life, the belt rolex submariner replica is an important tool. Internal use of mechanical movement. This is due to knowledge of best replica watches review knowledge. Together (the next area is the essence of the world in the world.
Cheap Swiss Movement Replica Watches
Getting Started, Fastest, Fast and Quick Update Updates. Check in detail the information. The movement of automatic winding and OCEA catalyst is “equal to high”. It is less than 40 years old and the new car is about $ 120, and the bicycle is about $ 150.
However, she will not stop using the sea. Recently list announced that Zurich Switzerland Switzerland new time. NOMOS ZURICH. The importance of the exhibition rolex replicas for sale amazon form is that many Americans come here to see art. He has a special attraction is great. The constant beauty Rolex Replica Watches Electric of the clock described by Audemars Piguet is a combination of technology. It can be used for 34 mm and 38 mm models. We offer updates to the latest equipment and elevators for more fake rolex than 150 years.Special work, traditional leather packaging.Good used John Deere Snow Plow, shows normal use, overall in solid, working condition, no rust holes or rot. Does not come with front lift kit, see pictures for exact condition and what is included. The item “John Deere X300 X320 X340 X360 X500 X520 X530 X540 44 Front Snow Blade Plow” is in sale since Saturday, September 18,_7<<South East parents could be missing out on hundreds in childcare support On 30th September 201930th September 2019 By peterlongden Survey reveals nearly a third of working parents in South East are unaware of government’s tax-free childcare scheme 97% of working parents in the South East feel that childcare costs are too highIncomes can’t cope with increasing childcare costs – nearly a fifth of those earning more than £40,000 per annum say childcare is unaffordable85% of part-time working parents in the South East would consider% Chartered Accountants,.”:Today was one of the worst days I've had in several, several months - Essentially it was one of those days where if anything could go wrong, it certainly did. Well, the day's almost over and I was wanting to get a big buzz tonight after all that, but I decided against it. Instead, how about review a newish beer that I recently purchased without thinking about it?
I absolutely love Halifax's Garrison Brewing's beers, they were one of the first non-local craft breweries I really enjoyed. I think my first review was their Imperial IPA, which at the time I said was expensive at $5.00 for a 500mL bottle, which now looking back.. I'll spend $7 on a 473mL can without blinking.. oh how the times change, but I was unemployed back then so I guess I just couldn't afford to really buy beer at all at that time.
Today's Garrison review is their Wicked Good New England-style Pale Ale. I regularly buy their Juicy Double IPA, which I find to be a great substitute to a New England IPA when you just can't find one. I've stated many times in the past that I'm bored of the NEIPA trend, but on a day like today I could really go for the taste of a beer tasting like juice!
Appearance: As you can probably tell, there's a lot of head on this head.. very thick and off-white. It took about 20 minutes for it to finally be minimal enough so I could finally get a chance to take a sip of this beer. The body is a thick, orange juice-like appearance, yet it's not as hazy as some NEIPAs when closer to the base of the glass.
Aroma: There's a moderate tropical fruit sweetness popping up in this beer.. not overly juicy like many of the style that I've had in the past. Light amount of floral hop presence, and a light sweet wet barley smell.
Taste: I'm not really getting much of the typical over-the-top sweet & juicy flavour that a good NE(I)PA typically has, rather it tastes like how a NE(I)PA would taste if I had a really bad cold.. there's definitely something there but it's light on taste. There is a bit of orange peel, a bit of a Five Alive kind of taste to it, and a slight bitter aftertaste at the end. I like the sweetness but I want a serious punch from this beer.
Overall Thoughts: Even though I bought this fairly recently, I took a look at the bottom of the can to see what the canning date was - September 25, 2018, so not exactly fresh but definitely not yet at the point where it tastes oxidized or off. It was a nice beer but I'm picky when it comes towards the New England style after being lucky enough to sample NEIPAs in Vermont immediately before the style became a huge trend all over the continent. If I see it again, I'll probably buy it again but I'll check the canning date first before hand.Playback Speed
- 0.5x
- 1x (Normal)
- 1.25x
- 1.5x
- 2x
Trigonometry for Physics (Mathematics for High School Physics, part 3)
Edouard RENY, Music Producer & Tutor in Physics
Watch this class and thousands more
Watch this class and thousands more
Lessons in This Class
1. Trigonometry for Physics2:05
2. What is an Angle?10:06
3. Trigonometry Basics.10:42
4. Training exercises.10:58
5. The Unit Circle15:37
6. The Unit Circle (advanced)8:24
- --
- Beginner level
- Intermediate level
- Advanced level
- All levels
- Beg/Int level
- Int/Adv level
Community Generated
The level is determined by a majority opinion of students who have reviewed this class. The teacher's recommendation is shown until at least 5 student responses are collected.
261
Students
--
Projects
About This Class
In High School Physics, maths is just a tool… like a hammer or a screwdriver. This course shows you how to use such a tool, in the perspective of a physicist, meaning a practical perspective.
This course contains three sections divided in three classes:
1 - Algebra for Physics
2 - Vectors for Physics
3 - Trigonometry for Physics (the class you are consulting now)
This class “Trigonometry for Physics”, teaches the trigonometric notions students needs while following a Physics course at high school level.
Section 3 – Episode 1: What is an angle?
This first episode of the Trigonometry section goes back to basics by discussing what are angles and how to convert and manipulate them.
Section 3 – Episode 2: Introduction to trigonometry.
This episode is an introduction to trigonometry: It teaches what is a cosine, what is a sine, what is a tangent and how to use these. This episode links these notions to the coordinates of a vectors: This is where the student realizes that all pieces of knowledge seen up to now start matching each other like in a puzzle.
Section 3 – Episode 3: Training exercises with vectors and trigonometry.
The third episode is a set of applied physics exercises that blend trigonometric notions with vectors. If the student works on these exercises diligently by following the instructions in the video, he/she will learn to master the link between vectors and trigonometry.
Section 3 – Episode 4: The Unit Circle.
The 4th episode presents the Unit Circle, a notion most students will have already heard about. This video shows how extremely useful this representation can be in Physics. This video is full of tips!
Section 3 – Episode 5: The Unit Circle (advanced).
The last video of this course goes a little deeper in the unit circle by showing how to represent graphically other trigonometric functions such as tan, co-tan, sec and cosec.
Meet Your Teacher I... See full profile
Hands-on Class Project
All episodes (except episode 2) contain many very useful exercises.
If you prefer working on them offline, feel free to download the corresponding pdf files (2 files for each episode :1 for questions, 1 forGift Man
A unique gift shop, offering, Brooklyn and New York City souvenir gifts.
A unique gift shop, offering, Brooklyn and New York City souvenir gifts.
Brooklyn Gifts.
Brooklyn Classic Embroidery, Here at Gift Man, we have a 15 needle embroidery machine and we do custom embroidery on all sorts of products including apparel, hats, tote bags, towels, banners and more. Most of our baseball caps , totes...
Use this section to help customers find the products they're looking for.
A unique gift and souvenir shop, offering Brooklyn and New York City themed products. Located in Park Slope, Brooklyn at 176 5th Ave. Brooklyn, NY 11217
718-499-0721133 Arnell Way: 4 Bed Single Family Detached.
Interior Details
Building Details
Lot Information
Room Dimensions
Listed with:
Pemberton Holmes - Salt Spring
Abstract
In this study, we focused on the automatic scoring of medical clinical abilities. The objective clinical ability tests that all undergraduate students take before starting clinical practice were considered. As these tests evaluate practical skills, there is a problem that the learning method is poor compared to the examination of other lectures. Therefore, in this study, we recorded the voice of a student examining a simulated patient using a microphone. We constructed a system comprising a speech recognition module and a scoring system that performed automatic scoring by checking against a prepared example answer. This system was evaluated by medical doctors.
Publication series
Conference
ASJC Scopus subject areas
- Signal Processing
- Biomedical Engineering
- Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition
- Health InformaticsNeeding a quiet place to think? We're here to support you. Our flexible, shared workspace has…
Can Do Crieff Business Club
Join the Club!
From September there is an exciting new opportunity for anyone starting a business or developing their existing business in Strathearn ……The Business Club. Can Do Crieff is partnering with Strathearn Strategic Consulting to offer a 6 month programme with a host of benefits to help you turn your business idea into a reality or to support you as you grow and develop your business. The programme will be fully funded, so all you need to invest is your time, energy and commitment.
If this sounds like an opportunity you would like to take up, register your interest and apply via this short form by Monday 30 August. The programme will start on Monday 6 September. If you have any questions or would like to find out a bit more, Trystan can be contacted on trystan@strathearnstrategicconsulting.co.uk.
This Post Has 0 CommentsTravel by train between Zurich, Switzerland and Mosbach, 11/26/21. Remember to check the latest COVID-19 travel safety regulations for your train to Mosbach from Zurich closer to your date of departure here
The current restriction level for your return trip by train from Mosbach to Zurich is: Partially open
Reentry to Switzerland is allowed for: Entry is partially open for citizens and permanent residents of Germany Zurich from Mosbach here.
When taking the train between Zurich and Mosbach, you can choose to depart from train stations like Zürich HB, Zürich Stadelhofen and Zürich, Central Bus Station. Your journey can end in train stations such as Mosbach-Neckarelz, Mosbach (Baden) and Mosbach West.
Omio customers who travel this route most frequently depart from Zürich HB and arrive in Mosbach-Neckarelz.
Passengers booking this trip most frequently board their trains from Zürich HB and need to travel around 1 mile (s) / 1 km from the city center to get to this train station.
Passengers arriving in Mosbach most often arrive at Mosbach-Neckarelz and need to travel around 1 mile (s) / 2 km from this train station to the city center.
Here are some other resources that might have the information you need.
Nutrition Information
Ingredients
Sugar, Unbleached Enriched Flour (Wheat Flour, Niacin, Reduced Iron, Thiamine Mononitrate {Vitamin B1}, Riboflavin {Vitamin B2}, Folic Acid), Palm and/or Canola Oil, Peanut Butter (Cry ... Hello, Stampers!
I am excited to share some projects using some of the fun new stamps and dies from Divinity Designs!
This is my first ever concertina card! The die set from Divinity Designs made it so very easy to create what appears to be a very complicated design. They even provide dies for the layers so you don’t have to measure those either! Check out the fun birds! They are from The Snowbirds Stamp/Die Duo!
I used the following products from DD on this card:
Stamps: Snowbirds
Dies: Concertina Card with Layers, Circles, Scalloped Circles, Sentiment Strips, A2 Landscape Card Base with Layer, Matting Rectangle, Merry Christmas & Layers, Pine Branches
Paper: Christmas Collection 2020
This is the front of my concertina card!
My second card for the new release features the Christmas Candle Lantern Die. I love that it includes a chain as well as a post to add to the versatility of the die set!
Dies: Slimline Card Base, Slimline Rectangles, Pierced Ovals, Christmas Candle Lantern, Merry Christmas Caps
Paper: Shine Bright Paper Pad – Slimline Sized
My final card for the new release features the fun bears from the Beary Christmas Stamp/Die Duo. These bears are having so much fun out in the snow!
Stamps: Beary Christmas Stamp/Die Duo
Dies: Slimline Card Base, Slimline Rectangles, Slimline Rounded Windows, Slimline Curvy Slopes, Slimline Clouds, Trees & Deer, Sentiment Strips
Paper: Christmas Collection 2019 Paper Pad
Please checkout the Divinity Designs Blog to see what the other design team members have created with this fun new release!
Happy stamping!
Melody
4 thoughts on “December Release from Divinity Designs”
I knew when I saw the beautiful red concertina card that it was yours! Your lantern is spectacular-i can’t get over that glowing candle! And I love your sweet snow bear scene-you create the best slimline cards! Great job with this release!
Thank you so very, very much, Avra! You are so kind, and your kindness has brightened my day! 😃
As always, your cards are amazing. DD continues to release designs that are so detailed and they have the best designers. Great cards, Melody.
Thank you so much, Mary! I am having lots of fun with this release! 😃Rockville, MD Author Publishes Humorous Memoir
July 14, 2021 (PRLEAP.COM) Entertainment NewsI'm Too Dumb To Be Friends With, a new book by Steve Cohen, has been released by Dorrance Publishing Co., Inc.
We all know the feeling, when we've made that stupid mistake or a wacky assumption, right? Well, I'm Too Dumb to be Friends With is a delightful account of many such instances in a man's life, all wrapped up in good feelings and love.
About the Author
Steve Cohen lives and works as a loan officer in Rockville, MD with his wife Kim and kids Emily and Daniel. His favorite things (besides spending time with his family and friends) are: his dog Rocky, backgammon, cigars, going to the shore in Margate, NJ, working out on his Peloton, Dairy Queen (vanilla cone with chocolate dip), Seinfeld, Philly sports, online Scrabble, Charles Barkley, and Bell Biv DeVoe.
I'm Too Dumb To Be Friends With is an 82-page paperback with a retail price of $11.00 (eBook $6.00). The ISBN is 978-1-6366-1390Episode 3
Defeating Enemies of Strategy with guest Leary Gates
June 11th, 2018
17 mins 25 secs
About this Episode
There is an expectation for leaders to be strategic. In his work, Leary Gates has found the majority of CEO's spend their time in their business and not on their business. In the second part of his conversation with Bob Willbanks, Leary shares practical ways for leaders to overcome obstacles to strategy.
Find Leary Gates:
Leary Gates - Venture Coach:
Strategic CEO:
Bold Idea Podcast:/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/31843061/485547271.0.jpg)
The Dallas Stars proved a worthy adversary once again on Friday night but ultimately found unforced errors to be their undoing in a rather demoralizing 3-2 loss to the Anaheim Ducks.
The Stars opened the scoring on the power play after Jamie Benn drew a spearing penalty from Corey Perry, with Alex Chiasson finishing off a beautiful tick-tack-toe triangle passing play down low. The Stars would continue to control play through most of the first period and really put the pressure on Anaheim with an aggressive forecheck and some truly outstanding defensive backchecking by the forewards, but it wasn't enough to keep the Ducks off the scoreboard.
Eric Cole, fighting through some chewed up ice along the boards, tried to move the puck into the middle and it picked off by Ryan Getzlaf who roofed a shot in tight to tie the game just a few minutes before the end of the period.
The second on paper went well for the Stars up until the final few minutes of the frame, once again. The Ducks were able to slowly seize the momentum and tilt the ice in their favor, yet Dallas was able to get into lanes and block shots and survived lengthy cycles by Anaheim without surrendering too many prime chances. Yet again, however, it was a turnover that doomed the Stars.
A hot pass from Tyler Seguin to Jamie Benn was quickly burped up to Corey Perry, who drew back and ripped a powerful shot in stride past Kari Lehtonen to give the Ducks the lead and all the momentum in the game. The Stars had slowly been pulled off their game by the relentless forecheck and aggression by the Ducks and the strategy has certainly worked so far -- the Ducks have feasted on Dallas turnovers and both goals were the product of turnovers with a Duck right in the face of the Stars.
The same problems from the first game continued to plague the Stars in the third; Dallas came out charging hard to open the final frame, but couldn't cash in on several very prime opportunities before drawing a delay of game penalty to once again test their troubled power play.
Instead, the Ducks took advantage of a blown slashing call to score shorthanded on a fire drill in front of Kari Lehtonen. It was the third goal in which Lehtonen went down low and the shot went high, and suddenly the Stars were facing another two-goal deficit in the third period and all of the momentum on the side of the Ducks.
Ryan Garbutt made the game interesting by atoning for a bad first period penalty and scoring off a rebound midway through the third period, kicking off a long stretch of near-dominant play by the Stars that saw a lot of pressure but not a heck of a lot of actual rubber on net. Once there were about five minutes remaining in regulation the Stars really turned on the afterburners and were foiled several times on some prime chances by Freddie Andersen.
The Stars would be afforded a crucial power play with just under three minutes remaining, in a game where the man-advantage was anything but effective. Kari Lehtonen was pulled with just over 90 seconds remaining to give the Stars a short-lived two-man advantage and the siege yielded some big chances -- but ultimate the effort late in the game was not going to be enough.
The Stars once again put the pressure on Anaheim but costly turnovers and some rather unfortunate goaltending would be their downfall. The Stars now head back to Dallas facing a near-insurmountable 2-0 deficit in this series and now it's all about trying their hardest to make this interesting.
We'll have further observations on this game later tomorrow.One of the key services that we at Overthinking It provide our loyal readers – for absolutely FREE! – is inventing words for concepts you didn’t know needed words. Like the Ghost Ship Moment, for instance. A $19.99 value, yours free just for subscribing.
Today, we let you in on another explosive concept that will unlock your minds to new levels of movie criticism: the benchmark movie.
A benchmark movie stands right on the border between two different classes of movies. Consider the blended genre of “dark comedy.” Serial Mom might be a good example of a benchmark movie for dark comedy. Anything darker than Serial Mom is an outright dark movie; anything funnier than Serial Mom is a straight-up comedy. Serial Mom is the benchmark of dark comedy: the signpost on the border.
You can also use benchmark movies as a standard for movie quality. Anything worse than your benchmark is “bad”; anything better than your benchmark is “good.” The benchmark movie is the perfect median.
A benchmark movie is inherently personal, however. Everyone has different tastes. So the Overthinkers will each contribute some benchmarks of their own. Once you’ve read through ours, post your own in the comments!
Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves – McNeil
There are two ways to go here. Either you choose a movie that’s pretty good all around or you choose a movie that has a perfect balance of good and bad. The former might be perfectly middling, but the latter’s the one you’re going to remember. To me, there’s one movie that is perfectly worthy of both our love and our hate, our respect and our disdain: Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves, which owns a middling 58% score on Rotten Tomatoes.
Writing: The film falls into a lot of traps. Writers Pen Desham and John Watson take the classic Robin Hood story, then toss in an unnecessary devil worship subplot that features a lot of egg cracking and cackling that doesn’t do much for the plot, the other characters, or the movie as a whole. The writers save themselves by a really interesting bit of character development. The “spoiled rich boy tempered in the crucible of war” theme gives the whole movie a weight that the classic tale lacks (and which Ebert hated) undercuts the usual inevitability in the relationship between Robin and Marian.
Acting: Costner’s accent is notoriously bad, distracting even from a few moments of solid emotional development and ass-kicking. Slater as the petulant brother is actually worse, but he’s on screen far less often. Most of the other characters are solid, but the whole thing is saved by one of the great
ham-fisted performances of all time, Alan Rickman as the Sheriff of Nottingham. So very, very good. Fire good. Costner bad.
Action: Some solid ambushes and an object lesson in the strategic weaknesses of treehouses make for some of exciting stuff, but the final swordfight is sort of routine.
Music: Score by Michael Kamen, soaring and exciting in a 1991 sort-of-way that’s been stuck in my head for 18 years. On the other hand, Academy Award nominated original song by Bryan Adams. (This predates YouTube by more than a decade, why is it still the first suggestion in the search bar when you type “everything”?)
Half awesome, half awful: the perfect rubric.
PS. Apparently, this 1991 movie about medieval England was able to predict the outcome of the
2004 1992 general election: “The popularity of over-scored, “let’s hug” bullshit like Robin Hood predicts the certainty of a one-term George H.W. presidency better than any number of Gallup polls,” says Walter Chaw of Film Freak Central.”
No time to over-think, except that you call Alan Rickman’s performance in Robin Hood “ham-fisted.” That means a very bungled performance, but you then say it’s very good. Do you mean his hammed-up performance, in which he would be over-acting? Or … something else? /confused
I have a few benchmark movies based on genre. All of them are closer to the bad end of the spectrum as opposed to being dead center but I still enjoy them and use them as a benchmark.
Action: The Scorpion King starring Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson. Remember when The Rock actual made acceptable movies? I certainly do. While it does have a pretty cliched plot and some questionable dialogue, the action is well done. It also has Michael Clarke Duncan in the role he was meant to play: large, angry pesudo-antagonist to the hero.
Superhero: Ghost Rider, starring Nicholas Cage. It’s faithful enough to the source material to keep my inner Comic Book Guy in check. Cage’s acting switches between being just a bit over-the-top and being too hammy for it’s own good. Special effects aren’t the greatest in the world but they get the job done. It also has a great driving sequence with Ghost Riders in the Sky.
Thriller: Trauma. The name of the lead escapes me but I’ll admit I picked this film up on a whim. It has a decent mystery with a slow burn. The climax has several unexpected reveals within a few minutes of another. They aren’t ultimately satisfying but they do allow the film to end on a disturbing note. It doesn’t hold up under intense scurtiny but given the limited information the viewer is given, it stands up well on its own.
Hate to nitpick an otherwise enlightening article, but your post-script at the end of page 1 loses a lot of its steam when one recalls that “George H.W.” actually refers to Dubya’s dad — meaning that the 1991 movie really only only (supposedly) predicted the results of the 1992 election. (And accurately, at that.)
Keep up the good work! :)
Good call, Jon. My reading kung fu is weak. With apologies to Film Freak Central…
I dunno… I think ham-fisted but awesome is a great way to describe that performance. Ham-fisted doesn’t really mean bungled, it means something like clumsy, too forceful, bereft of subtlety. Like, Carmina Burana is really, REALLY ham-fisted. That doesn’t mean it’s not also good.
So while a ham-fisted surgeon is always bad, a ham-fisted boxer can sometimes do pretty well, and a ham-fisted performance can be brilliant. My nominations for greatest of all time would be Rickman in Robin Hood, Charlton Heston in The Ten Commandments, and Joan Crawford in Straight Jacket.
@stokes: And anything by Brian Blessed. If anyone doesn’t know who he is, look him up and be delighted.
The Boondock Saints is my benchmark. The casting was excellent, the production values so-so, the story semi-forgettable, and the action more than satisfying.
To me, it screams benchmark because it was good enough to warrant a sequel, but not popular enough that it is sill considered a cult hit.
Also, anything with Alan Rickman is awesome by default. The rest of the movie may suck, but Snape/Grueber/Marvin is great.
Aaaah, “Robin Hood: Prince of Theives.” Alan Rickman as the Sheriff of Nottingham is why I say I’ll stab/cut out someone’s eyes with a spoon (jokingly, of course). Best scene evar? “Because it’s dull, you twit, it’ll hurt more.” Over-acted, but so fantastic. And random trivia about the song: Kamen hated it and didn’t want to incorporate it into the score very much because he thought the piano sounded too modern. No problems with the guitar, bass, or drums, though. (Thanks, “Pop Up Video.”)
Greg: I like “Boondock Saints” as an example of that particular action movie, i.e. a gun-fight one. It’s lack of any sort of car chase sequence sets it apart from, say, the third “Die Hard,” a potential benchmark for the genre of action in general.Crewe Alexandra boss David Artell believes that his young striker Lewis Reilly is ‘the best finisher at the club’ and he says the Liverpudlian is doing everything right to make sure he is given another opportunity at first-team level.
Reilly, 18, has only been given a couple of minutes against Newcastle United U-23s in the Checkatrade Trophy this season but his continued goalscoring form for our Development Squad is certainly catching the eye. Reilly was on target once again for Alex Morris’ side against Burnley on Monday afternoon.
Artell told the club’s official website: “Lewis is the best finisher at the club and I would say that with our three senior strikers in the room as well. He is a natural finisher and that is a talent you cannot often buy.
“He seems to know exactly where the goal is and he has scored a lot of goals at Youth level. It is remarkable when you consider that he played most of his Academy football as a centre midfielder. It was only when the coaches here felt he didn’t have the athleticism to get around the pitch enough that we switched him to centre-forward. They saw him as another Rickie Lambert.
“His genetics mean he won’t be a ratter like Dagnall or physically as good as Bowery or Porter but he could be our Billy Kee. We know how good Billy is, he is one of the best forwards in the lower leagues. Lewis could be that.
“I am delighted with the way he is going. He wants to do well. He is a tough Scouser and knows what he wants. His mentality is good.
"He scored a hatful at Radcliffe last season and they were desperate to keep him but he went above that level.
Dave added: “I don’t think a loan would suit him at the moment. He has to keep doing what he is doing and his chance will come. I don’t want to big him up too much but he is coming along really nicely. He has to keep it going.”A proof of concept to trial an innovative watermarking solution was tested at last month’s Women’s World Cup in Paris.
Independent. Since 2003
Broadband TV News is the Industry’s No.1 Information Provider bringing news, analysis and comment on the delivery of digital television, around Europe and the World.
Contact: Chris Griffin Commercial Director Tel: +44 7590 522475Manifesting As Signs & Wonders Unlocking The Unstoppable You Regardless Of Where You Are Now!
.
Don’t excuse yourself with any “excuse” regardless of who you are; in spite of where you are. You can rise to the top and stay there as a sign and wonder to all.
This Book shows you how. It has a mandate: To manifest you as a sign and a wonder regardless of where you are now. If you can receive its contents and act upon it, Your uprising from wherever you may be today to the top will be inevitable.
Truly, you can’t rule the world being at the bottom. You cannot he visibly seen as a sign and wonder when you are there. The top is meant for you. Are you set: and determined to get there? Then read this book prayerfully, receive its content wholeheartedly and apply it purposefully and your manifestation will undoubtedly be evident to all. God bless you!
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.At our institution Bridge is standard of care. Everyone knows that if we start a high-risk procedure, we are going to prophylactically use Bridge. It is a mandatory step."
Raul Weiss
MD
Lead extraction for CIED infection can be a life-saving procedure. Yet, over 65% of CIED infection patients are treated inappropriately6. Any patient with a CIED and an infection should be referred quickly for a lead extraction consultation, as data shows delaying lead extraction can lead to mortality.6-7
Also, >80% of patients with a noninfectious indication for lead extraction have their leads capped and abandoned.8 The risks of capping a lead include the increased risk of infection,8 worse outcomes and increased difficulty of a future extraction,8 increased risk of venous occlusion9-11 and MRI contraindication.12-13 Lead extraction has a 99.72% procedural safety rate14 and a 97.7% clinical success rate.14 Capping and abandoning leads poses significant risks that can be mitigated proactively with safe lead extraction15. It is an HRS Class I indication for physicians and patients to discuss the risks of lead abandonment and the risks of lead extraction.5
Philips is dedicated to helping physicians and patients manage every lead – safely, responsibly, predictably.
SVC tear survival rate
A multi-year study showed proper Bridge utilization increased SVC tear survival from 56.4% to 88.2%3
How would you improve EP procedures?
What do you think about IGT solutions? Are we on the right track? Connect with us via #futureofIGT
Philips image-guided therapy offers innovative solutions for Atrial Fibrillation procedures and we are leading the way in Electrophysiology.Click here to learn more
GlideLight Laser Sheath Important Safety Information
Indications for Use
The Laser Sheath is intended for use as an adjunct to conventional lead extraction tools in patients suitable for transvenous removal of chronically implanted pacing or defibrillator leads constructed with silicone or polyurethane outer insulation.
Contraindications
Use of the Laser Sheath is contraindicated:/> Podcast: Play in new window | Download (Duration: 27:00 — 37.1MB)Subscribe: Apple Podcasts | Google Podcasts | Spotify | Pandora | iHeartRadio | Stitcher | Email | Deezer | RSS In this episode, Alay Yajnik and Jennifer Bennett, Partner at Consilitas, discuss how using recruiters can help small law firms win the war for talent and staff up with great people. Tweetable Moments: “Small firms have this flexibility to build your practice in a way that maybe you’re not able to where you are.” – Jennifer Bennett “When you go the job board route, you’re limited to people who are unhappy where they are.” – Jennifer Bennett “Getting good at hiring is a skill that every firm needs to have.” – Alay Yajnik “If you haven’t made a bad hire yet, you will. Hire through that and get better and better at hiring.” – Jennifer Bennett, partner at Consilitas. Jennifer, how are you doing today? Jennifer Bennett: I’m doing great, how are you doing? Alay Yajnik: I’m doing very well. Thanks for joining me on the podcast today. Tell us a little bit about your background, because it’s very compelling. And then why you decided to found KBF Search. Jennifer Bennett: Sure. So I have spent the first 20 years of my professional career recruiting inside law firms, mostly AMLAW 100 firms, but one smaller firm as well. I’m not a lawyer myself. I moved out to California from the East Coast with the intention of working as a paralegal for a couple of years and going to law school and didn’t quite work out that way. Jennifer Bennett: But what did happen is I ended up having 20 pretty fun years working in inside law firms, which I know sounds a little bit weird, but I thought it was a lot of fun. My most recent role, I was the Director of Partner Recruiting for a firm based on the East Coast, but the role was national. So I got to fly all over the country recruiting lawyers. We opened an office in Dallas during that time, which was really fun. And so I really just grew to love working with lawyers. They’re smart, driven people and people that I love to work with and help. And so I really enjoy that. Sometime in 2019 I kind of got to the tipping point where I found that more of my day was spent doing managerial, managing my team and being involved in firm initiatives and firm management projects, which was interesting. But the part that I really loved – recruiting – had really shrunk into a really small part of my day to day. And so I just felt like I needed to think about a change. And I really wanted the opportunity to work with different firms, smaller firms, be able to pick my clients and my projects, and maybe most importantly, to build a business the way that I’d seen the partners around me do for so many years. Jennifer Bennett: So fortuitously, my now business partner, Kelly Fiore, was a recruiter whose client I had been for years and years, and we were meeting for drinks to talk about a deal. We were trying to get done and started talking about life and careers and, not for the first time, she said, “Hey, wouldn’t it be fun for us to work together?” She had just gone out on her own and it went from there. The rest is history. And so just celebrated one year. Alay Yajnik: How has your first year been? Jennifer Bennett: Well, I mean, how has 2020 been for all of us, right? I mean, it was very good. I’ve never been happier than when I talk to, you know, small business owners, small firm owners. I hear a lot of what I feel, which is I wish I had done it sooner. I love the freedom to work on the projects that I like to work on. I have loved working with a lot of small firms this year. That’s something that being inside a big firm, I didn’t really get to do that kind of work. And so it’s been great and, you know, 2020 for a lot of people was a year of examination. Right. What’s important and what do I want to be doing with the bulk of my day? And so career and transition plays into that. And so I had the opportunity to work on some really rewarding projects. And I’m looking forward to now having a year under my belt. I’ve learned a few things and seeing what we can do in 2021. Alay Yajnik: Yeah, 2020 was crazy. Some people were thriving. A lot of people were really struggling just to get through the year and most of us were somewhere in the middle. So congratulations on starting your firm and on having a successful first year, pretty much by any measure and within those circumstances that’s really extraordinary. So congrats on that. Alay Yajnik: You mentioned that you would start doing more work with small firms. So what is it that you enjoy about working with small firms maybe versus working with some of the larger firms? Jennifer Bennett: I mean, I think the first thing that comes to mind is the impact you can have when you help a small firm really find a great hire. The very first placement that I did with my new business was for a six lawyer firm. And the partner who brought me into the project said “this hire has changed my life.” She had been looking for months to add somebody and just didn’t know how to go about doing it and wasn’t having luck. And that’s just not something you hear as often when you work with a larger organization. The impact that you can have with a single person is just, you know, by virtue of the numbers, it’s less so that that is the first thing that comes to mind. I also just love a build. I mean, my favorite part of any of my big firm jobs was building an office or building a practice group from the ground up. And there’s more of that to be done, I think, with small firms and really partnering with the owners and the other folks who are involved with the management in really digging in and helping them grow. So I find it very rewarding and quite frankly, pretty fun. Alay Yajnik: It’s very similar to what I like to work with small firms, too, because we can really move the needle. And when we do, it has a big, big impact, doesn’t it? Jennifer Bennett: Sure does. Yeah. Alay Yajnik: So that’s a lot of fun and one of the one of the things I want to get out of the way up front right away, I have heard from attorneys that recruiters are too expensive for small firms. I hear that all the time. But you’ve worked with a lot of small firms. How do you respond to that? Jennifer Bennett: That’s a great question, and I hear it, too, and I heard it when I was in big firms too. So I mean, it’s out there. It’s a common complaint. So, yeah, I’m happy to address that. When I talk to small firms and we’re talking about the possibility of working together, there’s kind of three things that that I used to respond to that that line of query or that that comment. I think ultimately it comes down to time allocation. I know myself as a small business owner. There’s so many things to do and only so many hours in the day. And so I’m always asking myself, what’s the highest and best use of my time? And frequently that helps me figure out that there’s pieces of my business, that I’m better off allocating financial resources to somebody who’s really an expert in that area, who can do it more efficiently and effectively. And so that’s that’s the same question or comment that I bring back to small firm owners is, you know, are you feeling like the time you’re spending trying to recruit yourself is pulling you away from other parts of your practice that that are more important. And so that’s where I start. I think the other thing, quite honestly, some small firms do a great job of recruiting for themselves. They know who their candidate pool is. They’ve got a great network. And I’m really honest with the small firms I talk to who are in that situation that I’m not sure I can add much value. So maybe it doesn’t make sense for us to work together. And I think that’s that’s great. But far more often than what I uncover when I talk to them is what they’re doing is sort of passively recruiting: throwing up job postings or using websites where you’re really only getting active job seekers. Jennifer Bennett: You’re not getting those candidates or those lawyers that are just knocking it out of the park where they are, but kind of haven’t realized that there might be a better option for them. So that’s where I can really come in and move my clients from defense to offense. And this was the same thing I said when I was inside big firms. You know, it’s very much the way even in big firms with sophisticated recruiting functions, that a lot of the partners, the way that they recruit is they they wait for the resumes to come in and there’s no sort of forward proactive effort. So that’s the other piece I talk about with small firms. And finally (and I don’t lead with this) it’s mostly true in most cases, most of my engagements as I work on contingency. So there’s really no risk to a firm to start working with me and see what I can what I can bring to the table for them, because they don’t it doesn’t cost them anything until they hire someone. And so and I bring a lot of value along the way because in the process of uncovering what they’re looking for, we talk about everything from does this hire fit with your strategic plan? How are we going to pitch your firm to the market? And sometimes I can help them improve their hiring process, too. So sometimes it’s actually the opposite. Firms are getting all my time and some of the expertise that I’ve built over the years and sometimes there’s no placement at the end of that. So they’re they’re getting a lot of value for for virtually no cost. Alay Yajnik: So, Jennifer, one of the things you mentioned that really struck with me is when you work with small law firms, you help them build a case for why an attorney that is already employed and is knocking it out of the park at another firm, should come work for this law firm. And I run into this a lot when I talk to my clients about the war for talent and how they can position their small firms. What are you seeing that small firms can do, how they can position themselves, to win that war for talent against some of the larger firms that are out there? Jennifer Bennett: Well, I think there’s a lot of things small firms can do, but the biggest thing is it’s an education process. I think lawyers who grow up in big firms and frankly, I mean, I can say this for myself as somebody who is a creature mostly of the big firm environment, is you really don’t understand when you’re in a big firm that there is so much great, rewarding, profitable work to do outside of the big firm environment. You sort of drink the Kool-Aid, as they say, right? You think, “oh, I can’t there’s no better place to be kind of unhappy and maybe a little miserable.” And I’m talking from a lawyer’s perspective here because I think we all know that there’s a lot of, you know, at least semi-miserable lawyers at some large firms. So I think it’s a matter of education. And this is where I can really come in and help, because one of the things I enjoy doing the most is working with a lawyer who maybe is thinking about leaving the practice of law because they’re so unhappy where they are or they’ve just gotten to this position where they’re, you know, just their situation, the demands on their time. You know, it’s untenable for them, but they don’t think they have another option. So they start looking at all these crazy places or assume, “Oh, the only thing I can do is go in-house.” But no, actually, there’s so many great options and small firms, there’s all this flexibility to build your practice in a way that maybe you’re not able to where you are. And so I think that’s the biggest advantage small firms have. I think the second is just the flexibility. And I think we’ve seen in 2020, and this makes me so excited for the future, that law firms have been forced by COVID to be more flexible and to work differently together. And I think the firms that really hold on to that and embrace it are going to be in a much stronger position in the war for talent. And so I’m hopeful. I know that there will be some who will kind of go back to doing business the old way, big firms and small. But I’m hopeful that with all of these options in front of us, that it’s going to really open the door, especially for smaller firms to compete for talent where maybe they didn’t feel like they could before. Alay Yajnik: Jennifer, tell us about the process you go through when you’re executing a search. Jennifer Bennett: Sure. So I am very proactive and very targeted. So I start when I work with a firm with just sitting down and really digging in, getting a good sense from them what the specific need they have is and how it fits into the larger strategic plan. And then I really pressed them for selling points on their firm. I really want to be able to talk about a firm when I talk to a candidate as if I work there, which in a sense I do when I’m engaged on a search, and really get candidates excited about the opportunity. You only sometimes get one opportunity to have the conversation. So I want to make sure it’s as impactful as it can be. And once I have a sense of what I’m looking for, I try to craft a target list of candidates utilizing the knowledge that I’ve gained over my years and affirm the nuances of practice areas and my understanding of the firm, my clients culture and then the culture of the firms that I’m reaching out to. And then and then I just I start I start reaching out and having conversations. Sometimes I get lucky. And I’m already talking to somebody who sounds like they could be a fit or I can I can get there a little more quickly through my network. Jennifer Bennett: But more often, it’s really a process of putting myself in the shoes of the firm and really understanding what they’re looking for and finding some. It’s a very short list of those people. But if they’re the right people, that’s OK. You only need one. So that’s how we go. So again, being very proactive and really being on offense and encouraging my clients to not be afraid, don’t be afraid to go after people because you think you can’t get them. You never know until you have the conversation. So that’s that’s what I what I try to bring to the table. Alay Yajnik: So when you’re going on offense, would love to get your thoughts on the differences in candidates that a law firm might find if they work with someone like yourself and go on offense versus they use that defensive approach, or reactive approach that you alluded to earlier, which is where they’re posting on job boards and just looking for people that are already looking for a job. Jennifer Bennett: I think the danger, at least in my experience on the lawyer side, is when you go the job board route, you’re really limited to people who are already there, so unhappy where they are that they have they have commenced a search or they have been told by their current employer that they need to find another situation or for some other reason, they’re feeling not secure about their current job. And there can be legitimate reasons for that. I certainly don’t want to say that people who are actively job searching are not great candidates. That’s not necessarily the case. But I think you run a greater risk of there being more to the story or some baggage there that maybe a small firm doesn’t want to bring in to their to their situation. So I have always throughout my time, either inside of firms or on the side, had more luck if you if you can really attract somebody to talk to you based on the power of the opportunity you’re presenting to them. And if you can really get them to understand and believe that their situation can be improved by making this move, it’s a much stronger position to be in as an employer. Alay Yajnik: And as you’re listening to this podcast, just put yourselves in that situation for a minute. If you’re unhappy in your current firm, what are you likely to do first? Probably nothing, right? Just kind of stew in that and be unhappy than what you might do after that is you might reach out to your colleagues, the people that you trust, and start asking them, “Hey, do you know any firms that might be looking to hire? Because I might be interested in making a move.” If that doesn’t work out, you might start to think about, “OK, well, maybe it’s time to start my own firm.” Probably at the end of all of that is when you start to actually go on LinkedIn and Indeed and try and apply for jobs. And especially for sophisticated attorneys, that’s just not not going to be a successful route to take. So I love that approach, Jennifer. I think it can drive huge value in terms of the quality of candidates, which can make a huge difference for the firm. Alay Yajnik: As we’re talking about recruiting, the reason I’m delighted to have you on the program today is recruiting and law firm growth go hand in hand. I’m pretty good at driving law firm growth. It’s what we do at Law Firm Success Group. But no matter what we do on the marketing and business development side, a law firm can only grow as much as its people can allow. And very quickly, a law firm is going to get full with business and full with clients, and they’re going to need to go hire. So the ability to develop a really strong hiring capability within your firm is critical and you’re going to need to use a mix. For most people, it’s going to be a mix of some things that you source internally and some things that you sourced through a recruiter like Jennifer for. And developing the capability within a firm is going to directly impact the growth of the firm much more so, quite frankly, than marketing and business development. Jennifer, what advice would you give to partners who are interested in growing their law firms? Jennifer Bennett: Sure. Well, I mean, you you answered a bit of that question for me, which is do the work before you launch a search. Don’t go out into the market and go looking for somebody until you know what you’re looking for. And if a firm has has worked with a growth expert or has done some soul searching and strategic planning on their own, it’s so much easier to help them find the person who is going to be the right fit for them. It’s knowing the why behind why you’re going to make a hire and try to build is so important, not just as a firm to know that yourself, but it’s important to be able to articulate to a candidate. I’ve had this conversation so many times over! Ask a hiring partner. So why do you need this? What’s the why behind this hire? Give me some history. And the thing that comes out of their mouth is, well, we need somebody. And I say, “What’s the selling point?” “Well tell them that we really need them.” And that’s just not enough. I mean, especially in a market it would be enough, particularly in this one. That is not a selling point. That is a defensive, almost desperate sounding maneuver that is not going to help you really attract great people. Alay Yajnik: “Come work for us. We have work for you to do!” Jennifer Bennett: Even if even if that is the answer, I mean, I’m sure you work with firms all the time where there’s a little bit of a succession planning issue going on. And even in a situation where you have a senior partner who wants to find somebody to help inherit their practice and take over their clients, I mean, the answer would still be, “I need somebody to come and help me transition my practice.” But it’s all about the way you craft it and the way you message it. So the more work on that side that can be done with a firm before before I go out into the market and do my piece of the job just ups the chances for success and just finding a really great person. Jennifer Bennett: The other piece of advice I would give, and I have this conversation a lot with small firms is a lot of fear of hiring. It’s expensive. It just it can feel very scary. And so my my message would be, don’t be afraid to hire if you’re already overwhelmed and at a pain point, it’s almost too late. And what you don’t want to do is run the risk, especially if you have other people around you, other lawyers who are feeling burned out and overwhelmed. It’s so much harder to add somebody to the mix when you’re already past the point where everybody is feeling overworked and miserable and where you’re feeling like you can’t. You get into that trap where you want to develop more business, but you feel like you can’t because you’re afraid if you get it, how are you going to get it done? I do find it even in big firms. This is a thing. I mean, law firms tend to be reactive and it’s so much harder, again, especially in the Bay Area in California, where the demand for legal services is so high, doesn’t matter who you are or how much you’re paying, if you’re in certain practice areas, you’re just going to have a really tough time hiring. And it just makes your job harder if you’re coming from a position of everybody. Everybody here is already working so hard to join us and help us. That’s just not a not an effective message at all. Alay Yajnik: “Overworked and underpaid. Come join us.” Jennifer Bennett: That’s great, right? “Really nice people.” Alay Yajnik: But I also want to take some of the pressure off of the people that are listening to this. And some of the things I hear from from attorneys who are looking to hire is they’re burned. They’ve had a bad hiring experience. What I usually tell them (and I’m curious, your thoughts on this, Jennifer) is, “Look, having a bad hire is just a fact of life. If you haven’t made a bad hire yet, you will. It’s going to happen so that you just have to accept that and continue to hire through that and get better and better and better at hiring. Does that mean you can still make a mistake? Of course. Does that mean you will? Probably, but you have to keep hiring. You may have a crack team now. They’re awesome. You’re hitting on all cylinders, but team members leave and they oftentimes leave even if they’re very happy. They relocate. They have changes in their life that caused them to to leave their job or move to a different part of the country, a different part of the world. They retire. These things happen and they’re outside of your control. So even if you have an amazing team right now, you’re going to need to hire to replace some of them at some point in the future. And so developing that strategy and getting good at hiring is just a skill that every firm that’s going to be around for a while is going to need to have.” And someone like you, Jennifer, I think can be kind of their secret weapon to help them get really good at hiring and help them find some attorneys who can really come in and really take the firm to the next level. Jennifer Bennett: Yeah, I, I completely agree, I think too sometimes when people leave, it feels very personal to the partner who who works closely with that person and that’s true of small firms or big firms. And I can help relieve some of that that burden. I’ve seen this happen with partners I’ve worked with. It feels like such a loss. And it’s hard sometimes when you’re when you’re grieving that a little bit or you’re again thinking maybe you’re not in overwhelm yet, but you’re thinking about the the case that’s going to come in and two weeks after this person was left and how am I going to handle this? I can really help and come in and take some of that burden away and not on top of all that overwhelm to then have to pour so much time into sourcing candidates and slogging through resumes and doing sort of initial screening. So that’s the other piece, too. Jennifer Bennett: But but I agree. A great team today. Things can change very quickly. If 2020 has taught us anything, it’s people are reevaluating and moving and doing things that they might not have done five years ago. And so I think having another resource to help manage through that process is is really key. Alay Yajnik: We can talk about this topic for hours and maybe we should, but probably not on the podcast, but it’s the reason why I wrote that book Staffing Up: the Attorney’s Guide to Hiring Top Talent is because I haven’t found a good resource for that anywhere. So I’m so glad that we had a chance to connect today. Thank you for some fantastic advice that you’ve given to everybody. What excites you about KBF Search and the future? Jennifer Bennett: That is a great question. Well, we’re in the process of renaming and rebranding and relaunching, so that’s been very exciting. I don’t know. I’m sure there are people listening who have been through that process and it’s exciting. And so that’s learning about how to incorporate an LLC and build a business. So so that’s that’s point one. But more broadly and more importantly, for purposes of this conversation, I’m really hopeful for the future. As we talked about a little earlier, I think law firms have I mean, for unfortunate reasons, but there is a silver lining here. Law firms have really been forced to think differently about how they can work together and deliver legal services and become more flexible both for their clients and on the way they work together. And so I have already been involved in moving some folks from firm to firm in this landscape. And it’s really fun and rewarding. And so I’m really looking forward to seeing what 2021 and beyond brings how it’s going to change the legal industry and how law firms work and how how they can hold on to some of this flexibility. And I’m really energized to move into this year with with all of that going on. Alay Yajnik: Terrific, Jennifer. And if people wanted to connect with you, what’s the best way for them to do that? Jennifer Bennett: Sure. Probably the best way is by email, and that address for now is jennifer@consilitas-search.com. Alay Yajnik: Well, Jennifer, thank you so much for being on Lawyer Business Advantage today. It’s always a pleasure to connect with you. And I wish you and your partner all the best with your rebrand.Unlicensed contractors won't leave Sun City residents alone
Let Joe Know shares stories of Valley families duped by unlicensed contractors
SUN CITY, AZ - We've done story after story about unlicensed contractors duping customers into pay lots of money for uncompleted or sub-standard work.
Last year we learned about Juarez Design . The Registrar of Contractors says Ana and Hugo Juarez own the company and have been working illegally in Sun City for years. Lynne Marion says she was one of their victims.
"In the bathroom, the toilet leaks, the vanity leaks," she said. "The master bathroom is half painted, the concrete on the driveway, the coating is black, no matter how much I wash it; the paint in the garage is peeling."
Marion says she lost a total of more than $42,000.
Months later, we got a similar story from Valley resident, Judy.
She asked us not to use her last name, but says she hired the Juarez's to remodel her back yard. Except now the company had a different name on their business card, Valle Del Sol. They are listed with the Secretary of State's Office as Landscaping by Valle Del Sol.
Judy says she agreed to pay $14,500 for them to add a pit fire, a barbecue island and flagstone for her backyard. She paid several thousand early on, but decided to hold the rest until completion.
At first everything seemed to be going well, then she says she didn't hear from them for weeks.
"I started to get worried," said Judy
Then she says she started to notice poor workmanship.
"This is already cracking," she explained about stucco on her new barbecue island. "The crack is getting bigger and bigger."
That's when she started digging and found out the company she hired was not licensed to do the work in the first place.
"I just feel betrayed" said Judy. "You know that this sweet lady could do this to somebody."
The Registrar of Contractors (ROC) has at least 23 complaints on file against this company, totaling more than $100,000 contracted. Over the years, the ROC has fined Juarez Design a total of $8,500 for unlicensed contracting.
"Juarez Design, Ana Juarez, Rafaela Juarez, going by many different names, also working with someone named Hugo Juarez," said Tyler Palmer, Chief of Staff for the ROC.
"We've got a lot of different names and they've been on our radar for many years," he said.
He said the ROC has submitted multiple cases against them to court for advertising and contracting without a license dating back to 2009.
But, filing misdemeanor charges and issuing civil fines is as far as the ROC can go.
According to County Attorney Bill Montgomery, some just consider the fines, just another cost of doing business.
"The maximum fine is $2500. Six months in jail." said Montgomery. "I hardly ever see anybody go to jail."
His office handles unlicensed contracting cases that are turned over by the ROC but says current penalties aren't enough of a deterrent for some repeat offenders.
"We want to be able to hold them accountable and impose a stiff enough penalty that addresses their criminal conduct," explained Montgomery.
In order to do that, the legislature would have to make it a felony for unlicensed contractors to do business. Which could mean an increase in fines up to $100,000 and 2.5 years in jail.
So what can you do?
First, if you or your neighbors have been victimized by unlicensed contractors, file a complaint with the Registrar of Contractors .
Then let your state legislator know that a slap on the wrist for bad actors just isn't working.
Each year thousands of dollars are lost to these unlicensed businesses and there need to be real consequences for the real damage they do.
Check to see which legislative district you're in here .
Then find out how to contact your legislator here .?A Fluorescent left these holiday goodies up in my classroom, because they cheer me up--and guide me towards looking up to the heavens-- in order to 'encourage' faith, hope, and gratitude.
Plus, I like shiny things :)
5 responses
Regenia Brabham (Deleted) gave props (22 Apr 2010):
I like shiny things to and class rooms should be cheerful fun places.
Richard Knight (Deleted) gave props (22 Apr 2010):
Definitely the right thing to do, JH. I like all that shimmering light.
Steven Schutz gave props (22 Apr 2010):
I echo Richards sentiments...I love the colors...what a great job with the color..kinda trippy man...
Nancy Richard gave props (23 Apr 2010):
I'll just ditto Richard.........good one!
J.L. Sofka (Deleted) said (14 May 2010):.Celebrating the life of Willis Shattuck "Bud" Shattuck passed away Saturday, November 15, 2014 in Vermilion at the age of 89 years. He will be lovingly remembered by his sister Irene (Ted) Harvard; special friend Ann (Jeff) Burt; nieces & nephews Rosine (Peter) Hryko, Earl Vorrath, Edith (Bruce) Hanson, Dwayne (Penny) Shattuck, Bryan (Beccy) Harvard, Darlene (Robert) Pickford, Rebecca (Eugene) Dyjur, and Robertta Stadlwieser as well as numerous great nieces & nephews. A Memorial Service will be held at the Lakeland Funeral Home on Monday, November 24, 2014 at 10:00 a.m. Memorial donations may be made to the Stollery Children's Hospital or a charity of the donor's choice.
Welcome to Willis's Memorial WallShare memories & photos, send flowers, and much more.
Forget 11,000. Here's What's Happening in the Dow
Although easy money on the part of the Fed might have investors embracing riskier assets like stocks, a look at what's happening in the blue chips shows that traders have been hedging their bets.
Expectations that the Federal Reserve will enact further measures to boost the economy have stocks on a winning streak. The Dow Jones Industrial Average ($INDU), that elite bastion of blue chips, added 1,000 points over the last six weeks and enters Monday's session above 11,000 for the first time since May 3.
Dow 11,000 is nice and all, but all it really means is that stocks have been dead money for five months -- and beyond. After all, the 11,000 level has never signified anything lasting for long-term investors before. The Dow first crossed above 11,000 in 1999 and has made the trip 37 times since then, according to Bespoke Investment Group.
Pushing and Pulling on the Dow
The Dow consists of only 30 companies, and since it's weighted by price, IBM (IBM) at $138 a share has more sway on the average than, say, Bank of America (BAC) at $13 a pop. Still, since the Dow gets so much attention, it's interesting to note how its components are pushing and pulling on the average.
The Dow is off about 1.3% since it last closed above 11,000 on May 3, damped in part by BofA, Hewlett-Packard (HPQ), Microsoft (MSFT) and American Express (AXP). The chart below shows how each of the Dow's 30 component stocks has fared since May 3:
Note that IBM is the only tech stock in the Dow to post gains since May 3 -- Intel (INTC) and Cisco (CSCO) are off substantially -- despite the sector's broader gains. (Special case HP took a beating after jettisoning former Chief Executive Mark Hurd.)
Sponsored Links
Rather, defensive names predominate among the leaders: Verizon (VZ), AT&T (T), Merck (MRK), Pfizer (PFE) and Wal-Mart (WMT) are propping up the blue chips, as are consumer stocks like Coca-Cola (KO) and McDonald's (MCD).
AT&T and Verizon -- telecoms for heaven's sake! -- are bonds in drag. They don't outperform when investors have great expectations. A market playing defense is one that's anxious about the recovery. Whether the Fed can do anything about it remains to be seen.Semtech Corporation, a leading supplier of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors, has.
“Semtech is committed to delivering long range wireless platforms using open standards to foster global adoption of LoRa-based networks”ise. We are excited Orange has chosen to deploy a low-power, wide-area network based on our technology across France. This marks a significant milestone for Semtech as we move toward our goal of enabling IoT applications worldwide through standardisation of LoRaWAN and the ecosystem of the LoRa Alliance,” said Mohan Maheswaran, Semtech’s CEO. upfront infrastructure investments and operating costs, as well as end-node sensor costs.
- Standardised: help@lora-alliance.org.
-+.- Shaista Nisar
Gene therapy: Can HTA capture the value of a potential cure?
Updated: Mar 31
Decades of research have resulted in several gene therapies successfully reaching the clinic and continued strong growth in the global market is forecast. However, there are considerable challenges ahead to ensure all eligible patients have access to potentially life-changing treatment. Healthcare budgets remain under economic strain and spending needs to be prioritised, but is conventional HTA the right tool for the job?
by Shaista Nisar, PhD – Senior Analyst at RJW&partners
30 years on from the first gene therapy clinical trial, there are now seven gene therapies approved for use in Europe (Table 1). Despite a slow start, several gene therapies have come to market over the last two years including those that employ ex vivo gene editing (Zynteglo® for β-thalassaemia and the CAR-T cell therapies Kymriah® and Yescarta®) and in vivo therapies in which a viral vector carrying the therapeutic gene is directly administered to the patient (Luxturna® & Zolgensma®). Two further market authorisation applications for gene therapies are currently under review (BioMarin’s Roctavian® and Orchard Therapeutics’ OTL-200).
2018 was widely viewed as a historic milestone and the FDA is predicting between 10-20 cell and gene therapy approvals per year over the next five years (1).
Alongside the curative potential of gene therapies, the headlines have unsurprisingly focussed on price: in the EU Zolgensma® is expected to cost an estimated €2 million per patient, whilst Zynteglo® has a list price close to €1.6 million per patient.
Does existing HTA need to be adapted?
The costs associated with gene therapies arise principally from the substantial R&D investment required, and to a lesser extent from complex manufacture and storage. These costs must be recouped from a single treatment in often a limited number of eligible patients. The industry argues that despite high upfront prices, gene therapies offer value for money due to a life-time benefit and management costs avoided in the long-term. Whilst this may be true, especially when considering the wider indirect cost savings to the economy, the problem of affordability for payers remains.
These pressures have led to the tool used to prioritise spending – health technology assessment (HTA) – to come under increasing scrutiny.
Table 1: EMA-approved gene therapies
*Source: Adapted from Federal Gazette, Paul-Ehrlich-Institut
The list of medicines contains the products that have a current valid marketing authorization
Industry and lobby groups argue that existing HTA processes are not fit for evaluating the value of gene therapies as they do not accurately capture societal benefits and long-term savings associated with a potential cure delivered in a single treatment (2).
Whilst payers have thus far shown a willingness to engage with manufacturers to ensure timely access for gene therapies, the pressure to change the system (for example acceptance of indirect comparisons and alternative surrogate endpoints2) has largely been resisted. Instead, most therapies approved to date have been evaluated under pathways for orphan drugs indicated for debilitating or life-threatening conditions (Table 2), which in general have more lenient criteria than non-orphan drugs. For example, the G-BA in Germany automatically assigns orphan drugs an ‘additional clinical benefit’ and, in the UK, the NICE highly specialised technology (HST) appraisal pathway used for rare and debilitating conditions has a higher willingness to pay threshold than the standard single technology appraisal (STA).
Table 2: Gene therapy HTA outcomes in the EU5
Regenerative Medicine (2019). Recommendations for Timely Access to Advanced Therapy Medicinal Products (ATMPs) in Europe (2).
Uncertainty in the data
Like other orphan drugs, gene therapies are difficult for payers to assess with confidence due to lack of robust data arising from small populations, and the demands for randomised controlled trials (RCT) - often not available or ethical - with appropriate comparators are not new. These concerns were demonstrated in the HTA evaluations for Kymriah® and Yescarta® which focussed on the lack of a comparative trial arm and immature survival data.
The evaluations resulted in reimbursement via outcomes-based deals in Germany, Spain and Italy in which payment is linked to ongoing treatment success3. Managed access via the cancer drugs fund in the UK stipulates the requirement to gather real-world data to inform further decision making. Several HTA bodies (French Transparency Committee, NICE) require a reassessment when further data on CAR-T cell therapies are available (3).
Long-term durability of response is a key concern for payers given that gene therapies are priced assuming a lifetime benefit and clearly the curative potential of a therapy cannot be proven definitively on the basis of relatively short-term clinical trial evidence. For example, the data available for Luxturna® at the time of assessment showed improvements were sustained at 7.5-year follow up (phase 1 open-label study), however the NICE committee accepted an assumed 40-year treatment effect cost-effectiveness evaluation whilst acknowledging the “substantial uncertainty” of the long-term benefits (4).
Moving on from orphan indications
Looking ahead, the gene therapy market is set to move beyond orphan indications. Whilst there are incentives for developing drugs for very rare diseases, including less stringent criteria and rapid regulatory approval, overall, it is not economically viable if there are too few patients to begin with, and less over time as they are cured.
Indeed, the commercial failure and subsequent withdrawal of the first gene therapy (Glybera for familial lipoprotein lipase deficiency) resulted, in part, from extremely limited patient numbers (1 per million people worldwide). Similarly, Strimvelis® is indicated for a form of severe combined immunodeficiency that affects only about 14 people per year in Europe and there are an estimated 86 eligible patients in England with the form of inherited retinal disease treated by Luxturna® (4). In contrast, gene therapy clinical trials are underway to treat dry age-related macular degeneration which is the most common form of blindness in the Western world and affects up to 600,000 people in the UK (5). Gene therapies are also in advanced development for sickle cell disease, a condition that can affect up to 2-3% of the population in some countries, and Haemophilia A which affects 1:5000 male births.
Whilst larger population sizes will produce more robust trial data, and prices may come down in response to more eligible patients and competition with existing treatments, payers will likely continue to face issues of affordability and cost management.
Learnings for the industry
It is clear that HTA for gene therapies will not reward innovation alone and will continue to demand robust clinical evidence and value for money. The introduction of therapies for diseases with higher prevalence and existing treatments available will lead to gene therapies being evaluated via the same processes as conventional medicines. For example, manufacturers may be able to prove cost-effectiveness versus existing management for haemophilia gene therapies currently in development due to the high costs of current replacement factors. For diseases that do not have effective treatments, the example of Luxturna® shows it is possible to instil confidence in payers by investing in long-term data generation and including a best supportive care control trial arm.
The issue of long-term effectiveness is being addressed on a number of levels including a collaboration between the EMA and HTA bodies via the EMA and EUnetHTA joint work plan (6) on strategies to collect high-quality real-world evidence, suggesting that payers are recognising the need to look beyond the gold standard of RCT data. A pilot EMA-HTA consultation was conducted for Kymriah® (7) and a joint HTA and price negotiation for Zolgensma® has recently been announced by Belgium, the Netherlands and Ireland under the Beneluxa initiative (8).
As most countries appear to favour market access agreements linked to performance, the generation of unbiased registry data over the long-term will be critical for the ongoing success of gene therapies.
For HTA to adequately capture the value of gene therapies, manufacturers need to address concerns about data uncertainty by investing in well-designed trials and strategies to collect high-quality real-world data, alongside effective communication of the wider societal and patient benefits.
US FDA (2019). Statement from FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb, M.D. Accessed May 2020,
Alliance for Regenerative Medicine (2019). Recommendations for Timely Access to Advanced Therapy Medicinal Products (ATMPs) in Europe. Accessed May 2020,
Jorgensen J, Hanna E & Kefalas P. Outcomes-based reimbursement for gene therapies in practice: the experience of recently launched CAR-T cell therapies in major European countries. Journal of Market Access & Health Policy 2020, 8:1, 1715536
NICE (2019). Voretigene Neparvovec for Biallelic RPE65-Mediated Retinal Disease: Final Evaluation document. Accessed May 2020,
Nuffield Department of Clinical Neurosciences, University of Oxford (2020). Gene Therapy for Age-Related Macular Degeneration. Accessed May 2020,
European Medical Agency (2020). Health technology assessment bodies. Accessed May 2020,
Seimetz D, Heller K & Richter J. Approval of First CAR-Ts: Have we Solved all Hurdles for ATMPs? Cell Med 2019;11: 1-16
Beneluxa Initiative on Pharmaceutical Policy. Joint HTA assessment of Zolgensma. Accessed June 2020,US Surgeon General Dr. Jerome Adams has a warning for pregnant women and teens when it comes to weed.
“No amount of marijuana use during pregnancy or adolescence is safe,” Adams said during a press conference Thursday in Washington to announce an advisory on the risks of marijuana use among adolescents and pregnant women.
Adams sounded the alarm about increasing marijuana use among those groups in recent years.
“In pregnant women, marijuana is now actually the most commonly used illicit drug,” he said. “Marijuana is now the third most commonly used illicit substance in adolescents behind alcohol and e-cigarettes.”
President Donald Trump recently donated his second quarter salary to promote the surgeon general’s latest advisory, US Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar said during the press conference. That amounts to $100,000, and it will be spent on a public awareness campaign.
“This advisory makes clear that marijuana poses substantial risks to the developing brain,” Azar said.
“For many it can be addictive and it’s especially dangerous for adolescents and pregnant women because of what we know about how it affects the developing brain,” he said. “We need to be clear: Some states’ laws on marijuana may have changed but the science has not and federal law has not.”
Marijuana is now legal either recreationally or medically across 33 states.
The surgeon general warned that marijuana use during pregnancy can be dangerous to a developing fetus, and that marijuana use during adolescence is associated with changes in areas of the brain involved in attention, memory, decision-making and motivation.
This is Adams’ first advisory this year and his third since being named surgeon general in 2017. Last year, he issued an advisory on using the medication naloxone to reverse an opioid overdose, and an advisory on e-cigarette use among youth, calling it an “epidemic.”
The advisory is also the first on marijuana since one issued by Surgeon General C. Everett Koop in 1982, Azar said. Adams mentioned in his announcement that marijuana has changed since then.
“This ain’t your mother’s marijuana,” Adams said.
“Not enough people know that today’s marijuana is far more potent than in days’ past. The amount of THC – the component responsible for euphoria and intoxication but also most of marijuana’s documented harms – has increased three- to five-fold over the last few decades,” he said. “We’ve seen an increase in emergency department visits for psychosis, overdose and accidental ingestions. And nearly one in five people who begin marijuana use during adolescence become addicted.”
The American Medical Association applauded the surgeon general’s advisory.
“We strongly support this effort as the AMA has long discouraged cannabis use by youth, pregnant women, and women who are breastfeeding and has called for research to determine the consequences of long-term cannabis use in these populations,” Dr. Patrice Harris, president of the AMA, said in a written statement on Thursday.
“The AMA believes that scientifically valid and well-controlled clinical trials conducted under federal investigational new drug applications are necessary to assess the safety and effectiveness of all new drugs, including potential cannabis and cannabinoid products for medical use,” she said in part. “Due to legal and regulatory barriers to cannabis and cannabinoid research, physicians and patients do not currently have the evidence needed to understand the health effects of these products and make sound clinical decisions regarding their use.”
Get CNN Health's weekly newsletter
Sign up here to get The Results Are In with Dr. Sanjay Gupta every Tuesday from the CNN Health team.
There has been an increase in the percentage of women in the United States who are using marijuana during pregnancy. That percentage rose overall from 3.4% of pregnant women in 2002 to 7% in 2017, according to a study published in the medical journal JAMA in June.
Nationally, about 38% of high school students report having used marijuana in their life, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
CNN’s Casey Riddle contributed to this report.WARSAW, Poland (AP) — President Alexander Lukashenko of using the migrants as pawns to destabilize the 27-nation bloc in retaliation for its sanctions on his authoritarian regime. Belarus denies orchestrating the crisis.
The Poland Border Guard agency postedvideo on Twittershowing water being sprayed across the border at a group of migrants who threw debris, and the Defense Ministry also said tear gas was used against the attackers. Polish authorities said nine of its forces were injured — seven policemen, one soldier and a female border guard.
Some 2,000 migrants were at the frontier in makeshift camps in the freezing weather, but only about 100 were believed added that with other EU leaders.
Some of the migrants have children with them at the border in their desperate bid to reach the EU. Most are fleeing conflict, poverty and instability in the Middle East and elsewhere. At least 11 deaths have been reported in recent weeks as the weather has turned colder and they are trapped in the dank forest between the forces of the two countries.
While some have managed to get into the EU before Poland, Lithuania and Latvia bolstered their borders, passage appears to be much harder now.
Poland’s Defense Ministry said Belarusian forces tried to destroy border fences, and its Interior Ministry posted videoapparently showing migrants trying to tear one down. It said the migrants are using the smoke grenades and similar weapons given to them by Belarusian troops who no longer seem to be trying to conceal their involvement.
Poland has taken a tough stand against the migrants’ illegal entry, reinforcing the border with riot police and troops, rolling out razor wire, and making plans to build a tall steel barrier. The Polish approach has largely met with approval from other EU nations, who want to stop called Poland’s actions “violate all conceivable norms of international humanitarian law and other agreements of the international community.”
Warsaw says Moscow bears some responsibility for the border crisis, given its strong support for Belarus. The Russian government has denied responsibility.
Events at the border have been difficult to verify independently. Poland has imposed a state of emergency, which bars reporters and human rights workers from the area. In Belarus, journalists face severe restrictions on their ability to report.
Poland’s parliament is expected to consider a bill to regulate citizens’ ability to move in the border area after the state of emergency expires in December.
The EU has been pressuring airlines to stop carrying Syrians, Iraqis and others to Belarus, and the efforts were bringing changes..
Social media platforms used by Syrians and Iraqis to navigate the Belarus-Europe track posted photos showing crowds along the border overnight. Some appeared undeterred, posting that they got warm clothes and boots. Messages celebrated those who made it across, and a few urged migrants to head for the Belarus-Lithuania border.
Some described harsh treatment, including beatings, by Belarusian border guards, but most postings appeared to recognize that the Belarus route might no longer work.
“There is no more path to escape. By God, Minsk’s route has ended. What are the new roads?” one person posted on a social media platform.
___
Litvinova reported from Moscow. Sarah El Deeb in Beirut, Edith M. Lederer at the United Nations and Yuras Karmanau Kyiv, Ukraine, contributed.The “Band Of Gold” legend discusses her new duet with The Voice Of Romance, her upcoming, long-awaited memoirs, her recent knee replacement surgery, and her thoughts about the next president of the United States. The 78 year old also shares her love for hip hop group Outkast!
R & B star Freda Payne couldn’t have picked a better duet partner for her return to jazz than the Gershwin classic “You Can’t Take That Away From Me.” The singer beautifully warbles with the incomparable Johnny Mathis on the new single.
“One of the songs that I always loved Johnny singing was “Maria” from West Side Story,” Payne, 78, EXCLUSIVELY said by phone. “It’s luscious, especially at the end when he goes up. He’s in so much control on that song…and that VOICE!”
As it turns out, the new project’s mastermind, producer Rodrigo Rios, is responsible for finally getting the two legends together. While Payne has known Mathis for years, “You Can’t Take That Away From Me” is their first collaboration.
“Rodrigo approached me about doing an album and about doing a few duets,” Payne recalled. “He gave Johnny several songs from which to choose, and Johnny chose that one because he had never recorded it.”
“I was the producer on the project, and also the drummer on the sessions,” Rios said via email. “We had a blast at Capitol tracking these beautiful songs with Freda and special guests.”
Special guests, Rios says. That has to be the understatement of the year. In addition to Mathis, Payne and Rios have recorded new duets with Kenny Lattimore, Dee Dee Bridgewater, and Kurt Elling.
As Payne and Mathis recorded “You Can’t Take That Away From Me” in June of 2019, long before COVID would have kept them apart, Payne shared a handful of incredible stories about standing “elbow to elbow” with “The Voice Of Romance” in the studio at Capitol Records in Los Angeles.
One of those stories will stand out for any fan of the typically masterful Mathis — and anyone who knows about his love for a good game of golf. As it turns out, Mathis is, indeed, human. He’s also a consummate professional.
Read all about that history-making recording session with Payne and Johnny Mathis, and hear more from the R & B legend.
Michael P Coleman is a freelance writer who, as a kid, talked to strangers and got punished. Today, he talks to strangers and gets published. Follow his blog, his IG and his Twitter.Tickets
If you have a question about your ticket, you need help purchasing one, or if you would like to amend your ticket details or request a new confirmation email, please contact our ticketing partner, Ticketmaster here.
If you don’t have a reference number, please use SeeTickets’ online chat service to submit a question to their team.
General event queries
We hope that the FAQs on this website will answer any event queries you may have, but if not, please contact our Customer Services team at lumieresenseine@img.com
Press enquiries:
For media requests please email Woki Toki : lumieresenseine@wokitokiparis.comCan there Be Room For Personal Growth Living With A Narcissistic Husband?
Let’s see:
If there are many opportunities when you feel that the person besides you is trying to control or manipulate your reality, then a lot of confusion can fog your brain…
Is he doing it, really? and then, why would he do such a thing?
It’s difficult to separate narcissistic behavior from the usual positive behavior of your partner, but…
There are those behaviors you can’t explain away:
- Have you found him making jokes about you to his friends? Is he having fun speaking of personal difficulties you can have, as not remembering things or being sick?
- Is he the last to acknowledge that you have some good accomplishments at your work?
- Do you feel pushed to decide against your will, because he has already decided for you? And, if you try to resist or renegotiate, you find him upset or threatening?
- Do you have to be always accountable to him about your money, or how you spend your time?
- Do you feel like a puppet, with no personal space to make decisions about your own life??
Look at your own behavior:
-!
Take care,More shoppers than ever are using their mobile devices while shopping in retail stores—a whopping 90 percent, according to a recent survey by mobile marketing firm SessionM. Mobile apps easily beat out mobile browsers for where users spend most of their mobile time. So what were their go-to apps in 2015 (and, arguably, where retailers want to be)? Here’s the top 5 roundup:
- YouTube
- Facebook Messenger
- Google Search
- Google Play
Sources: Retail TouchPoints, Nielsen, Smart InsightsTraditionally
Traditionally97123834
Django depicts itself as “the web system for fussbudgets with cutoff times”. It was intended to help Python engineers take applications from idea to consummation as fast as could be expected under the circumstances.
It permits fast turn of events on the off chance that you need to make a CRUD application with batteries included. With Django, you won’t need to rehash an already solved problem. It just works and lets you center around your business rationale and making something clients can utilize.
Pros of Django
“Batteries included” theory
The standard behind batteries-included methods normal usefulness for building web applications accompanies the system, not as isolated libraries.
Django incorporates much usefulness you can use to deal with normal web advancement undertakings. Here are some significant level functionalities that Django gives you, which else you need to stay together if you somehow happened to utilize a small scale structure:
ORM
Database relocations
Client validation
Administrator board
Structures
Normalized structure
Django as a system proposes the right structure of an undertaking. That structure helps designers in making sense of how and where to execute any new component.
With a generally acknowledged venture structure that is like numerous tasks, it is a lot simpler to discover online good arrangements or approach the network for help. There are numerous energetic Python designers who will assist you with comprehending any issue you may experience.
Django applications
Django applications (or applications for short) permit designers to separate a task into numerous applications. An application is whatever is introduced by putting in settings.INSTALLED_APPS. This makes it simpler for engineers to add usefulness to the web application by coordinating outer Django applications into the venture.
There are many reusable modules and applications to accelerate your turn of events learn through Online Django Class and Check the Django website.
Secure of course
Django gives great security assurance out of the crate and incorporates avoidance components for basic assaults like SQL Injection (XSS) and Cross-site Request Forgery (CSRF). You can discover more subtleties in the official security diagram control.
REST structure for building APIs
Django REST Framework, commonly condensed “DRF”, is a Python library for building APIs. It has secluded and adaptable engineering that functions admirably for both straightforward and complex web APIs.
DRF gives a lot of verification and authorization strategies out of the case. It is an adaptable, full-included library with measured and adjustable engineering. It accompanies nonexclusive classes for CRUD tasks and an implicit API program for testing API endpoints.
GraphQL structure for building APIs
Huge REST APIs regularly require a lot of solicitations to various endpoints to recover every single required datum. GraphQL it’s a question language that permits us to share related information in a lot simpler design. For a prologue to GraphQL and an outline of its ideas, if it’s not too much trouble allude to the authority GraphQL documentation.
Graphene-Django gives reflections that make it simple to add GraphQL usefulness to your Django venture. Ordinary Django models, structures, validation, consent arrangements, and different functionalities can be reused to manufacture GraphQL blueprint. It additionally gives an implicit API program for testing API endpoints.
Cons of Django
Django ORM
Django ORM, made before SQLAlchemy existed, is currently much sub-par compared to SQLAlchemy. It depends on the Active Record design which is more regrettable than the Unit of Work design embraced by SQLAlchemy. This implies, in Django, models can “spare” themselves and exchanges are off as a matter of course, they are a bit of hindsight. Peruse more in Why I kind of aversion Django.
Django advances course popularity increses day by day:
Django is huge and is viewed as strong bit of programming. This permits the network to create several reusable modules and applications yet has additionally restricted the speed of advancement of the Django. On head of that Django needs to keep up in reverse similarity, so it advances gradually.
Rundown - Should I use Django as a Python designer?
While Django ORM isn’t as adaptable as SQLAlchemy and the enormous environment of reusable modules and applications hinders structure advancement - plainly Django ought to be the best option web system for Python engineers.
Elective, light systems, similar to Flask, while offering a retreat from Django huge biological system and designs, in the long haul can require substantially more additional libraries and usefulness, in the end making many experienced Python engineers winding up wishing they’d began with Django.
Django undertaking’s security and network have become enormously over the previous decade since the system’s creation. Official documentation and instructional exercises are probably the best anyplace in programming advancement. With each delivery, Django keeps on including huge new usefulness.
#django online training #django online course #online django course #django course #django training #django certification courseBOOK CATEGORIES
Supported by Naturo Pharm
Boenninghausen Therapeutic Pocket Book$32.00 Add to cart
Boenninghaussen’s Characteristics & Repertory (Indian Edition)$55.00 Add to cart
Concise Repertory (4th Ed)$15.00 Add to cart
Contemporary Repertory Meditative Provings$90.00 Add to cart
Homeopathic Medical Repertory 3rd Edition – covers may vary$95.00 Add to cart
New World Veterinary Repertory$325.00 Add to cart
Rapid Prescribing Using Peculiar Symptoms$6.00 Add to cart
Repertory of Elements$95.00 Add to cart
Repertory of Veterinary Homeopathy$65.00 Add to cart
Sensations “As If” (Repertory of Subjective Symptoms)$16.00 Add to cart
The Complete Repertory Mind (Hardcover)$80.00 Add to cart
The People’s Repertory$40.00 Add to cartCurrently seeking new and exciting opportunities!
I am an award winning Sydney based Industrial Designer with over 8 years industry experience. Working at Sunbeam Australia over the last 5 years I have been involved in the development of a range of world class kitchen appliances delivering them from conception all the way through to the production line in China.
Previously I was working for a leading Australian design consultancy developing products for a number of notable brands including Energizer, Disney / Pixar, Verifone, and Hyundai - Rotem.
Feel free to contact me with any questions or inquiries.
2006, Sunbeam Prize for Excellence in Academic Achievement in the field of Industrial Design
2007, Qantas Spirit of Youth Awards, Industrial Design finalist (Highly Commended, awarded by Marc Newson)
2007, Reece Bathroom Innovation Awards, Student finalist
2008, Design Institute of Australia
NSW Graduate of the year awards, - runner up.
2010, Reece Bathroom Innovation Awards, Professional finalist
2012, Reece Bathroom Innovation Awards, Professional finalist
2012, Australian International Design Awards,
Good Design™ MarkLearning for life.
With our CNC Systems students can be brought into early contact with modern technology and can put their newly acquired knowledge directly into practice.
The familiarization with the CNC technique is mostly due to the teacher's own initiative. Up to now, it consisted of a time-consuming research of the subjects CAD, CAM and CNC and was followed by the selection and learning of the required software as well the choice of a suitable CNC machine. This should not only qualify for classroom usage but should at best also offer a multitude of possible applications.
With The CAD, CAM & CNC Workbook, Fusion 360TM from Autodesk and the multifunction STEPCRAFT CNC Systems, STEPCRAFT provides an overall concept from the idea to its realization. Thus, it is not only cost-efficient but reduces the invest of time to a minimum as well.
Advantages at a glance
Autodesk is one of the global leaders in 3D design, engineering and entertainment software and cooperation partner of STEPCRAFT. Companies in the fields of mechanical engineering, architecture and construction as well as media and entertainment use Autodesk solutions to create, visualize and simulate their ideas.
With Fusion 360TM, Autodesk addresses hobbyists, makers, start-up companies, educational institutions and students for whom the company offers this software free of charge. A powerful CAD/ CAM software is virtually indispensable when designing and adjusting 2D and 3D constructions that shall be produced subsequently. For this purpose, CAM functions have been customized and optimized especially for STEPCRAFT CNC Systems. Additionally, Autodesk not only offers free webinars and tutorials but has a huge online community as well. With Fusion 360TM, Autodesk provides the first 3D CAD / CAM tool encompassing the entire process of product development in a cloud-based solution.
The CAD, CAM & CNC Workbook is a modularly structured textbook addressing the self-educated and teachers for the lower and upper secondary level of education. It contains all basics necessary for computer-aided construction and manufacturing. Starting with the emergence and importance of the CNC technique to basic knowledge regarding the functioning of CAD, CAM and machine control software to the in detail introduction to corresponding programs, The CAD, CAM & CNC Workbook describes and explains the entire way from the idea to the manufactured workpiece.
Due to tangible feelings of success, the integrated practical and project examples, including the respective solution files, ensure a lasting learning effect. Additionally, pre-formulated questions can be found in the comprehension section at the end of each module. Beyond that, The CAD, CAM & CNC Workbook is designed in a modern and attractive way in order to further support the learning process.View All Plants :: View All DECIDUOUS SHRUBS :: View All QUACKIN' GRASS INTRODUCTIONS
Physocarpus opulifolius 'Fire and Brimstone'
Ninebark
Plant Type:DECIDUOUS SHRUBS
Physocarpus opulifolius 'Fire and Brimstone' (EXCLUSIVE) – 1 available. We evaluated for 5 years this Ninebark found as a seedling here at Quackin' Grass. 'Brimstone and Fire' lavishly displays the darkest purple-black foliage we've encountered on any cultivar. The satin finish is much darker than 'Center Glow' and even darker than both 'Diablo' and 'Summer Wine'. Foliage emerges bronze to bronze-purple, more bronze in a wet, cloudy spring; more purple in a drier, sunnier spring. As the season progresses and the days grow longer and sunnier the color gradually darkens to the blackest yet found on any Ninebark - the color in full sun holds better, longer and with virtually no bronzing. And it is key that the shrub is planted in full, blazing sun. The color is not immediate, however; The foliage matures increasingly black as the summer days grow hotter. Typical violet-pink infused white corymbs occur in abundance studding the stems and are beautiful against the blackened leaves. As the seed pods develop they turn a rich, deep, resplendent and glowering red, a really juicy shade – also beautiful against the purple-black leaves. The leaves are brimstone; the seed heads are fire. It's been difficult capturing the actual leaf color in pics... these barely do the plant justice. Site in full blazing sun for the best and darkest foliage color. We expect that in more shade the intensity of shade will diminish and become more bronzed. 'Fire and Brimstone' is adaptable to soil type. if purchased in autumn these will arrive partially pruned. Established potted Ninebark, cutting grown.
Addendum: Having grown this in the garden for 10 years I can tell you that this is a tall grower, the main stem having attained 8+ feet. Additional branches tend to splay outwards. The overall habit is open. Depending upon your needs and the garden denizens with which you are placing 'Fire and Brimstone' this habit may work just fine for you. For instance, we have ours set before a group of 3 Viburnum dilatatum 'Erie'. Cornus sericea 'Kelseyi' sets at the forefront for a handsome combination. It works. Depending upon your needs e.g. if a shorter somewhat denser Ninebark is desired this shrub can be pruned.
Height:8 ft
Spread:5-6 ft
Colors:Violet Pink
Zone:(2)3 to 7
What is my hardiness zone?
Characteristics and Attributes for Physocarpus opulifolius 'Fire and Brimstone'
Season of Interest (Flowering)
- Late Spring / Early Summer
Season of Interest (Foliage)
- Spring / Summer / Autumn
Interesting Bark
- Exfoliating
Autumn Interest
- Fruit / Berries / Seed Heads
- Autumn Leaf Color
Nature Attraction
- Deer Resistant
- Butterflies
- Honey Bees & Native Bees
Light
- Full Sun
Attributes
- Hedge
- Border
- Hedgerow
- Drought Tolerant
- Natural Garden
- Screen
- Shrub Border
- Accent
Growth Rate in the Garden
- Moderately Fast
Soil
- Adaptable
Origins
- Quackin' Grass Nursery
Propagated By
- Cutting GrownLectures on Materia Medica
by Dunham
$20.00
4 in stock
MORE INFORMATION
Dunham analyses in great detail the general effects and proving symptoms of the remedies, finishing off with a description of their practical use. His method is similar to Boenninghausen, who he knew personally. The remedy pictures are portrayed vividly with numerous case studies.This content is from: European Union
How do you solve the second medical use problem?
There’s a problem regarding protecting second and further uses for established medicines in Europe. At least, that’s what Novartis and Teva think
To access our in-house intelligence please request a trial here.
Read this article – and more – for a 30 day period.REQUEST ACCESS
Are you already an Managing IP subscriber? Login here(Family can lead to difficulties in the classroom, on the playing field and beyond.
One of the most prevalent vision issues in children is myopia, or nearsightedness. The condition causes close-up objects to appear clear, but everything becomes blurry and out of focus at a distance.
"Parents have invested billions this year to prepare their children for school, but without the ability to see their best, children will be at a disadvantage in the classroom," said Dr. Millicent Knight, senior vice president of Essilor's Customer Development Group.
Although some schools perform yearly vision screenings, those evaluations aren't always enough to identify vision issues. Parents can take a proactive role in their child's vision health with these tips from the experts at Essilor.
Watch for the Symptoms of Myopia
Many kids believe blurry vision is normal because they've never known anything different. As a parent, being able to spot the signs is key to managing symptoms and potentially slowing progression, if caught early enough. Keep an eye out for these symptoms:
Schedule a Comprehensive Eye Exam
One of the most effective ways to keep your child's eyes healthy is to schedule an annual comprehensive eye exam with an eyecare professional. Not only will a doctor check for vision problems that could interfere with school performance and potentially affect safety, he or she can offer advanced lens technology that keeps pace with the changing needs of children's eye health. Just like annual doctor visits, eye exams should be scheduled once a year as part of your child's health routine.
"We've seen a huge change in children who couldn't see and when they are given glasses they light up because the world is clearer," said Dr. Ryan Parker, O.D., director of professional development at Essilor of America.
Avoid Overexposure
"Today, children's eyes are exposed to harmful blue light, ultraviolet light (UV) and digital eyestrain like never before," Parker said.
While technology is crucial for learning in today's digital world, research suggests too much screen time may put kids at risk of developing myopia as well as digital eyestrain, resulting in tired eyes, headaches, itchy eyes, blurred vision and increased sensitivity to light. To help reduce eyestrain, have children take periodic breaks from their devices and head outdoors.
Know Where to Go for Help
"Parents also need to know that where you go matters as much as when you go," Knight said.
Choosing eyecare professionals, like the network of local, independent Essilor Experts, who prioritize the most advanced lens technologies and are dedicated to their patients' individual needs, can make a difference in the vision outcomes for your children.
Find more information and schedule a professional comprehensive eye exam at essilorusa.com/your-vision.Cooperation partner
Medical Gloves On Sale! | Exam and Surgical Gloves @HPFY- nitrile gloves medical grade face shields for sale near me  ...Face Protection & Face Coverings | staplesa3 ply disposable face masks, dino print, covers nose, mouth, and chin to protect you from germs, sprays, splashes, and droplets. High Quality Non-woven and Meltblown Fabric, Latex-free, Fibre Glass Free. Product Size: 4.9" x 3.74". $9.99.
Gloves that are 5 mil or less are often used in the medical industry, as well as by caregivers to handle patients with incontinence problems. Other gloves, however, may be thicker, so as to allow use in other non-medical applications. Materials also matter when it comes to thickness. For example, nitrile gloves are usually between 5 and 8 mils ...
Find here Nitrile Gloves, Nitrile Examination Gloves wholesaler & Wholesale Dealers in India. Get contact details & address of companies engaged in wholesale trade, manufacturing and supplying Nitrile Gloves, Nitrile Examination Gloves, Disposable Nitrile Gloves across India.
Hard Hats & Face Shields. Face Shields (11 products) An essential piece of protective equipment for many trades and types of work, face shields provide a barrier against harmful substances and particles. Protect your face when working in a hazardous environment with a lightweight, adjustable and comfortable visor from top trade brands, with a ....
Vadodara. Nylon Nitirle Half Dipped Hand Gloves, For Industrial. ₹ 95 / pair. Jyoti Enterprise. Mid forearm 370 Assembly Grip Showa Nitrile Palm Coated Gloves. ₹ 350 / pair. Oriental Enterprises. Pragati Green Nylon Nitrile Hand Gloves For Industrial Use..
Eco Medi-Glove Powder-Free Nitrile Gloves EN455 Medical Standard - Pack of 100 Blue Ambidextrous Latex Free Disposable Medical Examination Gloves (Medium) 4.6 out of 5 stars 400 £12.99 £ 12 . 99 (£0.13/count) £17.99 £17.99
Latex & Nitrile Gloves. Show More. Apply. REFINE RESULTS. ADD A VEHICLE. No Interest if paid in full in 6 months on purchases of $99+ Check out with PayPal Credit Subject to ….
Grease Monkey Large Black 4 Mil Disposable Nitrile Gloves (100-Box) (838) Model# 23890. HDX Black Heavy Duty 6 mil Nitrile Gloves, Powder Free (10-Pack) (49) Model# BLKNL. Grease Monkey Large Black 4 Mil Disposable Nitrile Gloves (40-Box) (47) Model# 23850-014. Top Rated. ...
Medical Gloves at Walgreens. View current promotions and reviews of Medical Gloves and get free shipping at $35.
Uline stocks a wide selection of disposable nitrile gloves, non-latex gloves and powder free nitrile gloves. Order by 6 pm for same day shipping. Huge Catalog! Two Locations in Canada for fast delivery of Nitrile Gloves.
Al Shields 5 ply White KN95 Disposable Respirator Face Mask -3 pk. 3 pk. Sign In to Add. In-Store Pickup Delivery Ship. $6. . 99.
Find a selection of high-quality Disposable Glove products at Costco Business Center for delivery to your business.
Face Shield Alit Medical. Port: FOB China Alit Medical offers premium quality Face Shield for B2B importers and distributors worldwide. Alit Medical is located in Hong Kong and deals exclusively in the production and export of Security & Protection products.
Business listings of Face Shield, Plastic and Glass Face Shield manufacturers, suppliers and exporters in Pune, फेस शील्ड विक्रेता, पुणे, Maharashtra along with their contact details & address. Find here Face Shield, Plastic and Glass Face Shield, Face Shield Corona, suppliers, manufacturers, wholesalers, traders with Face Shield prices for buying..
5 mil Nitrile Powder-Free Gloves, 100 Pc., XX-Large, Light Blue. 5 mil Nitrile Powder-Free Gloves, 100 Pc., XX-Large, Light Blue $ 17 99. Currently Unavailable. Currently Unavailable Add to My List. Save even more with the harbor freight credit card. Get 10% ….
Medical Gloves at Walgreens. View current promotions and reviews of Medical Gloves and get free shipping at $35.
Shop our selection of Medical Gloves and Masks at London Drugs today! Get free shipping on orders over $75 or free in store pickup when you buy online. ... Vitacore CAN99 Disposable Face Mask - 5's. $17.24. Reg. $22.99. View Special Offers PA. Kids 3 Layer Disposable Mask - 50s. $9.99. Reg. $24.99. View Special Offers PA. PA Washable 3D Face ...Home Engineering Engineering Colleges Assam Assam Engineering College, Guwahati Courses & Fees
Year Wise
Total All Fees
Year 1
11,000
Year 2
11,000
Year 3
11,000
Year 4
11,000
11 Companies
Merit based scholarship is offered to deserving candidate
Assam Engineering College established in 1955 is located in Jalukbari area of Guwahati city. The college is approved by the All India Council for Technical Education AICTE. The college offers Bachelor courses (BE) on the fields of Electrical engineering,Chemical Engineering, Civil Engineering, Computer Sc. & Engineering., Electronics & Telecommunication Engineering., Industrial & Prod. Engineering., Instrumentation Engineering. & Mechanical Engineering
Continue To Shortlist
ORMany-many Congratulations to my young friends, all the dignitaries present on the dais on the occasion of 21st youth festival. Though in person I am not with you in Rohtak for lack of time but the view of occasion is making me evident that this occasion has now matured as a 21 year young man. The beaming faces of my young friends coming from across the nooks and corner of this country are look like as the festival of light is being celebrated along with your celebrations.
Today is National Youth Day and birth Anniversary of Swami Vivekananda. I greet the youth of this nation on this very occasion. Swami Vivekananda is one of the finest example of achieving a number of things in a short span of life. He lived a very short life. Swami Vivekananda was a source of unlimited motivations. In his words- “For now our nation calls for youth with strong nerves as well as young ones having strong will power”.
Swami Vivekananda wanted to groom such young generation that was caring as well as mutually trust worthy having no discrimination. Youth is one who without worrying for his past, works for his future goals. Likewise what you all do today becomes.
Friend, today more than 80 crore country men are below the age of 35 years. Treading the path of Swami Vivekananda has the potential of launch of an era that can make India a World Leader.
For all my friends who are at present in Rohtak, this Haryana land is very inspiring. This land of Haryana is of Vedas, Upnishads, Geeta. This land is of brave ones especially the working hero’s as well of famers and soldiers. This is the land of sacred Saraswati. The initiatives of continually marching ahead can be learned from this soil by understanding and safeguarding of own culture.
I am happy to note that this time the theme of this Youth Festival is “YOUTH FOR DIGITAL INDIA”. Youth will be trained in day –to- day Digital Transactions in this festival. My fervent appeal to all the youth present here to train at least 10 persons in their neighbourhood after getting trained from here. In creating a CASHLESS Economy you all have a bigger role. This will be one of your important contribution in the country in getting rid of black money and corruption.
Daughter has been chosen as Logo of this festival. We affectionately named her “MHAARI LAADO”. Through this festival the effort to enhance awareness about “Beti Bachaao Beti Padhaao” is appreciable. Central Government launched this campaign from Haryana itself. This campaign has seen wide ranging impacts here. Things have begun to change. SEX RATIO too have changed remarkably. For this I specially congratulate people of Haryana. This shows that when people decides than impossible can be attained. I am sure Haryana soon will attain a point of pride for this nation.
Youth of Haryana is contributing in a big way in shaping the future of this state. The youth of Haryana have given this country the accolade and proud moments by winning medals in many international sports events for ever.
For attaining new developmental heights more contribution from youth is a dire necessity. The aim of India is to enable our youth in skill and potential for making this century as an Indian Century.
Friends, National Youth Festival are a platform of showcasing your talent. You have come from different cultural backgrounds will have a chance of mutual interaction and assimilation with the diverse culture of this nation. This the real meaning of Ek Bharat- Shreshtha Bharat. Just now we have seen a march past by the cultural troupes from all States and Union Territories.
Ek Bharat- Shreshtha Bharat is an attempt to garland the cultural diversity of nation in one string. This is one spirit despite language divide, diverse food, varied life style and distinguished culture. It is- Indian ness and we all are proud of it.
Interaction between young ones from one state with other will be a new experience. It will pave way for mutual understanding and respect for each other. Assimilation and living together dispels many misgivings and one comes to know that difference of food habits and linguistic divides are superficial things. Insight further make things transparent and makes clear that our values, our human nature and our thinking are alike.
Friends, under Ek Bharat- Shreshtha Bharat two different states have been brought together for One Year partnership. This year Haryana have entered in a partnership with Telangana. Action Points have been drawn for the possible mutual cooperation on a number of subjects. I hope Youth from Telangana will have something very special to learn in Haryana.
Ek Bharat- Shreshtha Bharat is not merely a scheme. It is being pushed forward as a mass movement and this will become a full success only when the youth will support it wholeheartedly.
Young friends this year is being observed as the birth centenary year of Pundit Deen Dayal Upadhyay. He gave the basic mantra Chairaveti- Chairaveti (Move on-move on) to the youth. Means, don’t stop but move on continuously for nation building.
In the age of technology the young ones need focussing on 3 “C”s. For me 3 “C”s means COLLECTIVITY, CONNECTIVITY and CREATIVITY…. . COLLECTIVITY, until we are united and assimilated by dispelling inequality. Collective force is unmatched. The second one is CONNECTIVITY. It’s a new age technology that has made the world very small. The entire world is in your hands. CONNECTIVITY is need of the hour. Through CONNECTIVITY and technology we will enrich human values also. The third one I have mentioned is CREATIVITY which enshrines new thoughts and new INNOVATIONs solving old problems by new approach. This is what we expect from younger generation. When CREATIVITYs decimates, innovation and advancements also halts. So CREATIVITYs should be given as much as opportunities.
So communicate and get connected with each other. Learn being collectively responsible and work on new ideas. Don’t leave your thoughts by merely terming them too small or timid or thinking what others will say on these thoughts. Remember, new and big thoughts have always seen rejections at initial stages. The system that prevails always opposes new ideas. But I hope every such opposition is bound to subside before the youth of our country.
Friends, more than fifty years ago what Pandit Deen Dayal Upadhyay said on Integral Humanism (Ekaatm Maanav vad), do have an important message for the young ones of the nation. Deen Dayal Upadhyay had given a clarion call for nation building in and countering the corruption. He said then:
“We will have to eradicate many customs and will have to go for many reforms. We will do what is required for the fostering of our people and national integrity and will remove the obstacles. We need not cut a sorry figure for the type of physique given to us by the almighty but any kind of abs is in body requires timely surgery. Live and healthy organs should not be chopped off. But we will put an end to the persisting untouchability and discrimination within the society which is proving lethal to the nation if, people doesn’t consider other persons alike them”.
The call by Pandit ji still holds ground. Still there prevails untouchability, corruption, black money, illiteracy and malnutrition in the country. The young ones will have to use their entire energy for the eradication of such maladies. Recently the government has pounced heavily against black money and corruption. The immense support given by my young friends for this action is a glaring evidence of your indomitable desire for the eradication of such evils from within the society.
So when I say my country is changing, then these are your efforts behind it. Thousands and lakhs of youth are confronting social disparities and challenges in their own style. Not only this, they are coming froth with such new ideas that I cannot stop myself bowing before them. Just some days ago I had referred to one little daughter in “Man Ki Baat” who gave the idea of giving mango plant saplings as a return gift to guests coming in marriage ceremonies. What an amazing idea to conserve the environment?
Similarly in one area people were confronting with the shortage of dustbins. So youth there clubbed advertising with dustbins. Now you will find there dustbin at almost every place carrying advertisements. Now there dustbin is called adbin.
Now there are some young ones who paddled cycles in relay format to complete the nearly 6 thousand kilometre long “Golden Quadrilateral Challenge” in 10 days. They had a very attractive motto- “Follow the Rules & India will Rule”.
Such energy enriched youths are present in every nook and corner of our country. Someone is producing electricity from the small rivulets flowing down the hills, someone is crafting house making goods from the garbage and waste material, someone is engaged in providing medical facility to remote areas using technology, and someone is busy in water conservation measures for farmers in drought prone areas. Such millions of youth are toiling hard 24 hours for nation building.
For such energetic young ones I once again repeat the message of Swami Vivekannda- Stand up, get awaken and don’t stop till your goal is attained.
Stand up means vitalise your body, make body energetic and keep the body fit. Sometimes people gets up but they are not awake. So they are unable to judge the things as well as the situation. So it is necessary to get awakened after standing up. Don’t stop till the goal is attained….also carries a message. The concept of goal should be clear first of all.
Not only this, if the destination is not chosen then how one will take the destination bound vehicle? So when the goal is set, make continuous relentless efforts until it is achieved.
Friends, you are present here as country’s intellectual power. Today creative application of youth power is needed. Today it is required that youth mind set should be protected from being misguided. Keeping youth away from crime and addiction is needed. Attain your targets on a new path after due consideration and thought. Infinite horizon of possibilities is in front of you.
Today it is needed that youth should become an exemplary icon of service. Honesty and justice should reflect from their role and character. They should be ready to face any challenge. They should be proud of their glorious heritage. Their conduct and character should be based on moral values. My high emphasis on this aspect is just because it is easy to get deviated from the target rather than the attainment.
Ambition of having happy-luxurious life is alright but along with this duties and responsibilities towards society and nation also should be kept in mind. I am telling you of six challenges that are to be handled.
1. Ignorance towards society
2. Insensitiveness towards society
3. Outdated approach towards society
4. Inability to rise above the thought of caste and creed
5. Misbehaviour with mothers- sisters-daughters
6. Callousness towards environment, irresponsible approach
The youth of today must keep these six challenges in his mind and will have to strive to overcome them. Wherever you live and work, should also have a consideration for these challenges and their solution.
You all are tech-savvy young ones. You have to convey this messages to masses that how a positive change can be brought about in the society.
All of you have to strive for touching the life of those who are deprived, marginalised and exploited. You have to give your time and energy for the betterment of others future. The strength of youth, their energy and approach is highly effective in bringing changes. Now the crores of youth voices have to become the voice of nation and usher in the developmental process further ahead.
My friends you all should touch the new vistas and heights. Chalk out a new vision of development and attain new successes. With this greeting I congratulate you for the National Youth Day and Festival. Have a remembrance of Swami Vivekanand ji, take our innate energy use it for the welfare of society and country especially the poor villagers and farmers and take a resolve to give some of your life time for them. This will give you a life satisfaction and the power attained from this noble deed will itself become a source of energy. My best wishes are with you. Ahead of me is the youth here coming from across the country is another form of mini India. This mini India is full of new inspirations and vigour and is in the land of Geeta which spells the voice of Karma, Nishkam Karma (Work without any desire). You carry it with your resolves so my best wishes for this youth festival.Ad Support : Nano Technology Netbook Technology News Computer Software
The. like seeing a narwhal or a unicorn or something like that.
Mari: Occasionally. I have my moments.
Jay: So, you’ve got a new book coming out in mid-October. Tell us all about it.
Mari: I do. I’m very excited about it. It’s called The New Relationship Marketing
I’m really, really excited because it’s the fusion of what we all know is the technical aspects of social media, what buttons you press, what tools, what stats to measure, all the kind of left brain hard skills as well as something that I’ve really honed a lot over the years, which is the soft skills, the people skills, which is crucialfor real success, in my opinion, in social media online and offline. It’s having skills like empathy and really being able to listen and read between the lines and expressing genuine care and compassion for people, regardless of where they come from. It’s really interesting.
It’s like the whole essence is about leveling out the playing field, if you will, so that brands, businesses of all sizes literally can friend their customers and prospects. I like to think of the acronym B2C and B2B as really being more like P2P now, people to people.
Jay: Do you find that as more and more people gravitate towards social media and start to use the tools and the shortcuts that we lose some of those soft skills, that we misplace those? Look, I can set it on HootSuite or Buffer and forget it, and it’ll fire out automatically, and then we start to lose some of that human touch. I feel like, in some ways, it’s becoming more about the media and less about the social.
Mari: Yeah. I 100% agree, and it’s really interesting. As you and I both know, social media as an industry per se has matured or is maturing. It’s so very young. Actually, Gary Vaynerchuck has this great metaphor. I think he says the Internet, not just social media, is a baby but it has a maturity. I heard him say
this once at an event: It’s a baby with a mustache.
Jay: It’s true. I started online in 1994, which is really early in this game, and that’s a long time, kind of, but it’s fewer than 20 years.
Mari: Right. Well, but the social aspect of it actually was the paradigm shift because businesses are missing out if they think they can just use these tools. There are some terrific tools, HootSuite for example, but if you think that you can just automate, set and forget, you’ll get some results. But it really will not be the same kinds of results if there can be some genuine interaction and someone in charge of that in the company, that could be outsourced, who’s listening and paying attention because you know why, the consumer has come to expect it. They will take their dollars to the company that engages with them and treats them like a real human being, not just a number on a list.
Jay: Yeah. What’s really interesting though is my book, in part, is about speed and having to do things faster as a company. I find that those two things tend to sometimes work at cross purposes. So, customers expect us to be faster as a company, but yet they also expect us to engage with authenticity and with empathy and with caring. It’s hard to do both of those things at the same time, isn’t it?
Mari: It is. It actually is, and there are some tips that I talk about in my book that would be rapport building skills, like using people’s first names. Believe it or not, a person’s first name is the sweetest sounding word in their entire vocabulary.
For example, if somebody’s Twitter handle includes their name, you can still say, “Hi, Jay @JayBaer. It was great chatting with you today, Jay. I really, really appreciate you.” Using people’s first names in any correspondence where it feels natural. If you do it every time and always at the beginning or whatever, it’s going to look forced and contrived. But, naturally, you’re doing your best to communicate online, the same way that you would in person chitchatting with a friend. And even, it’s not necessarily as you scale and get larger as a company or a brand or a person, not having to think that you have to respond to everybody because it’s not humanly possible. It’s not really scalable, but if you respond to enough people in a day in a warm, friendly, sincere way and with the rapport building tips, people can really feel when you’re genuinely giving and helping them versus like, oh yeah, by the way P.S. we can help you and buy our product, and here’s a link, always turning into a sale.
To me, you can accomplish a lot in a short period of time when you are consistently showing up as that genuine and caring person. There are many, many people and brands that do a great job of this.
Jay: I’m glad you mentioned consistency, because a lot of people spend a bunch of time in a row on social media, and they lock it down for two hours or three hours. Then, they go away for the rest of the day or for a week, and it becomes this very staccato participation wave where they’re overwhelmed by it and then they’re not involved at all. I suspect that you recommend the opposite, more of a sustained level of involvement. Is that true?
Mari: A hundred percent. It’s funny. I was just doing a session earlier, and one of the questions I got asked was about how much time a day should you spend. I always find that an awkward question.
Jay: That’s a hard one, yeah.
Mari: Well, it just depends on how much time you have available, what your goals are. What resources do you have available? But, I’ll guarantee you this. If you focus more on consistency versus the amount of time where it is a certain amount, literally you are showing up, it’s more of a consistent presence.
Jay: One of the things that I do to sort of take advantage of how people do dive in and dive out of Twitter, in particular, is a lot of times when I’m tweeting posts of my own, my own blog posts and things like that, I typically tweet those within three minutes of the top or the bottom of the hour, because I figure more people are checking Twitter right before their next appointment or right after their appointment ended.
So, I’ve actually tested it, and I’ve seen a lot better results in that six or seven minute window right before and right after the top of the hour than at 4:22 or 4:44, things like that, when people are probably involved in some sort of a meeting.
Mari: That’s a great tip. That’s an awesome tip. I love HootSuite for Twitter. I use it every single day because you don’t necessarily get penalized or anything for using a third party on Twitter. You do a little bit on Facebook, but it’s great for that scheduling.
Another tip right on the back of what you just shared is one time recently, and I think it’s maybe KISSmetrics that had done this infographic. I’ve lived in the States for eleven and a half years now, and I never knew this. It said 80% of the American population lives in the Central and Eastern time zones, and I’m in Pacific so I maybe start tweeting around 8:00 a.m. Well, it’s already 11:00 a.m. on the East Coast. So, I started to back it up a little bit and program some tweets to go out at 5:00 and 6:00 a.m. my time, and noticed like you better traction for that, too.
Jay: One of the questions that I think is on a lot of people’s minds right now, especially with the release of Google+, is more more? Is doing more in social media, or participating more with relationship marketing, is it a linear relationship? The more time I spend, the better off I’ll be. If I’m in Twitter and Facebook and LinkedIn and Google+, is that inherently better than just being in a couple? I get that kind of question from thought leaders and business owners all the time, and it’s a hard one to answer. What do you think?
Mari: Brilliant question. I love where you’re going with this. Ultimately, it is a personal choice, and the great equalizer is time. We only have 24 hours in a day. Unless you’re a brand or you’re doing real well financially and you just feel like forking out tons and tons of money to community managers so that they can be responding on your behalf, not necessarily as you but for you,
great, my hat’s off to you.
I have great admiration to mention Chris Brogan’s name again. I was a little shocked at first, but I did have some admiration that he just put a sign up on Facebook when Google+ came along. He’s like, “I’ll move. If you want to interact with me, I’m over here.” He’s the first to admit, he never really fully embraced Facebook. For myself, it’s totally different.
Jay: Yeah, almost the opposite, right? That’s always been your place.
Mari: Exactly. I’ve always just been madly in love with them. They are my first love. It was challenging for me in the last – what’s it been now – about six to eight weeks since Google+ really first launched because I was excited. I was saying to people, my God, I’ve never been this excited since May of ’07 when I first got on Facebook.
The cool thing I found, even though there are many, many thought leaders, many experts are on Google+ and they’re sharing voraciously, I found to get some tremendous mileage at one post a day. One post a day, that’s it. That’s the thing we were just saying. The consistency is there.
So, right now I am managing my own presence on Google+ and Twitter. I do all my own tweets. But Facebook is where I implemented a whole new campaign recently, thanks to something I learned from Jeremiah Owyang about scalability. He talked about how it’s really challenging for brands and businesses to use social media as a customer service mechanism because it’s a bottomless pit.
You keep throwing money at more community managers, and it just keeps scaling and scaling. His recommendation was to create a customer advocacy program. I’ve actually recently implemented what I call my MVPs or Mari’s Valuable Peeps. I have about a half dozen members of my community, who totally for free, out of the goodness of their heart, are answering questions for me on my fan page.
I give them exposure in exchange. I drive people to their sites and their pages. They get business because they’re in a slightly different business, doing fan page design. You’ve got to find what works for you.
Jay: The thing is those people will rise to the challenge. They’re hungry for an assignment, and that is very much what AOL did back in the day when AOL found themselves with tens of thousands of chat rooms, back when that was the thing, pre-Facebook, pre-Twitter, pre-MySpace.
So, you can’t, as a company, have 10,000 paid moderators, right? It just doesn’t pencil out. So, they said, “Okay which of you people who are totally into goldfish or Harley-Davidsons, or whatever this is about, wants to be the king of the geeks? Raise your hand. Congratulations, you’re the moderator.” It makes a lot of sense. It’s a smart strategy.
Mari: You can do that. You do that on a fan page on Facebook because people can post as their own fan page.
Jay: One of the things I like a lot about the book, and I’ve had a chance to read most of it, is you talk a lot about having a brand positioning for yourself, right? So, knowing what role you play, not in an artificial way, but what role do you play in these communities? In your case, you are the relationship marketing expert. You are the Facebook marketing expert. Everybody who knows you knows that, and you are extraordinarily good at staying consistent about what it is that you do and the value that you offer. However, I see a lot of people doing that poorly, as I’m sure you do as well. So my question is: What do you think is the bigger mistake, inconsistency of effort or unfocused branding?
Mari: I would probably go with the latter, because I think you literally only have a few brief seconds to make a first impression. If you’re all over the place, you’re saying you wear six different hats, you’re an expert in this, you also do that. You have 40 million links for people to check out. It’s like too much already. You look like someone who is not focused and is not clear. People will much prefer to do business with a specialist than a generalist. Once you get that piece locked down, you know what you stand for. You’ve got your focus in place, which I always love to have the acronym focus stand for “follow one course until successful.”
Jay: To be a true relationship marketing expert, can you do that as a content curator, or do you have to be a content creator? Curation is all the rage now. Everybody wants to go out there and show people what are good resources versus what are not good resources. It’s valuable, and I do a lot of it, as you do as well. But can you really get to where people want to get by just doing curation, do you think?
Mari: Well, it’s a brilliant start. Somebody who may be making a career transition or they really want to establish themselves as a thought leader and become an authority. I love how the root word of authority is author. If you want to be an authority in a niche, author more, write more. It doesn’t mean you have to have a published book. Eventually, you might, but write more content for blogs, for your social profiles, for commenting, etc., but in addition you want to be a great curator.
The key distinction from the relationship marketing standpoint is you want to put yourself into the curation. Don’t just hit retweet, retweet, retweet, and forward, forward, share. Actually make a little comment.
Jay: Fantastic. The book is amazing. People are going to benefit from it so much. I’m looking forward to it hitting the bookstore shelves
(in mid October) it’s The New Relationship Marketing from Mari Smith.
The root of authority is author, everybody remember that. And follow one course until successful. Everybody remember that. Thank you very much for the time, and I really appreciate it.
Mari: And you, likewise. Thank you.As highlighted by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), refugee education is today in crisis. With millions of people who are currently refugees mainly hosted in low- and middle income countries as well as in least developed countries, the challenges are important. In view of Education 2030 – Sustainable Development Goal 4 and the recent massive influx of refugees UNESCO seeks to draw attention to the fact that, in order to guarantee the right to education for all, it is critical that all those in a refugee-like situation enjoy equal access to an education of good quality.
This Working Paper aims to provide an overview of the international legal framework protecting the right to education of refugees worldwide, including the obligations of States, as well as the main current issues. It also shows that, despite the existence of a strong applicable framework to guarantee the right to education of refugees worldwide, the challenges and obstacles encountered in this context may dramatically prevent its enjoyment. The paper also emphasizes that, even though ensuring the right to education is fundamental in all phases of the situation, there is a particular need to draw attention to the stabilisation phase. This phase relates to a structural context involving host states’ educational policies and legal frameworks as well as matters related to the adaptation and integration. With a view to effectively protecting the right to education for refugees and seeking sustainable policy solutions, the main features of the right to education – availability, accessibility, acceptability and adaptability – may offer a relevant framework for States to adopt and implement solid legal and policy national frameworks prohibiting discrimination or exclusion based on any ground and protecting fundamental rights. Therefore, sustainable policy responses based on effective implementation of States’ legal obligations will ensure the fulfilment of refugees’ right to education, responding to the ambition of an inclusive and equitable quality education by 2030.UK government plans to slash transport emissions by decarbonizing aviation, trucks and rail
- The shift to a zero emission transport sector will require significant investment in areas such as charging infrastructure
- Wednesday's announcement drew a mixed response from a wide range of stakeholders within industry.
The U.K. government said Wednesday it wanted to create a net zero transport sector by the year 2050, as it looked set to publish details of a long-awaited decarbonization plan later today.
According to a news release from the government — the full report had not been made available as of lunchtime on Wednesday — a key part of the roadmap is a goal to "phase out the sale of new diesel and petrol heavy goods vehicles (HGVs) by 2040."
If realized, this ambition — which is subject to consultation — would complement the government's previously announced plans to stop the sale of new diesel and gasoline cars and vans by 2030 and require, from 2035, all new cars and vans to have zero tailpipe emissions.
Among other things, authorities are also targeting a net zero railway network by the middle of this century and want net zero aviation emissions by 2050.
The shift to a zero emission transport sector, the U.K.'s largest emitter of greenhouse gases, will require significant investment in areas such as charging infrastructure and the development of new systems and technologies.
In a written statement to the U.K. Parliament, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said: "The plan published today is genuinely high ambition – technically and feasibly – for all areas of transport and notes that decarbonisation will rely, in part, on future transport technology, coupled with the necessary behavioural and societal change."
Among those reacting to the plan were Helen Clarkson, CEO of international non-profit The Climate Group. "There is no world in which the decarbonisation of transport happens overnight," she said, "so we await further clarity from the Government around the timelines for these plans and encourage them to look beyond ambition to action."
Industry responds
Wednesday's announcement drew a mixed response from a wide range of stakeholders within industry. Elizabeth de Jong, Logistics UK's director of policy, said the government's plan would "help to provide logistics businesses with confidence and clarity on the steps they must take on the pathway to net zero."
"Consultation on proposed phase out dates for new diesel HGVs should enable business to move forwards with confidence," she added.
Elsewhere, the Road Haulage Association said that while it supported the decarbonization of trucks, the government's plan was "speculative, potentially damaging to business, and short on detail."
Richard Burnett, the RHA's chief executive, claimed that the proposal as it stood was "unrealistic."
"These alternative HGVs don't yet exist – we don't know when they will and what they will cost," he said. "It's also not clear what any transition will look like – this is blue skies aspiration," he added.The software and telephony giant have signed an important agreement for the mobile world: purchase digital content on the Windows online store by paying with phone credit.
For owners of Windows Phone 7.5 and 7.8 it's a big step forward, they will be able to buy apps and games without using a credit card. They will only have to change the pre-set payment method on the smartphone and wait for the confirmation email with the details of the transaction from Vodafone.
The agreement is strategic and profitable for both: Microsoft will increase the revenues of the Windows Phone Store e Vodafone which anticipated rivals will become more competitive.Just a quick note to say that BBC Radio 4’s Book of the Week this week is Brain Matters by Katrina Firlik (mentioned previously here and here on Mind Hacks).
The book tackles Firlik’s work as a neurosurgeon and will be broadcast in five parts. Each will be available online for a week after broadcast.Enhanced Feature Announcement: Best Times
We’ve enhanced the “Best Times” section of your My Account page, making it easier than ever to clearly see your swimmer’s best times and time history.
When you’re logged in to your team’s SwimTopia website simply go to “My Account” then click on your swimmer’s name. Under “Best Times” you now see your swimmer’s best SwimTopia recorded time for each event they have ever swum. Simply click on each event to see their full time history for that event. The information displayed is then sortable by times or date, making it really easy to see how your swimmer has progressed over the season, or over the years!
You can add even more useful search criteria by clicking “Display Options”. This feature allows you to choose what information you would like presented: you can specify the course, whether you want the times converted, the timeframe you’d like shown, and even which types of times you want shown (e.g. if you want to exclude “unofficial results”, relay splits, etc).
Check it out. We think you’ll like it!Manfredi disliked his narrow smile and crowded, pointy teeth. He also wanted more teeth on show when he smiled.
Incognito lingual braces widened Manfredi's smile. The treatment was completed with four front veneers.
After a course of tooth whitening, Dr Adam Thorne placed four front veneers to complete a fantastic smile.
free guide
Your privacy is always protected
Want to find out about how treatments at the world-renowned Harley Street Dental Studio can help you achieve your perfect smile? Take our free e-consultation to find out.START YOUR FREE E-CONSULTATIONSDCC 2019: Marvel Studios' 'Hawkeye' on Disney+ Announced Starring Jeremy Renner
Streaming exclusively on Disney+, Fall.
Jeremy Renner came on stage to reveal the previously undisclosed title of the Hawkeye Disney+ original series. He joined Kevin Feige to share exciting news about Marvel Studios' Hawkeye, including details about Kate Bishop, a character well-known in Marvel Comics, who will be an integral part of the series.
Marvel Studios' Hawkeye launches on Disney+ in the fall of 2021.
Stay tuned to Marvel.com for more details!Schubin Cafe Webinar: 4K, High Frame Rate, High Dynamic Range, and Wide Color Gamut
Did you miss out on Mark Schubin’s in-depth webinar on 4K (UHD), high frame rate, high dynamic range, and wide color gamut to see which really gives viewers the best picture, and what it will cost you in resources to provide? No worries – the full webinar is now posted online at the Schubin Cafe. […] MoreBeautiful Mistake
Shifter World | Royal-Kagan | Book #2
*Purchase the eBook for $4.99 or read for FREE with Kindle Unlimited.
Don’t have Kindle Unlimited? Get it HERE.
Shop now at:
The shifter who bites you…
Keeps you?
Lena Burnett will do anything for her family, even turn herself into bait to lure an enemy pride away from her shifter stepsister. Getting captured, then being separated from her sisters isn is an epically awesome dose of shifter love. It comes highly recommended from me to anyone who enjoys a hot, racy, action packed tale that keeps you on your toes.”
Chapter 1
Devin Moore peered through the windshield at the sprawling mansion. He took in the small pond, the English garden with its ornate fountain, and the hedge maze. Butterflies fluttered above the bushes. A frog hopped from a lily pad into the water. And a squirrel ran down the side of a tree.
There were no standoffs. No fighting lions. No gun-toting agents. No people whatsoever. For the scene of a shifter trafficking deal, the property was essentially deserted. Only the fancy red sports car parked near the front door offered any indication that the large home was occupied.
“Are you sure this is the place?” Devin asked.
Kade, his pride leader, caught his gaze in the rearview mirror. “I put the address Shifter Affairs gave us into my phone’s GPS. I’m sure.”
Six hours ago, Shifter Affairs, the small unit of the government dedicated to shifter-related issues, contacted their pride with an update on Molly, their missing lion cub. The agent working her case had not only found their preschooler but was in the process of organizing a retrieval. Time was of the essence. He’d discovered Molly was set to be sold to a lion shifter pride.
The older human had broken protocol by contacting the Alexander pride directly. Devin, along with his pride members, were liaisons to the department, not full-fledged agents. They did recon, followed up on low probability leads, and helped rehabilitate recovered shifters. As civilians, they weren’t supposed to be exposed to any dangerous situations.
Devin didn’t care if his life was endangered. He’d wade into a gunfight, a fire, anything, if it meant saving a kid, but the closer they got to the quiet house, the stronger his unease grew. The three predators who shared his body—tiger, lion, and jaguar—matched his wariness.
They were walking into a trap.
Trained task force members should’ve been called in to deal with any confirmed shifter trafficking case. Yet, no government cars were on site. Hell, there should’ve at least been a Delaware state trooper here. Although not all humans knew shifters existed, many larger law enforcement agencies had at least one individual who did. That person was often the first responder. Not today.
He focused on the expensive car. “It’s odd nobody from Shifter Affairs has arrived.”
Xander, the male Devin considered a brother despite the fact Xander housed wolves instead of big cats, turned in his seat and leveled a stare from hardened brown eyes at Devin. “You know how slow the humans can be, especially when it’s not one of their own in jeopardy.”
“But why call us immediately?”
“Guilt?” Kade shrugged. “The agent who called is the same one who had Rafe escorted out with an order not to return until he could act like a civilized person, not an animal.”
Rafe, Kade’s twin, had contacted the humans for help finding the little girl a few weeks prior but hadn’t been given the warmest of responses. The agents had hundreds of missing shifter cases. Molly was only one of many lost kids. The explanation hadn’t soothed Devin, not when Molly’s sister, Megan, was crying for her twin.
“Look.” Xander motioned to the side of the house with a jerk of his head, his black hair swinging with the move. He shoved it out of his eyes with an annoyed grunt. “Guess the humans will have to sit this one out.”
Devin turned his attention to the group moving from the house to the five-car garage. Close to a dozen shifter males surrounded a human woman and a little girl. Only glimpses of the two females were visible between the tight circle of bodies, but Devin saw enough. Molly’s white-blonde hair was unmistakable. So was the human’s hand twined with the largest of the lion shifters.
“Recognize them?” Xander asked.
“Yeah. They’re members of Edmund’s pride.” The aura surrounding them was one Devin was intimately familiar with. He’d watched it fade as his sister’s rapist lay dying in a pool of his own blood.
“Devin’s right. They’re from the Krisban pride.” Kade gripped the steering wheel with claw-tipped hands. “Last I heard, they were in trouble with the human government for keeping human females as sex slaves too.”
“So what are we going to do with them?” Devin asked, even though he knew the answer. As a lower member of the pride, he understood his place in the pride’s hierarchy. His rank didn’t allow him to order his alpha around.
“Invoke Pride law.”
“I want first blood.” And if the government decided to punish them for it, Devin would be the one who paid for the crime.
“It’s yours.” Kade turned the wheel hard, exposing Devin’s side of the car to the group.
Devin leapt from the moving vehicle, hitting the blacktop on a roll.
Two fully shifted lions charged him. He spread his legs and waited until they jumped him before unleashing his claws. One swipe. Two. And their heads fell with a thump. He kicked them aside and ran toward the throng of males.
Kade’s car spun, coming to a stop on the other side of the group. Devin didn’t look to see if Xander and Kade ran to the house or attacked the rival shifters. His gaze remained locked on the human female’s fingers twined with the bastard who’d thought to kidnap Molly.
Devin wanted the woman away from the male. The urge built into a compulsion. His cats fed it. Devin didn’t know why it suddenly seemed important, but he wasn’t about to give in to it. Getting Molly away from the pride known across the globe for their cruelty was all that mattered.
He focused on the need to save Molly and charged them. The other shifter released the female’s hand and spread his arms wide, inviting the fight. The male’s cockiness wouldn’t last, not once Devin ripped him open with a single slash from his sharpened nails.
Movement caught his attention. The female picked up Molly and ran toward the house. He wanted to go after them, but it was better if they hid. Molly didn’t need to witness the bloodshed he’d deliver. However, the sooner he eliminated the threat, the sooner he’d be able to help Kade with Molly, calming her and easing her fears.
Devin curled his upper lip, exposing his fangs, and met the shifter, slamming into the smaller male’s body. They hit the hard pavement and rolled onto the grass next to the driveway.
The lion shifter pinned Devin to the ground with clawed hands dug into Devin’s shoulders. Glowing hazel eyes focused on him. Hatred burned in them. The sight of them yanked a memory out of the depth of Devin’s mind when another lion shifter had stared at him. Those hazel orbs had been unfocused and hazed with pain, yet the depravity in them had been clear.
“Your whore sister sealed her fate. She’ll suffer for this. My pride will make sure of it.”
Devin shook his head to clear it of Edmund’s dying words. It didn’t do any good. For three centuries, they had replayed in Devin’s soul, taunting and angering him.
Reminding him of his biggest failure.
Devin slammed his forehead against the other male, knocking him back, then reversed their position. Edmund’s image superimposed over his distant relative. The male’s hair lengthened, and his lips thinned. It wasn’t real. Devin’s mind was messing with him. He recognized the signs. Couldn’t stop them. His hatred for Edmund had never abated. Devin had failed Mira. Gotten to her too late. She’d had to save herself.
A snarl tore from Devin’s throat. He gave himself over to the anger—to the guilt he could never escape—and ripped the male’s throat out. The shifter’s death didn’t ease his remorse, but the sneering laugh echoing in Devin’s head cut off. At least for the moment.
He dragged his hand across his bloody mouth. A weight landed against his back, knocking him to the ground. With his eyes closed, so as not to be pulled into another memory, Devin rolled with his attacker.
Devin’s cats supplied the sensory details to replace the loss of his vision—the male’s heartbeat betraying his rage, his scent identifying him as a Krisban, and the flexing of his muscles warning of an attack. Devin took the clues his cats supplied him and acted.
With a swipe of Devin’s hand, he tore his opponent’s gut open. Another blow and the male’s growls stopped.
More males came at Devin. All met the same fate. He lost track of how many lives he took. Didn’t care, either. They meant to steal Molly. Hurt her. Just like the Krisban males had wanted to do to Mira. Their women were treated as slaves, breeders. That hadn’t changed over the three centuries since Edmund wanted to trap Mira into the role of his mate. Devin knew. He kept tabs on this pride.
He pivoted on his heel to attack the last male. The other shifter’s heartbeat grew fainter. Devin glanced over his shoulder in the direction of the sound and got the rear view of the other shifter’s arms and legs pumping as the coward fled across the front lawn.
Devin took two steps after him, then stopped. The screech of squealing tires pierced the air. He turned. Taillights disappeared around the bend.
Shit.
He swept his gaze over the scene of carnage. Bodies littered the ground. No sign of his friends, the human female, or Molly. He glanced toward where the expensive car had been. Gone.
He snarled, fists clenching and releasing at his sides. His anger fed the predators sharing his body until he vibrated with the effort it took to contain the three big cats he’d been born with. The animals wanted to be released. To hunt. To kill.
Colors faded from the world around him. Vertigo took hold, making the ground tilt under his feet. He stumbled and nearly fell in the blood-soaked grass.
A door slammed behind him, saving him from slipping into one of the mental episodes that had plagued him since his youth. For years, he’d hidden the blackouts, a result of shouldering his twin Mira’s punishment. Lately, he’d had trouble keeping the episodes in check, not surprising, really. Stress and rage triggered the memories. He’d lived with both emotions these past few months, ever since the prophecy involving Mira became a hot topic at the Shifter Council meetings. The reason given to Devin by one of the single shifters—curiosity—didn’t satisfy him.
The Council was up to something. Devin was sure of it, but he didn’t know what. That lack of knowledge had left him frustrated and tense. And the situation with Molly? Yeah, it drove him to the brink of insanity. No way would he walk away, though. He hadn’t saved Mira, but he would save Molly.
He faced the house. Kade and Xander ran toward him.
“She tricked us. There are freakin’ hidden corridors in that house. We lost them,” Kade called out.
Devin pointed in the direction the car had gone with a thankfully steady hand. No need to let his pride leader know how close he’d come to losing complete control. “She took off.”
A savage grin spread over Kade’s face that didn’t match his blond-beach-bum features. “Then let’s go round us up some prey.”
That was exactly what they’d be. Devin had no mercy for anyone involved in the trafficking of shifters or humans. One question remained, though. What side did the brown-haired female fall on?
No matter what her involvement in Molly’s situation, the woman wasn’t getting away. Devin would make sure of it.
Continue Reading
Beuatiful Mistake has a content rating = late night Cable TV (eg. Game of Thrones, Outlander, The Witcher, The Handmaid’s Tale).
This book is the Mainstream Fiction version of Devin by Dana Archer, closed-door pen name of Nancy Corrigan.
If you prefer closed-door romance without harsh language, then Dana Archer’s version is for you.
“The chemistry between Devin and Lena is blistering…very well written with a very distinctive plot.”
“The story was fast paced, emotional and steamy.”
Are you looking for more books from the Shifter World®?
The Shifter World is an ever expanding collection of stories.
Each book can be read as a standalone, but many readers devour them all.
Find your official Shifter World novels right here!200 views |
Nov 6, 2020
Five Ways Small Businesses Can Navigate Disputes – Including Threats Of Legal Action
Though immensely stressful, if you act decisively, with poise, and you are rooted in finding a positive solution for all parties involved, you are more likely to emerge on the other side of a customer dispute with minimal damage.Ashley Madison Evaluate Archives
Chelsea has become a direct victim of dating scams little dropping more than $35, 000 in a duration of a month in 2015. She become a member of and took over operations of RomanceScams. org in 2015. Stipulate your interests and find potential companions. Nevertheless , downloading the app for your smartphone costs a bit
WeiterlesenA US court blocked same-sex marriages in California until at least December while an appeal is considered, in a battle over gay rights that could make its way to the Supreme Court.
The decision by the federal court of appeals came hours after gay marriage opponents urged a ban on the unions to be maintained in the West Coast state, after a judge earlier this month made a landmark decision to overturn it. authorized same-sex weddings to begin again on August 18, allowing a week for.
Gay rights advocates expressed disappointment at the decision.
 had filed motions last Friday demanding same-sex marriages be allowed to resume immediately.
Judge Walker had last week found in favor of activists who argued that the California referendum which barred same-sex marriage was discriminatory and therefore violated the US Constitution.
The referendum, known as Proposition 8, was passed by a 52 percent, once appeals hearings in lower courts have run their course.On Thu, 23 Sep 2004, Andrew Belashov wrote: > Daniel Eischen wrote: > > Wouldn't you also see same behavior (bugs) in other things, like > > getcontext(), setcontext(), and swapcontext() (kern_context.c)? > > No. uap structure is not used after set_mcontext(). Have you tried copying the uap (flags, tmbx) before setting the context and using the copy thereafter? -- Dan EischenThe durable Oversized Tote in Cinnamon by New Zealand homewares & lifestyle brand, Città Design is the ideal companion for venturing to the markets or storing your daily essentials while you're on the go. This bag features a separate internal pocket with a zip closure.
Size: 45 x 10 x 50cmh
Material: 100% cotton canvas
Care: Spot clean with damp cloth. Dry naturally in shade..Showa ]
Overview
MCL-E-795G is an advanced functional laminate material for semiconductor package substrates used in such fields as large servers in data centers and high-performance computing (HPC)..
View source version on businesswire.com:
Contacts
Showa Denko Materials Co., Ltd.
Ei Jo
+81-3-5533- 6704
jo.ei.xigre@showadenko.com
Showa Denko Materials (America), Inc.
Eiji Kishimoto
+14088239634
eiji.kishimoto.xmstj@showadenko.com
Showa Denko Materials (Europe) GmbH
Florian Pape
+491624056186
florian.pape.xmscb@showadenko.comLocation
My personal play space is currently located in the borough of Telford and Wrekin within the county of Shropshire, easily accessible via car or train with plenty of free local parking available.
Discretion is essential, and you can be assured that my play space is both discreet and private boasting a fetish and if required, domestic setting.
Furniture
My fetish setting houses a varity of furniture including:
- St Andrew’s cross
- Whipping bench
- Low bondage bed
- Large cage
- Toilet box
- Toilet frame
- Cross chair with restraint points
Equipment
I have a large amount of equipment collected over my time as a professional dominatrix, this includes but is not limited to:
- Vast selection of anal toys, plugs and dildos varying in size from small to extra large
- Anal hooks
- CP implements, most of which are hand crafted and carefully selected (straps, canes, paddles, crops, floggers etc)
- Doxy vibrating wand
- Electric devices
- Collars/leashes
- Hoods
- Gags (various ball gags, bit gag, O ring gag)
- Ball crusher, humbler, weights
- Penis pump
- CBT board
- Nipple clamps
- Chastity cages
- Pin wheel
- Bondage rope, wrap, tape
- Restraint cuffs, mitts, belts
- Medical equipment (needles, clamps, surgical set up
And much, much more!
My equipment and furniture is kept in immaculate repair and sanitised/sterilized to the highest possible standard using hospital grade products, heat and UV light. Condoms and gloves are used with all anal insertions and all surfaces are thoroughly cleaned before and after each session.
I hold certificates in basic first aid as well as bloodborne pathogens and cross contamination. Your health and safety is paramount to me, and I do everything possible to uphold a safe and clean area for us both to play.
Aside from the practicalities you can be assured of a warm, welcoming, and atmospheric environment for our session to take place in.
Odds Preview 561
The Bruins will play the Purple Aces Belmont spread at -9.5 points. Sb3gen2 has the best underdog Evansville spread at +9.5 points.
Review our point spread betting tutorial and video for more information.The over under line estimates the combined total of each team's final score. Sb3gen1 has the best over line of 135 points laying $110 to win $100. Sb3gen2 has the best under line of 135.5 u -110.Here are money lines for the outright winner. Favorite Belmont has a minus value. Lay $515 at Sb3gen1 to win $100. Underdog Evansville has a positive value. Risk $100 at Sb3gen1 to win $410. 21:19:44
Evansville Championship Odds
Cached 2021-11-26 21:19:44In the event you pay further for Tinder Gold or is they sufficient to has Tinder Additionally? The solution varies according to what your needs become with Tinder. Tinder Plus vs silver: the greatest deathmatch!
In this specific article, we’re going to evaluate both of these subscription solutions’ characteristics and cost. Following assessment, we shall tell you that you simply can buy predicated on your requirements.
Table of articles
Tinder Gold vs In addition shared characteristics
When it comes to functions, they’ve been fairly easy examine. Currently, Tinder silver provides all of the features that Tinder Plus has actually as well as 2 exclusive characteristics that are not available in Tinder In addition.
The mutual properties are after:
- No ads: you’re not revealed any advertising during swiping
- Rewind: possible bring your final swipe right back whether it is a left swipe the right swipe or a Superlike
- Passport: You’ll be able to improve your location to any spot worldwide anytime you desire and swipe neighborhood pages truth be told there
- Hide your age and place: You’ll be able to conceal your local area and your age from your visibility if you wish to
- Control whom views your: You get usage of the style where you could pick whether you should end up being proven to those pages whom you have already liked or go with the regular Tinder formula
- 1 cost-free Raise each month: you receive 1 Improve monthly complimentary. Very helpful characteristics, while using an improvement, you obtain half an hour of higher profile publicity. It means you ‘skip the range’ along with your profile is revealed 30 circumstances more regularly when compared with a typical period.
- 5 SuperLikes a day: you can make use of 5 Superlikes daily free. Truly questionable if ultra likes are effective whatsoever, but about you can easily try out the impacts by sending 5 Superlikes every day.
So you’re able to utilize most of these features whether you have got benefit or Gold.
Tinder plus vs Gold function distinctions
When you’ve got Tinder Gold, you obtain entry to these exclusive qualities:
- Ten Best Selections every day
- Read Exactly Who Wants your function
We assessed thoroughly these features on the site, but here is the gist of those studies. You can read this quick video if you should be into this short summary associated with Tinder Premium solutions:
Tinder Plus vs Silver Ten Best Picks
With leading Picks you get 10 users selected by Tinder algorithm truly for your needs. Tinder states that the algorithm shows ten swipe-worthy prospective profiles with whom you bring an increased probability of matching. They use your swiping and visibility facts and AI systems to get the perfect users actually individually.
Predicated on my personal knowledge, these profiles are indeed attractive, but regardless of AI and device training formula Tinder makes use of to decide on these pages, these best selections seldom turn-to actual matches. Therefore it gives you 10 extremely appealing possibilities matches, but you still won’t genuinely have a lot more suits just because of your function.
Tinder Plus vs silver – discover who enjoys You
More of use element of Tinder silver are Likes You. It lets you know which profiles enjoyed your that you didn’t swipe left or best but.
Whenever Tinder silver was introduced, it actually only had this feature and soon after they extra 10 best Picks, but once we posses described, it performedn’t really pet chat room net improve the worth of Gold plan. Very to decide whether you can purchase Tinder silver or In addition actually is based on 1 question (in the event the price is unimportant for your needs): is it possible to bring advantages out of the loves You showcase?
The clear answer is pretty very easy to this matter: If both these below point is correct available, purchase Tinder silver for Tinder loves me personally showcase (if you possess the money because of it):
- For those who have an above-average take a look along with your profile is just right with top-notch pictures and you are clearly getting loads of suits daily.
- You might be uninterested in swiping and just need on the talks and flirting after that Likes You feature is actually a good choice for you
If a minumum of one with the details just isn’t true available for you, it does not really sound right getting Tinder silver.
The truth is that in the past few years a lot of the people in Tinder get a lot fewer and a lot fewer matches due to larger competition, changes in Tinder formula and brand-new paid characteristics like Tinder ultra Increase that are all lowering the exposure from the typical Tinder users
There’s something you certainly can do yourself to alter this trend for you personally while increasing their fit quantity but Tinder Gold won’t help you with that. If you’d like to spend money to get more fits, buy either loads of Tinder Boost and sometimes even think about purchasing a fairly pricey but helpful Tinder Super Increase.
Tinder Silver vs Benefit Rate
With regards to pricing, Tinder silver is commonly around 30-50% more expensive than Tinder advantage. As with all Tinder premiums properties, the prices of the subscriptions changes according to your sex, real place and age. However, the regular pricing in america are soon after:
If you’re under 30, Tinder positive are 9.99 USD for 1 perfect month, plus its 19.99 USD if you are above 3 decades outdated. Tinder silver has an identical pricing structure, if you are under 30 next Tinder silver is 19.99 USD for 1 month and 29.99 USD if you find yourself above 30.149
Sold Out $33.49 USD
This Black and White Checkered Table Cover Roll is perfect for decorating for a fifties party, race day event and more! Each Black Checkerboard Plastic Table Cover measures 40" wide x 100' long.
3 Business Day(s) Production Time plus Shipping
Collections: 50s Theme Party After Prom Party Supplies After Prom Themes Birthday Party Essentials Birthday Party Supplies Birthday Party Tableware Corporate Event Tableware Corporate Events Events & Occasions Father - Daughter Dance Tableware & Centerpiece Father's Day Tableware Fifties Birthday Theme Party Supplies Fundraising Banners Fundraising Events Homecoming Supplies Homecoming Tableware Homeschool Supplies Hot Cocoa Theme Party Outdoor Prom Party Supplies Prom Supplies Prom Table Covers Prom Tableware Retirement Party Retirement Party Tableware School Event Essentials School Event Tableware School Events School Fundraising Sports Party Essentials Sports Party Supplies Stars Birthday Theme Party Supplies Table Covers Tableware Test Theme Party Supplies
Type: Unknown Type
Category: Age Group|Adult Age Group|Big Kids (9 - 12 years) Age Group|Teen (13 - 19 years) Color|Black Color|White Event|Birthday Event|Corporate Event Event|Fundraising Event|Homecoming Event|Parades & Festivals Event|Prom Event|Retirement Party Event|School Events Gender|Gender Neutral Product Type Category|Tableware Product Type|Table Covers Sport|Racing Theme|1950'sKeep your youngster warm and comfortable in this flexible 3/2 wetsuit that features non-chafing flatlock stitched seams. Smoothskin 3mm front panel promotes water shedding and wind and sun protection. Back zip. Blue/Black. Junior sizes 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, 16Size Chart2 (3'8-3'11) 45-50 lbs.4 (3'11-4'2) 50-55 lbs.
6 (4'2"-4'4") 55-60 lbs8 (4'4-4'6) 60-65 lbs.10 (4'6-4'8), 65-75 lbs12 (4'8-4'10) 70-80 lbs.
14 (4'10"-5.0") 80-90 lbs
16 (5'0-5'2), 95-110 lbs.I've seen few threads with pics of the sport with 35" tires.(or 315/70/17) Will you post pics and provide thoughts on your tires/wheels/lift and how you like your 3.45 gearing and ride with 35's? I have a sport s with rubicon takeoff suspension/wheels/tires and would like to add a 2-2.5" spacer lift to the rubi suspension(2.5" RC spacer lift or 2" teraflex)and go to 315/70/17 ko2 class c on stock rims without adding wheel spacers. I'm a bit odd in not liking the tires sticking out past the fenders. Thanks for posting pics!
AdvertisementMy Blog
You.Advertisement
Eson l110 ink pad resetter - Epson L210 is a moment generation printer which is the successor to Epson L200. As 1 of the serial from the Epson L Series inkjet printers, the Epson L210 is a multifunctional device that unifies print, scan, and copy functions inwards a printer device. The Printer with a physical dimension of 472 10 300 x 145 mm has a weight of four.4 kg.
With a compact in addition to unproblematic pattern that characterizes the Epson L series, this multifunctional printer has a fairly unique control Panel push button located. The ability push as well as another buttons are located inward the heart at the front of the printer. Quite unique because the A4 multifunction inkjet printer is rarely position a printer panel on the forepart.
How to reset Epson L100, L210, L300
Open its Reset Program: Adjprogcracked
Choose Select to select the Model, Dest, Language, too USB Port of your printer that y'all are using,
Select the model cite (Printer type), take L210, to Port only go out "Auto pick ", then click on OK
Next choose: Particular adjustment style,
Then choose: "Waste ink pad counter ",
Click OK,
Then click "Check " together with expect similar this "Reading at once "
Then tick or checkup "Main pad counter ",
Then select: "Initialization ",
Just click "OK " too it will "Initializing like a shot.... ",
If it is successful volition appear the message "Please turn off the printer ", which agency yous must kickoff plow off your Epson L210 printer, plow it off briefly and and so plough it back on,
Click "OK ",
Exit exclusively the Epson L210 Resetter Program.
Your Epson L210 Printer is ready for printing or reprint.... Enjoyy....
Download resetter epson l110-l210-l300 l355
Download RESETTER EPSON
Advertisement
2 Comments
I wanted to thank you for this excellent read!! I definitely loved every little bit of it. I have you bookmarked your site to check out the new stuff you post. Download macOS Catalina VMware
Tidak bisa di downlot
EmoticonEmoticonIntegrated Curriculum and Financial Planning (ICFP)
“ICFP is an important way to review a school’s financial and resource management planning and use against its widest curriculum delivery aims. It helps integrate a school or trust’s teaching and learning ambitions with appropriate strategic consideration for the financial resources available.”
Institute of School Business Leadership (ISBL)
The Institute of School Business Leadership (ISBL) state “ICFP stands for Integrated Curriculum Financial Planning. It helps a school use resources as effectively and efficiently as possible. It does so by systematically analysing all aspects of the educational provision within a school setting to ensure that financial management planning ensures an appropriate balance in the allocation and expenditure of resources. ICFP is an important way to review a school’s financial and resource management planning and use against its widest curriculum delivery aims. It integrates the school and trust’s teaching and learning ambitions and financial resource management into one approach. ICFP uses a reasonably simple set of metrics that assist with collaborative decision-making across the leadership triangle, requiring involvement from school business professionals, senior pedagogical leaders and governors/trustees. It is important to mention that ICFP isn’t a new idea and many schools use it to a greater or lesser extent. It isn’t a reaction to a difficult financial situation but should be used as a proactive way of planning and using resources efficiently. There is no prescribed way of implementing ICFP, but there are several well-established approaches in use in the sector.”
Integrated Curriculum and Financial Planning (ICFP) guidance
How schools can use ICFP to create the best curriculum for pupils with available funding.
ICFP training for leaders
A wide range of training events for school and trust leaders.Our social responsibility
Human rights
Respect for human rights is an integral part of existing processes and procedures, such as risk management, health and safety as well as equal treatment. We work continuously to enhance methods to identify, prioritise and assess the impact of operations on human rights throughout the value chain.
In accordance with the UN’s Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, we have surveyed and identified the risks of operations having a negative impact on human rights. Based on this due diligence, internal processes for systematically identifying all kinds of risks to human rights have been enhanced, so that priorities are systematically set for what risks require immediate management.
The commitment to respect human rights is included in our Code of Conduct. The code, which has been adopted by the Board, specifies clear expectations of how our employees and suppliers shall conduct themselves.
Local network against human trafficking
Through collaboration and increased knowledge about human trafficking, the network Arlanda Against Human Trafficking helps to create a safer Stockholm Arlanda Airport for both customers and employees and draw attention to the victims caught in the modern-day slave trade. The network consists of companies and organisations operating at or in the vicinity of the airport.
Sustainable supply chain
A well-functioning supply chain helps us to achieve our goals. It is therefore important to have an understanding of the supplier market and the challenges found in our procurement areas and where our sustainability risks are.
We comply with the Swedish Act on Public Procurement in the Utilities Sector (LUF) and the Swedish Act on Procurement of Concessions (LUK) as well as the Swedish Public Procurement Act (LOU) in some procurement areas. These laws set requirements for how procurement is to be conducted and specify that there must be monitoring of the requirements set.
Swedavia Procurement works based on categories, which are established depending on what the supplier market looks like. There are14 main categories, divided into some 90 sub-categories. We have agreements with around 750 of our approximately 4,000 suppliers. In our assessment, 75 of these are strategically important to operations so there is a greater focus placed on monitoring work for these. An additional assessment is made to define the 20 top-risk suppliers from an operational perspective, with the aim being to monitor these especially closely.
We have implemented a support system to monitor suppliers from a sustainability perspective in a structured way through risk assessments. Initially, the 75 strategically most important suppliers will be subject to a risk assessment. The risks are assessed based on the aspects environment, human rights, social responsibility and anti-corruption. Where possible, we obtain support from the Swedish National Agency for Public Procurement’s library of criteria for sustainability requirements in procurement and monitoring.
Business ethics
Ethical responsibility is an essential requirement for the sustainability work that constitutes the foundation of our operations. The entire organisation is involved in the proactive, long-term work to safeguard and develop the four areas:
- anti-corruption
- human rights
- social relations and employees
- environmental concern
In each of the four areas, we work based on our business ethics process wheel. Risks are identified on a continuous basis and analysed in part through workshops and then incorporated for handling in relevant parts of operations. Swedavia’s Code of Conduct, together with a number of other governing documents, governs this work. Training and dialogues in the operations are conducted on an ongoing basis, and opportunities for follow-up are provided.
Whistleblowing
The whistleblower function has been adopted by our Board of Directors and is based on the Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection’s guidelines.
Our whistleblower function enables employees and the general public to report any suspicion of such irregularities that could have serious consequences for us and the environment, in other words, something that is not in line with our values and policies.
Read more about the whistleblower function.Directions: Top coat: shake gently. Apply 1 coat over dry nail color., benzophenone-3, n-butyl alcohol, trimethylpentanedyl dibenzoate, polyvinyl butyral, alumina.
This matte top coat is amazing. I apply it over all my polishes and it creates the nice matte finish look that I was going for. The polish extended my nail polish wear over a week with no chipping.Who are we?
Mai Vu Plumbing & Construction is a full scale, licensed plumbing and general contracting company servicing all of San Antonio and surrounding areas. We offer realtor services, investment opportunities, design, and of course, plumbing and construction! We take pride in our integrity, culture, and innovative mindset to grow and make a difference in our city.
Renovations
We specialize in custom work! Renovations, additions, and new builds, residential or commercial--our team excels in creating unique, custom spaces with special attention to detail. We welcome clients with an open mind and a desire to create a home or space with their own special twist.
PLUMBING
If you are looking for a reliable, affordable, and licensed plumbing company, you came to the right place! Give us a call for a free estimate.
Investing
We offer several different investment options with returns up to 25%. Don't miss out on your next opportunity!
Recent Work
Cardiovascular Health
An adequate intake of Vitamin K2 has been shown to positively influence the cardiovascular system.
Calcification was once believed to be an irreversible process and a result of aging. However, it is now known that calcium accumulation is an actively regulated process involving the vitamin K-dependent Matrix Gla Protein (MGP), the most potent inhibitor of vascular calcification known, which is actively involved in recycling calcium.22
Healthy arterial tissues have shown to contain 100 times more Vitamin K2 than unhealthy arteries23, and the amount of calcium in the arteries is a risk factor for cardiovascular health.24 One might say that “you are as old as your arteries.” Studies in large population groups show that significant calcification in young persons actually make them older than their chronological age. On the contrary, older persons with little or no calcification may deduct up to 10 years from their actual age.25
The Rotterdam Study (2004)26.
In 2008, these findings were confirmed by another population-based study with 16,000 persons from the Prospect-EPIC cohort population. Female participants aged 49-70 years at the start of the study, were followed up for 8 years and were free of cardiovascular diseases at the baseline. The researchers found that for every 10mcg Vitamin K2 (MK-7, MK-8, and MK-9) consumed – not K1 – the risk of coronary heart disease was reduced by 9%.27
Unfortunately, the Western diet does not contain sufficient Vitamin K2, so supplementing with MenaQ7® Vitamin K2 as MK-7 is a viable alternative recommended by experts.
Breakthrough MenaQ7®.
And now a new 1-year trial38 has published – this time examining the impact of K2 supplementation (as MenaQ7®) on male and female populations – confirming cardiovascular benefits.
A pre-selected group of 243 vitamin K-insufficient subjects (men and women) were randomly included in a placebo-controlled, double-blind 1-year supplementation study using non-invasive diagnostic method evaluating whether an effect of vitamin K2-supplementation (180 μg MK-7 as MenaQ7®) may be demonstrated within one year.
Arterial stiffness was concluded from the carotid-femoral pulse-wave velocity (cfPWV), and other vascular characteristics were measured by echotracking of the common carotid artery. In the total study group, MK-7 induced a significant decrease of both dp-ucMGP and cfPWV.
It was concluded that high vitamin K intake decreased age-related vascular stiffening (consistent with outcomes in two previous 3-year studies), but this is the first time that vascular effect was observed within one year of treatment.
Rose Gold Floral Confetti Balloons
Regular price $6.99
$0.00
Unit price
per
These cute rose gold & pink floral confetti filled balloons are a great way to add fun and color.>> - Project 4510
(by Grandiflora)
Type: Indica Hybrid
Genetics: Gelato 45 x Unreleased Pheno
Original Breeder: Grandiflora Genetics
Aroma: Pungent, Musky Gas with a Wasabi Bite Upfront and a Burnt Rubber Finish
Taste: Funky, Spicy, Gelato
Experience: Couch Locked with Body High
Project 4510 is an evenly balanced hybrid strain (50% indica/50% sativa) created through an unknown combination of hybrid strains, although it is thought to maybe descend from Project Blue Book. Even with the lack of knowledge about its heritage, this bud is highly sought after for its super relaxing and unfocused high that's ideal for a lazy afternoon when you just want to stop thinking about it all. You'll feel relaxing and calm with a heavy haziness that works its way through your head, leaving you unfocused and blissfully unaware of anything going on around you. A soothing body high accompanies this state, locking you to the couch and keeping you fully pain-free from head to toe. Combined with its high 18-19% average THC level, these sleepy effects make Project 4510 perfect for treating chronic pain, insomnia, depression, chronic stress or anxiety and chronic fatigue. This bud has a sweet and fruity creamy berry flavor with a touch of diesel upon exhale. The aroma is of earthy herbs and savory diesel with a sweet and creamy fruity overtone that is very pleasant. Project 4510 buds have rounded fluffy dark olive green nugs with amber hairs and tiny golden amber crystal trichomes.STEM Learning
STEM Learning is ideally placed to support all educators – from early years to post-16 – in delivering high-quality teaching.
- Education Recovery: STEM Learning's curated science collection of CPD and resources covers seven key features of great science teaching, e.g., subject knowledge and assessment. Our mathematics collection combines their resources with partner links.
- STEM Ambassadors: Request a STEM Ambassador to support learning, illuminate careers, and raise aspiration at summer schools or in the classroom – face-to-face or virtually, free of charge.
- STEM Clubs: STEM Learning can help you establish a STEM Club to support pupil enrichment and embed curriculum learning.
- STEM Community: Our free STEM Community is a professional, engaging space for teachers to share ideas and best practice. Members are encouraged to share education recovery plans.
- CPD courses on summer schools: STEM Learning have new courses, Running a successful summer school and How to design your science summer school, to help upskill teachers.
Summer 2021 Physics support for GCSE and A level from Isaac Physics
Isaac Physics Summer Programmes for GCSE and A level provide a topic-based learning plan for students working independently from home and for schools offering summer support.
These cover all topics, and include:
- diagnostic quizzes, with hints and custom feedback, to identify areas of strength and weakness,
- learning resources, and
- topic tests to review learning and progress.
Results from any quiz or test set by a teacher are automatically placed in their class mark book.
Schools and students may request FREE GCSE workbooks linked to our online resources, using this online form, if they are in DfE Opportunity Areas, or without reliable internet connections.
Isaac Physics continues to provide video lessons, tutorials, and practice material for GCSE and A level.MEIR CARROT &
THE HAPPY SHOPPER
About
Madelaine Black, Author
Madelaine Black's favorite thing to do is share funny stories and silly songs with her grandchildren.
Her other favorite thing to do is to help charities and non-profits to raise funds and awareness.
She has spent 35 years in both the UK and Israel as an award-winning creative consultant. She calls what she does “creativity that matters”.
The idea for this book about a magical talking carrot popped into Madelaine’s head after an inspiring morning she spent volunteering at her local Meir Panim food bank.
Shirley Waisman, Illustrator
Shirley Waisman has illustrated more than fifty books for children.
Her greatest reward is seeing children smiling as they enjoy her illustrations.
Shirley grew up in Israel, and has been drawing and painting as long as she can remember. She studied her craft at the Bezalel Academy of Arts and Design.
Meir Panim
Meir Panim is Israel's largest assistance network for the needy. Its mission is to alleviate and diminish the harmful effects of poverty on thousands of families across Israel.
This nationwide organization offers a range of food and social service programs aimed at helping the needy with dignity and respect. They provide nutritious food, food-shopping cards, employment training, household furniture and appliances, and youth clubs. They offer short-term aid, alongside long-term solutions to poverty.
Meir Panim connects those who love to give with those who are in desperate need of receiving. Their programs run in collaboration with the social welfare departments and professional entities
“What’s in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet.”
The folks at the Balboa Performing Arts Theatre Foundation seem to agree with Shakespeare, because they’ve just announced a new name for the theatre that they hope will bring the sweet smell of success to their project.
The Balboa Village Theatre is the new moniker, and the theatre’s CEO, Steve Beazley, thinks it’s a fitting name.
“I read the Balboa Village Implementation Plan and saw that the theatre was part of a larger effort to renew the vitality of the area,” explained Beazley. “I realized that it takes a village to raise a theatre, and it takes a theatre to raise a village. So, the name Balboa Village Theatre makes perfect sense.”
Beazley also said the Urban Land Institute study on Balboa Village released September 11, 2013, spoke to the same thing–that the Balboa Theatre was critical to the revitalization of the area.
That study goes along with a master plan to revitalize Balboa Village that includes recommendations to develop and implement a commercial facade improvement program, developing and implementing a targeted tenant attraction program, establishing Balboa Village as a shared parking district, eliminating/modifying parking requirements in Balboa Village, establishing an overnight residential parking permit program west of Balboa Village, encouraging mixed-use development, improving bicycle and pedestrian facilities, and updating the streetscape and public signage plan. That master plan was approved by the City Council in September, 2012.
According to the Urban Land Institute study, the Balboa Village Advisory Committee was created to oversee the timely implementation of the master plan, and has started to implement some of the strategies.
The study includes a visionary Brand Promise for 2020: “Balboa Village Fun Zone is a unique piece of the heart and soul of Newport Beach, and is an inviting, family friendly entertainment, shopping and dining district. Recognized as Newport Beach’s original town site, the revitalized neighborhood is anchored by a complementary mix of large and small scale attractions, including the dynamic new ExplorOcean interactive center, the restored Balboa Performing Arts Theater and event center, and the renovated iconic Pavilion. The expanded Fun Zone is a quaint and engaging environment that offers an array of harbor and beachfront activities for many age groups, and is a celebration of the classic Southern California beach life that is contemporary in personality yet steeped in tradition.”
“I think the study shows the city’s resolve,” said Beazley. “We’re trying to get in sync and work in consort with the city and the businesses in the village, and the residents.”
Beazley said he intends to have the theatre’s new business plan ready by the middle of October, which will help give potential new donors the information they need to provide the last of the funds necessary for the theatre’s renovation, which they hope to start later this year.
According to a statement from Todd Pennington, the foundation’s board chair, 80 percent of the funds needed for renovation of the theatre have been raised. His statement noted that the name change will demonstrate “commitment and momentum, signaling to those wishing to contribute that the time is now to get involved. The foundation needs to have funding in place by the end of October.”
A new website, BalboaVillageTheatre.org, has been created. It currently serves as a landing page where visitors can sign up for newsletter updates, but Beazley said it will be expanded into a full website in the coming weeks.This is a sponsored post
There are many modern methods to ensure that printed photos last longer. We are no longer limited to printing photos on paper; photos and graphics can now be printed onto almost any material. You can have your favorite portrait printed on wood, bamboo, plexiglass and canvas. A metal print can also stand the test of time because the photo is printed on a high-quality aluminum panel.
But what about your heirloom photos - those of your grandmother when she was a blushing young bride, or that of your great-grandfather when he was first starting out in his chosen career or profession? Sure, it would be easy enough to preserve those memories by creating digital copies through scanning, but about the physical photographs? Preserving and preventing them from deterioration is just as important. Here are three solutions to ensure that they are preserved properly for many years to come.
Handle with care
Some photographs are stored in the plastic enclosures they came in; others are not so lucky. Get acid-free photographic sleeves or envelopes to store photos individually in, and if you have to label a photo, write the label onto a piece of archival, acid-free paper and slip it into the photo’s sleeve instead of writing directly onto the back of the photo.
Keep in mind that old photographs are extremely fragile and must be handled with care. When holding old photographs, do so by the edges, but be careful not to crease or fold the corners. Use clean disposable or cotton gloves when holding photos, as oil and salt from fingerprints can affect the color in the photos. For instance, the silver in black and white photos can corrode.
Archival all the way
That musty cabinet will wreak havoc on your photographs’ quality. Invest in high-quality archival boxes to store photographs in. Archival boxes offer protection from dust and UV light damage, and they keep pests away. You can also buy packets of silica gel to remove any excess moisture from the box. To ensure that your photographs are preserved, choose boxes, folders, and envelopes that have passed the Photographic Activity Test—this means that the materials can safely store photographic prints over a long time without causing damage to the prints.
When your heirloom photos have been individually enclosed in acid-free paper or plastic sleeves, they can be placed in the archival boxes. Store photos of the same size together and use dividers or buffered file folders to organize and separate the different sizes and keep them upright on their longest (horizontal) sides.
Mind your storage area
The area where your photo box is stored should be in a temperate zone in your house, somewhere that’s not too wet, not too dry, not too hot, and not too cold. It should be free from humidity, so flood-prone basements and musty attics are a no-no. Humid areas are prone to mold and mildew growth, and you don’t want these destroying your photographs. An ideal spot is an interior closet that’s cozy in cold weather and cool in summer. Make sure the area is clean and free from insects and away from the AC or heating vent.
As you can see, preserving old photos isn’t difficult; you just have to remember these three solutions. Good luck and we hope you enjoy preserving your heirloom photographs!Djenne Varner in Georgia
Djenne Varner is 25 years old, and lives in Georgia. Possible related people for Djenne Varner include Dalila Yvette Barthel, Alonza Varner, Annie Mag Varner, Delores A Varner, Dexter R Varner, and many others. On file we have 3 emails for Djenne including helloki*******@yahoo.com, morethanapr***********@gmail.com, dvarne******@yahoo.com. On record we show 3 phone numbers associated with Djenne in area codes such as 770. You can view more information on Djenne Varner below.
1 result found for Djenne Varner in Georgia.
Djenne Marjani Varner
Jonesboro, Georgia
Location
Djenne Marjani Varner has lived in Jonesboro, GA 30236; Riverdale, GA 30274
Phone Numbers
- (770) 210-****
- (770) 477-****
- (770) 703-****
- helloki*******@yahoo.com
- morethanapr***********@gmail.com
- dvarne******@yahoo.com
Djenne Marjani Varner Relatives
alert!
Court Records
Find out if Djenne Varner has any important court records including felonies, misdemeanors, and traffic tickets. You may also uncover Civil Judgments against Djenne Varner as well as if Djenne Varner is on a Government Watchlist.
public records summary
Djenne Varner
Djenne may have associated social media accounts, which may include Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Dating Networks.
Records indicate people named Djenne Varner may have financial data available including: Liens, Bankruptcies, Assets, Judgements, UCC Filings and/or Evictions.
Find even more public data for Djenne by ordering their full report.
Want Unlimited Report access to people named Djenne Varner?Get Unlimited Reports
Djenne Varner on Social MediaThe highly anticipated debut of free to list UK portal Homesearch has arrived. From today agents will be able to access the portal and give the Homesearch team feedback on the product which CEO, Giles Ellwood has admitted will be “a work in progress”. Consumers will have access to the portal from the 15th with Homesearch expected to lay out a marketing plan to attract the public to the new portal in the coming weeks.
Homesearch is free to list for agents and has been roundly praised by the industry for listening to agent concerns and bringing a product to market in record quick time. The company has until now operated as a property data company and only took the decision to build a portal towards the end of March this year. The fact that the challenger portal managed to sign up 10,000 agents in such a short period of time, albeit mostly on a free to list basis, is testament to how highly regarded the project is within the UK property industry.
We look forward to checking Homesearch out for ourselves on the 15th and will keep you updated on its progress.Several states have informed US federal authorities that a video showing an adult male sexually abusing a young child was being shared through Facebook's Messenger feed.
Many users started sharing the video and encouraging others to do so with the intention to help identify people involved in exploiting the child. But law enforcement agencies across the country have issued warnings reminding vigilant Facebook users that no matter what the reasons are, those sharing child pornography could face criminal charges. And viewing is also a crime.
."
"If a pornographic image shows up on your Facebook page, contact Facebook immediately and delete the image from your account. Sharing the image is considered distribution and you could be criminally charged for doing so," the post said. "We understand that sharing information sometimes brings a criminal to justice, but sharing amongst Facebook friends is not the way to do it."
"If you saved it, if you posted it to your page, if you sent it to someone else… you're disseminating child porn, and that's a felony," Tim Gann, an attorney in Alabama, told WHNT.
A spokesman for Central Alabama CrimeStoppers told media that inappropriate content should be immediately reported to the social media platform. People can call their local law enforcement office to notify about the situation but not forward the content to the department's Facebook page.
The suspect in the viral child porn video case has been arrested in Alabama. All the more reason for you to NOT SHARE THE VIDEO if you receive it.— FDLE (@fdlepio) 6 февраля 2018 г.
Suspicious content can also be reported to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children.@subway5411, I'm well aware of that motivation mode, incandescent streetlights here are disappearing due to cheap LEDs. I plan to make a brochure explaining how dire it is to keep them, maybe I'll do it to some MV towns too.
Bring me back to the days when Low Pressure Sodium and Clear Mercury lit the way. I also like electronics, vintage computers, ham radio/communications, and many other things!Add me on Discord - @brettb_54#7371<-- or my other social media sites!
Good idea, although it is basically inevitable that they will be replaced with LED, especially if they do a bulk purchase.I’d be more motivated with saving as many fixtures as possible,.
01010010 01101111 01100010 01100101 01110010 01110100
Hugs and STUFF Sammi xXx (also in Aberdeen) Budding AuthorThere are two kinds of light - the glow that illuminates, and the glare that obscures.James Thurber (1894 - 1961)
Forget the lights..just give me a good lightning storm & tornado to go watch...
I don’t collect lighting, however I have always been interested!I enjoy photography, making videos, and will be here to photograph street and outdoor lighting. Other interests include hiking, nature, biking, as well as identifying and photographing birds and plants.
Collecting
And I've started on a spreadsheet of our collectionFeatured
Stolen tractor worth $300,000 found buried underneath pile of manure
ctvwinnipeg.ca
Published Tuesday, June 5, 2012 4:27PM CST
An RCMP investigation has led to the recovery of an expensive tractor found submerged in a less-than-fragrant location.
Officers said a tractor stolen a year and a half ago was located beneath a large pile of manure.
On December 21, 2010, police received a report from a business in the RM of Rosser that a 2009 Case IH Steiger 485 tractor had been stolen. The value of the tractor was pegged at $300,000.
Investigators determined the tractor had been loaded onto a trailer and taken overnight.
A tip submitted through Crime Stoppers led officers to a property in the RM of Fisher, southwest of Fisher Branch.
"The case came to a stall because we had no suspects, not much by way of information and then came the tip," said Sgt. Line Karpish from the RCMP.
On May 31, police received a search warrant and began looking for the tractor at the location over the next couple of days. Officers hired an excavator and the tractor was later found buried under a 12 to 15 foot (3.6 metres to 4.5 metres) manure pile, said RCMP.
"It's kind of like robbing a bank and then burning the money after. It doesn't make sense," said Ryan Grandmont, a salesperson at Leo's Sales and Service, the shop whose tractor was stolen.
It took crews about a day and a half to pull the tractor out.
A 24-year-old man from the RM of Fisher was arrested and faces multiple charges, including theft over $5,000 and possession of goods obtained by crime. A 22-year-old woman also faces a charge for possession of stolen property.Dogs have been man’s best friend for centuries. However, have they always looked the way we see them today? Well, like all other creatures, the environment has had a huge impact on their appearance. The changes have arisen from the environment as well as breeding habits by owners. Here is a look at how popular dog breeds have changed over a century.
1. English Bulldog
It is one of the most loved pet dogs because of its temperament and size. Coming from the wild, it has become calmer but also stockier. What it lost in terms of muscles, the English bulldog has compensated with fat. The chubby feel makes it a darling for most people.
2. Basset Hound
The short stature makes it a favorite for many homes. It also has an innocent face enhanced by its large falling ears. Over 100 years, the dog has grown shorter. The short legs have made the ears to appear longer. As it stays indoors, the dog has become stockier and less aggressive. The additional weight also means that the skin has more folds.
3. Boxer
The dog is a hunter variety. It is an athlete that maintained a slim body in the wild and when domesticated in ranches. The snout is shorter but it has an aggressive character. The short and upturned face is now friendlier. Further, it has grown shorter and less active because of living indoors.
4. Bull Terrier
Bull Terrier has fox-like snout for digging rodents and termites. It is a medium sized athletic variety. Because of its size and engaging character, it has found its way in many homes. It also comes in bright colors that make it a lovely addition to any home. Since it cannot run after rodents on compounds or ranches, it has become stockier and shorter. Limited playing space also means that it is less active. However, it does not skip any chance to engage.
5. West Highland White Terrier
It is one of the most common pet dogs around the world. It is small in size, playful, and has gotten fluffy. It has the most timid look and an even more alluring innocent face. 100 years later, the West Highland White Terrier looks more like a doll than a dog
6. Doberman Pinscher
The size and stature tell you that you are dealing with a grassland hunter. It can leap fits up in the sky, giving you the perfect play partner. As a hunter, it was aggressive and restless. Today, the Doberman Pinscher is ever alert but not as active as their descendants 100 years ago. It is no longer the athlete that lived 100 years ago. Lying around has caused the dog to add more weight.
7.Irish Setter
Irish Setter is best described as a fluffy hunter. It has the body of a hunting dog but the lower body is full of fur. The body only appears to have become thinner and the fur thicker. It loves company and will love a compound where it can play. While it runs fast, it is not a gifted jumper.
8. German Shepherd
The German shepherd is a natural hunter package with the energy of dynamite. Even today, it remains a favorite for the most athletic canine lovers. Over the years, the German Shepherd has added weight and become flurry. It remains a calm and calculative attacker. It is the perfect definition of a calculative hunter.
9. Saluki
The saluki is a high and long jumper in one package. A hundred years ago, it was a hunter that could drag prey from trees. It remains a long-thin canine today. Years of living in homes seem to have left it thinner and taller. It has also taken the time to grow longer fur around the ears and tail.
10. Airedale Terrier
Airedale Terrier appears not to have changed much over the last 100 years. However, you cannot significant fur around the face and legs. Such changes are attributed to more time spent indoor yet its natural habitat is cold. It now looks like a cozy companion in the old trousers of the 1970s. 100 years is a lot of time for a pet that has increasingly become a part of many households. Generally, the dog has grown more fur and added weight. It has also gotten calmer, making it an easier companion, especially in homes with children.
About the Author:
Timothy Miller is a remote work enthusiast. He has written on numerous subjects over the years, including how pets enhance the quality of your life. Today, he shares his experience and insights with students at uk.assignmentgeek.com as well as enthusiastic followers from around the world.Publications
Experimental determination of the nucleation rates of undercooled micron-sized liquid droplets based on fast chip calorimetry
C. Simon, M. Peterlechner, G. Wilde.
Thermochimica Acta, 603, 39-45, (2015)
Abstract
Accurate thermal analyzes and calorimetry measurements depend on careful calibration measurements. For conventional differential scanning calorimeters (DSC) the calibration procedure is well known. The melting point of different pure metals is measured and compared with literature data to adjust the temperature reading of the calorimeter. Likewise, the measured melting enthalpies of standard reference substances serve for enthalpy calibration. Yet for fast chip calorimetry, new procedures need to be established. For the medium-area and large-area calorimeter chips, this procedure needs to be modified, because the calibration behavior depends on the position of the sample on the measurement area. Additionally, a way to calibrate the calorimeter for measurements performed during cooling will also be shown. For this second aspect, the athermal and diffusionless martensitic phase transformation of Ni49.9–Ti at% was used. The well-calibrated sensor chips are ideally suited to perform nucleation rate density analyzes based on a statistical approach. Here, the nucleation rate densities of micron-sized pure Sn droplets that had been coated with a non-catalytic coating have been determined by experimental analysis of the statistical variance of the undercooling response.
DOI: 10.1016/j.tca.2014.10.027
Download BibTEXLucky Ducky
HK$56.00Price
40 Grams
Our Lucky Ducky treats are a single ingredient snack that is low fat and easy to digest. Made with human-grade duck fillets from ducks that were raised without the use of antibiotics or growth hormones.
40g has approximately 8 pieces
INGREDIENTS
Duck fillets.
Duck: Duck fillets from Thailand. Raised without antibiotics or growth hormones.
BENEFITS
Duck is a great source of protein that is both lean and easy to digest. Great for dogs that are allergic or sensitive to chicken and other types of poultry.
STORAGE
Our dehydrated treats can be kept in room temperature (in a dark and cool area) for up to 2 weeks or in the freezer for up to 6 months.
*Please transfer our treats from their paper packaging to an airtight container once opened.*Milton Dubois Killed in North Hollywood Accident on Lankershim Boulevard and Stagg Street
North Hollywood, California – Milton Dubois, 57, of North Hollywood died following a hit-and-run crash that took place on Lankershim Boulevard and Stagg Street in North Hollywood on Wednesday evening, according to the Los Angeles Police Department.
Dubois was walking across Lankershim Boulevard when he was hit by a silver or white 2010-2012 BMW at around 6:50 p.m. March 17.
The involved motorist fled the scene after the crash.
Police said Dubois died in the accident.
The City of Los Angeles is offering a reward of up to $50,000 to anyone who can provide information that will help solve the hit-and-run accident.
Anyone with information on the incident is urged to call the LAPD Valley Traffic Division at 818-644-8022; 877-LAPD-247; or Crime Stoppers at 800-222-TIPS. Apply
You can apply for help today and all you need to do is to complete and return this form to obtain a full application form. You can also download the application as a Word document or as pdf and then post or email back to us.
Our criteria for applicants are:
- You are a nurse or midwife in Scotland or with a strong Scottish connection.
- You are aged or retired or suffering from illness or disability or suffering from financial hardship.
- You are looking for help with your further education or training now you are qualified.
You can help nurses in need
Get in touch with us
The Nurses Memorial
Secretaries and Treasurers: Johnston Smillie Ltd. Chartered Accountants, 6 Redheughs Rigg, Edinburgh. EH12 9DQ
Phone: 0131 317 7377Editor’s note: Sadly, The Other Side closed suddenly in late 2019.
The Other Side Restaurant, located in the National Park Village, is really two restaurants in one.
Upstairs is a very casual café type restaurant, serving sandwiches, burgers, and the like.
Downstairs is a more substantial restaurant offering steak, seafood, pasta, and salads. The downstairs restaurant features a large stone fireplace, a bar area, and lovely views of their pond, which is home to an assortment of ducks and geese almost year round.
You can order off either menu, regardless of where you sit. The food is reliably good, though not outstanding.
The Other Side is known for its Sunday Brunches, and its monthly Seafood and Mexican Buffets. It’s also a good choice for groups–in addition to the restaurant, they have a large room that can accommodate 175 guests.
The restaurant has both ample parking and ample seating, so the wait here is generally shorter than at many other restaurants in Estes Park.
The National Park Village complex is located near the main entrance to Rocky Mountain National Park and also houses a grocery store, gift shop, laundromat, gas station, and liquor store.
Contact The Other Side Restaurant
900 Moraine Ave
Estes Park, CO 80517
(970) 586-2171
- Our RatingFAQ: How do I apply for my license through eAccessNY?
3 Step Blueprint To Making a Full-Time Income as a Real Estate Agent in New York - FREE PDF
How do I apply for my license through eAccessNY?
Here are the steps you need to take to submit your real estate license application through eAccessNY:
1) Log in to your eAccessNY account and click on "Apply for Initial Salesperson License (qualifying by Exam only)", which is located on the Main Menu page.
2) Click "Next Step" to continue.
3) Enter your details and click "Next Step" to continue.
4) Enter your sponsoring broker's license number (UID#).
5) Find the correct broker license that matches the company name and address. Select that office by clicking on the circle in front of the desired office and address. Then click "Next Step" to continue.
6) Enter all required information and click "Next Step" to continue.
7) Enter the name of the school where you completed the 75-hour NYS real estate salespersons course by using the drop-down menu, and enter your completion date for the course. Then click "Next Step" to continue.
8) Affirm the application by clicking the "I Agree" box at the bottom of the page and click "Next Step" to continue.
9) Enter your credit card details and click "Submit".
10) Print the "Summary of Your Submission" page.
11) Click 'Return to Main Menu".
Once your application is submitted, your sponsoring broker will have to log in to their own eAccessNY account and authorize your application.Some came to kill in their stunning outfits while others literally murdered fashion, with their ‘struggling fashion sense’. Looking at what most ladies wore to the event, it is clear that they were all-in-for the freeze and shine outfits.
Ladies dress to kill at the 2016 Barbecue Live
Last night, 12 November the ladies stepped out looking like models to party at the barbecue live event went down at the Ngong racecourse.
Despite the icy weather and the unpredictable rains, the babes were willing to die or rather catch pneumonia from their itsy-bitsy-shorts, dresses and skirts.
Some of the appealing outfits include some Ankara wear that a few ladies chose to show up in.
The men on the other hand kept warm throughout the night as they enjoyed the music and drinks offered at the event. The shoe game on the other hand was impressing, however did you notice that midway through Tiwa Savage's performance the lass had no shoes on? Well, now you know how lit the show was.
JOIN OUR PULSE COMMUNITY!
Eyewitness? Submit your stories now via social or:Latest
Critical Factors That Makes The Digitalization Scary And Sensational
For starters, it must be accepted that the idea of a software being 'unbreakable', as has been utilized by many, is extremely impractical and hazardous.
Online Identity Theft: Curbing the Tragedy Beforehand
Our identities and reputation is what gives us social status. A name is a person's most fundamental attribute.
#5 Tricks To Make Your Dreams Come True
Many individuals need to enhance their lives and mental prosperity so they can live more casual, glad lives.
#5 Tips to Lead Your Way to Great Wellbeing
Utilize these tips as a guide on your trip on the way to great wellbeing.
3 Tricks To Make Your Start Up Survive The Competition
To help this procedure, here are 3 fundamental things you have to think about maintaining a fruitful business
How to Meet New People: 8 Steps to do Right Now
It really takes a lot to put yourself out there. You wouldn't want to remain a recluse forever, would you?
#6 things You Ought to Know before Beginning a Private Venture
Regardless of whether we're considering beginning an independent venture, or simply pondering what profession way to pick, it's essential that we take our interests.
How to Win Your Emotional Enemies At Work ?
Take over 30 minutes to consider the elements that made you feel along these lines and concentrate on a positive approach to turn the circumstance around.
6 Challenges Faced By Every Blogger For Creating Conversion - Oriented Content
Be that as it may, we need to concede that content marketing isn't secure.
#5 Knowledge Base Benefits Entrepreneurs can Reap for their Startup
Not only that, customer support directly affects your revenue and the rapport of your organization.
Tips for Using Pinterest and Instagram for Business Marketing
You need to have a proper understanding of these platforms in order to make them work best for your business's promotion.
Let Technology Do the Legwork For You in Sales
Yet, this long tradition does not mean that sales teams cannot benefit from the latest technology.
7 Productive Things You Should be Doing on the Internet to Earn More Than You Imagine
Instead, doing these 7 things can probably earn you more money than you could have ever imagined. And that too at a few clicks of your laptop!
Too Much Stress At Work? One Thing That You Must be Doing Right Away
A study indicates that an average professional has approximately 50 projects at his disposal and around 200 meetings a year.
How to Start and Run a Successful Web Design Business?
No doubt it is a good idea but it requires a blend of strategic thinking, thoughtful and skilled efforts, and tenacity to convert your dreams into reality.Branding, corporate typography and packaging for a sponge collection.
The main goal of the project was to create a unique and powerful typography especially designed for the Farmsponge collection. The designed typography plays an important role in the brand and aims to draw in the consumers’ attention while communicating clearly and directly, the function of each sponge type. At the same time, the typography brings personality and a tasteful differentiation to the brand. As well as affording brand continuity, allowing the collection to be extended with new products easily.
A colorful palette contrasting with the sponge color helps the brand to further differentiate from the competition.
Designed by: Carla Osma Cortés, Spain.
Featured on Package InspirationThe Best Carne Asada Recipe
:max_bytes(150000):strip_icc()/__opt__aboutcom__coeus__resources__content_migration__serious_eats__seriouseats.com__recipes__images__2015__09__20150814-carne-asada-food-lab-kenji-01-b7427733f58b4b3c9d8e35ca67dcacd0.jpg)
Serious Eats / J. Kenji López-Alt
Why It Works
- Whole chiles produce better flavor than powdered chiles.
- A variety of umami-enhancing aromatics in the marinade improves the beef flavor.
- Grilling skirt steak over very high heat, and pulling it early, ensures evenly cooked meat with robust char.. Here's how to make the carne asada of my dreams.
To say "I'm going to develop a recipe for carne asada" is akin to saying "Bartender, get me a beer, please." The immediate follow-up is likely to be "I'm afraid you're going to have to be a bit more specific than that."
Carne asada literally translates to "grilled beef," and, at its simplest, it can be no more than a steak, seasoned with salt and pepper, cooked over a hot fire. Yet colloquially, when we hear the term "carne asada," we immediately think of the marinated meats you're going to chop up and stuff into your tacos, burritos, or cemitas. But what exactly is in that marinade? Depending on whom you ask, you'll get any number of different answers. Lime juice, garlic, and herbs are often used. Some recipes call for dried or fresh chiles. Still others go for a liquid fajita-style marinade with soy or Worcestershire sauce.
When I was a kid, my favorite Mexican restaurant was the Cal-Mex chain El Torito. We'd go to one of the New Jersey branches with the whole family. I'd eat the warm chips and watery salsa while coloring within the faux Mexican–themed outlines on the paper tablecloth with the crayons they'd give us, waiting for my deep-fried, cornflake-crusted, cinnamon-dusted ice cream to arrive. My dad would play with the slush in his margarita, a drink that, incidentally, was popularized in the United States by that very chain.
:max_bytes(150000):strip_icc()/__opt__aboutcom__coeus__resources__content_migration__serious_eats__seriouseats.com__images__2015__09__20150814-carne-asada-food-lab-kenji-02-5237fbf99df14b038908bdf137cdc40c.jpg)
Serious Eats / J. Kenji López-Alt
I'd had many versions of carne asada in my short life (my dad loved Mexican restaurants), but when it came to filling in the grilled beef–shaped lines etched in my head, El Torito held the largest crayon by far. Their version was a slab of skirt steak marinated in a pasilla chile–based sauce, grilled hard over coals until nearly burnt and crisp around the edges, and served slathered with a salsa that combined fresh citrus and more of that pasilla.
The East Coast branches of El Torito have since closed, but when I moved out west I was delighted to discover that the chain was still going strong. When I decided to work on this recipe, my first step was to go straight to the source. I hit up El Torito three times over the course of two days to get a really good grasp of what they're doing with their carne asada. The flavor was vaguely as I remembered it—sweet, savory, a little spicy, and deeply charred—but I certainly didn't remember the meat being so mealy or gray. If this was going to be my prototype, I was going to have to make some major improvements before moving into full production.
I hit up the butcher's counter on my way home and bought them out of every potential cut of beef that might work in my recipe. It was time to get serio with mi carne.
The Meat Counter
:max_bytes(150000):strip_icc()/__opt__aboutcom__coeus__resources__content_migration__serious_eats__seriouseats.com__images__2015__09__20150814-carne-asada-food-lab-kenji-10-14c963222ae8453692cc28a358a2b1bc.jpg)
Serious Eats / J. Kenji López-Altiles before grilling them to medium-rare over hot coals.
- Hanger is big and beefy, with a nice coarse texture that takes well to marinades, but its large triangular cross-section is not ideal for taco or burrito fillings.
- Flank steak is easy to cook and slice because of its wide, flat shape, but it's a little too lean for this application.
- Tri-tip, though quite inexpensive and nicely marbled, is simply too large. With such a low surface area–to–volume ratio, you get barely any marinade flavor.
- Short rib was one of my favorite cuts for carne asada (as well as one of my favorites for cooking as a steak), with tons of beef flavor and melt-in-your-mouth fat. The only problem is that short ribs require very thin slicing, which is okay for stuffing tortillas, but not great if you want to serve them to guests in a whole chunk.
- Flap meat, my second choice, has a wide, coarse texture that's custom-made for picking up and clinging to marinades. It is relatively lean, but its juiciness and big flavor make up for that.
- Skirt steak, as suspected, was the clear winner here, with the richest, most buttery flavor, a really nice surface area–to–volume ratio that maximizes the flavor of the marinade, plenty of thin edges to crisp up and char, and, when cooked properly, a melt-in-your-mouth texture.
:max_bytes(150000):strip_icc()/__opt__aboutcom__coeus__resources__content_migration__serious_eats__seriouseats.com__images__2015__09__20150814-carne-asada-food-lab-kenji-12-fc7fc61af3b4430fb293152ce31cba84.jpg)
Serious Eats / J. Kenji López-Alt
Skirt steak comes as a long, ribbony piece of meat, with a width of three inches or so and a length of at least a couple of feet. When you buy skirt steak from the butcher, the vast majority of the time you're getting inside skirt—the fattier and more desirable outside skirt gets sold almost exclusively to restaurants. This means that the real key to working with skirt is to leave a relatively large amount of fat on it—I trim off just the really tough-looking silver skin—and to cut it crosswise with the grain into five- to six-inch lengths. Cutting the steak like this will subsequently allow you to slice it against the grain easily when serving.
The Components of Great Marinades
Aside from the obvious one of adding flavor, a good marinade has three goals: enhancing texture by allowing meat to retain juices better, improving surface browning, and tenderizing. For our carne asada, we want all three of these effects.
I explored many of the different classes of ingredients that one might find in a marinade when I was working on a recipe for fajitas, a similar but distinct Mexican dish. In that article, I named the essential marinade ingredients that will guarantee maximum results in all of these categories.
:max_bytes(150000):strip_icc()/__opt__aboutcom__coeus__resources__content_migration__serious_eats__seriouseats.com__images__2015__09__20150814-carne-asada-food-lab-kenji-06-7a2e1d055b54497bad84edc2833f6113.jpg)
Serious Eats / J. Kenji López-Alt
For my marinade, I knew that I'd want a mix of many of these ingredients, but there was simply too huge a range to start out with. So I began by making some broad strokes, testing out some basic styles I've seen in books and around the internet. After a few tests, I eliminated those liquid ones that seemed too similar to fajita marinades to me. I then eliminated those that were too heavy on oil and fresh aromatics, like garlic and herbs. Those ingredients were welcome, but I wanted the backbone of my marinade to be much more robust, like the El Torito version I was used to. Dried chiles was where I would begin.
The Chiles
I've tested and written extensively about how to get the best flavor out of your chiles, and my near-universal recommendation is to ditch the chile powder in lieu of whole dried chiles, which pretty much always have vastly superior flavor.
:max_bytes(150000):strip_icc()/__opt__aboutcom__coeus__resources__content_migration__serious_eats__seriouseats.com__images__2015__09__20150814-carne-asada-food-lab-kenji-03-a9ee89a120d7418780b20585a71f0a61.jpg)
Serious Eats / J. Kenji López-Alt
I've also recommended toasting whole chiles in the microwave to enhance their flavor, and that works well in this recipe, too. All it takes is about 15 seconds on a microwave-safe plate for dried chiles to become toasty and pliable.
I tried incorporating chiles into my marinade in various ways, including steaming them in chicken stock and puréeing them (as I do in a couple of chili recipes), simply toasting and grinding them, and blending the toasted chiles into my liquid ingredients in my countertop blender.
:max_bytes(150000):strip_icc()/__opt__aboutcom__coeus__resources__content_migration__serious_eats__seriouseats.com__images__2015__09__20150814-carne-asada-food-lab-kenji-07-160914e30a044b1ca03f3e5a94a5b1f1.jpg)
Serious Eats / J. Kenji López-Alt
In this case, the easiest method turned out to be the best. Simply tossing toasted guajillo or pasilla and ancho chiles (along with some chipotles) into the blender with the liquid ingredients and grinding them up produced a marinade that was smooth enough to eat as a salsa, but still had a few pleasant bits of intact chile skin that softened up as the marinade sat.
The Wet Ingredients
Next step was to nail down the wet ingredients. Citrus juice was an obvious one. I tried straight-up lime, but it proved too acidic for the sauce, overpowering the other ingredients. A mixture of lime and orange toned down the acidity and added a nice floral note to the aroma, which went really well with the smoky chipotle chiles. A little olive oil also loosened up the mixture and provided some fat to distribute those fat-soluble flavor compounds around the meat.
:max_bytes(150000):strip_icc()/__opt__aboutcom__coeus__resources__content_migration__serious_eats__seriouseats.com__images__2015__09__20150814-carne-asada-food-lab-kenji-17-63bf35a4f2984c37bf9b2323d87cf6d9.jpg)
Serious Eats / J. Kenji López-Alt
To improve the flavor of the mixture, I tried mixing in various ingredients, like molasses and Worcestershire sauce, an ingredient that is pretty prevalent in the El Torito version. But no matter how little I used, the combination of Worcestershire and sugar was too reminiscent of barbecue sauce. I cut it out completely.
In its place, I knew I wanted another ingredient rich in glutamic acid, the chemical responsible for triggering our sense of savoriness. I turned to the usual suspects: soy sauce and fish sauce.
:max_bytes(150000):strip_icc()/__opt__aboutcom__coeus__resources__content_migration__serious_eats__seriouseats.com__images__2015__09__20150814-carne-asada-food-lab-kenji-05-ecf776c5e56f4a56a325413c8717e2ef.jpg)
Serious Eats / J. Kenji López-Alt
A small dash of both gave the sauce the depth it needed and helped boost the flavor of the skirt steak, while simultaneously improving its moisture level and tenderness. Fish sauce is hardly traditional in Mexican cooking, but this is carne asada—there are no rules about anything, other than what lands on the plate at the end of the recipe. Besides, in the quantity used here, the fish sauce completely melds into the background.
:max_bytes(150000):strip_icc()/__opt__aboutcom__coeus__resources__content_migration__serious_eats__seriouseats.com__images__2015__09__20150814-carne-asada-food-lab-kenji-09-c839e5e33ae148e3b622c84fb7563db3.jpg)
Serious Eats / J. Kenji López-Alt
Rounding out the flavors in my marinade were garlic, a small bunch of fresh cilantro leaves, some toasted whole cumin and coriander seeds, and some dark brown sugar to balance out all the extra saltiness and acidity.
Marinating Time
What about how long the marinade takes to work? Does marinating for hours or even days on end help, detract, or make no difference? To test this, I placed pieces of skirt steak into vacuum-sealed bags of marinade, sealing off a new bag every few hours to test marination times ranging from zero to 36 hours. Much to my wife's chagrin, this meant waking up every few hours in the middle of the night to a loud alarm so that I could go put another piece of beef in the marinade. I'm not sure why she puts up with me, but I think the food may have something to do with it.
:max_bytes(150000):strip_icc()/__opt__aboutcom__coeus__resources__content_migration__serious_eats__seriouseats.com__images__2015__09__20150814-carne-asada-food-lab-kenji-16-19c50c2d3f24492590c841b0875998e2.jpg)
Serious Eats / J. Kenji López-Alt
After marinating, I decided that the only way to ensure that all of my samples cooked identically would be to cook them sous vide in a temperature-controlled water bath. Every steak spent one hour at 120°F (49°C), then a few minutes on a smoking-hot grill to bring them all up to a nice medium rare before tasting.
A dozen steaks later, I had come to a shocking conclusion: Aside from those that had spent zero to one hour in the marinade, most of the steaks tasted nearly identical, and they were not particularly tasty.
It was pretty obvious what was lacking from the marinade: salt. While I'd been putting as much salt in the marinade as I would use for a serving sauce—about 1 1/2% to 2% salt by weight—a marinade actually needs to be far saltier in order for it to really be able to penetrate at all.
:max_bytes(150000):strip_icc()/__opt__aboutcom__coeus__resources__content_migration__serious_eats__seriouseats.com__images__2015__09__20150814-carne-asada-food-lab-kenji-22-d29dc66649994eb399eb3d1486d4e295.jpg)
Serious Eats / J. Kenji López-Alt
Many people seem to be under the impression that meat is like a paper towel, or perhaps a ShamWow, capable of absorbing whatever it is we dip it in. We'd see a lot more sponges and diapers made of meat if that were the case.
Okay, perhaps not, but you get my point: Meat is already packed full of stuff, so it's not particularly good at absorbing more stuff. In order to get it to absorb more at all, you need to alter its structure, and that's where salt comes in. In significant enough proportions, salt can dissolve the muscle proteins responsible for keeping meat fibers tightly bound. Once they're loosened, that salt can work its way into the meat, taking along with it a few other flavors as well.
Raising the salt content to 3% (just a couple of extra teaspoons) can significantly improve the flavor of the meat, though, even with extra salt, there's only so far a marinade can penetrate. Those big aromatic molecules in a marinade are simply too large to get far beyond the surface.
:max_bytes(150000):strip_icc()/__opt__aboutcom__coeus__resources__content_migration__serious_eats__seriouseats.com__images__2015__09__20150814-carne-asada-food-lab-kenji-21-composite-17b887ccadc14bdc88951c064f34837f.jpg)
Serious Eats / J. Kenji López-Alt
Once I'd increased the amount of salt, I found that by three hours or so, the meat had absorbed the majority of the flavors it was going to pick up. The difference between meat marinated for one hour and meat marinated for three hours was far greater than the difference between a three-hour-marinated batch and a 12-hour-marinated batch. Eventually, though, the acid in the marinade will start working against you, turning the meat mushy instead of meaty, so I don't recommend marinating for any longer than 12 hours total.
I very happily discovered that if I set aside some of the marinade before adding the extra salt, it served as a not just decent but fantastic salsa for the meat, whether I decided to eat it whole with a knife and fork or stuffed into tacos with onions and cilantro.
On the Grill
:max_bytes(150000):strip_icc()/__opt__aboutcom__coeus__resources__content_migration__serious_eats__seriouseats.com__images__2015__09__20150814-carne-asada-food-lab-kenji-27-cdf8122cd46446eb8cb1dea946f47ef7.jpg)
Serious Eats / J. Kenji López-Alt
The last step is actually the easiest (and the most fun!): grilling.
There's one cardinal rule for skirt steak, and we've repeated it again and again: Use the highest heat possible. I mean smoking, blistering, painfully hot. Skirt steak is very thin, yet it tastes best when charred to the point of crispness. With typical grilling temperatures, the center ends up overcooking before the outside has a chance to char. For the best results, add your steak to the grill only once the coals are at their hottest, or after the gas has had a chance to preheat until it can preheat no more.
That's the only way you're going to get steak that's gorgeously charred on the outside, full of smoky, sweet flavors, with a center that's still pink and the fat just starting to soften and melt, lubricating the whole affair. I generally advocate using a thermometer, and, if you've got one, the very center of this steak should register 110°F (43°C) or so when you pull it off (carryover cooking will bring it up to a medium-rare 125 to 130°F/52 to 54°C). But even without a thermometer, so long as the exterior is well charred, chances are good you're going to hit that final temp spot on. It takes a little more coal than usual, or a slightly longer preheat, but the results are well worth it.
:max_bytes(150000):strip_icc()/__opt__aboutcom__coeus__resources__content_migration__serious_eats__seriouseats.com__images__2015__09__20150814-carne-asada-food-lab-kenji-26-e23a07e7567a4a5e95cc13ec8be70386.jpg)
Serious Eats / J. Kenji López-Alt
One important detail: After the steak comes off the grill and rests for a minute to come to its final temperature, make sure that you slice it against the grain—that is, perpendicular to the very pronounced striations that appear in the meat. Failure to do this will leave long muscle fibers in your meat, making it feel rubbery and tough. It will also instantly reduce any accumulated street cred you may have garnered from friends, family, and acquaintances to an effective operational level of zero, and you'll be forced to start building up that cred again from the beginning.
If there were a short list of foods that help increase your street cred when executed properly, carne asada would have to be pretty high up there. Now if only I could find a way to replace that fried ice cream and those frozen margaritas of my memory, I might finally be able to free myself of the shackles of my youth.
:max_bytes(150000):strip_icc()/__opt__aboutcom__coeus__resources__content_migration__serious_eats__seriouseats.com__images__2015__09__20150814-carne-asada-food-lab-kenji-29-2d9a9200aeeb45378689530814d3cb8e.jpg)
Serious Eats / J. Kenji López-Alt
Recipe Facts
Ingredients
3 whole dried ancho chiles, stems and seeds removed (see note)
3 whole dried guajillo chiles, stems and seeds removed (see note)
2 whole chipotle peppers, canned in adobo
3/4 cup (180ml) fresh juice from 2 to 3 oranges, preferably sour oranges
2 tablespoons (30ml) fresh juice from 2 to 3 limes
2 tablespoons (30ml) extra-virgin olive oil
2 tablespoons (30ml) soy sauce
2 tablespoons (30ml) Asian fish sauce, such as Red Boat
2 tablespoons (30g) dark brown sugar
1 small bunch cilantro, leaves and tender stems only, divided
6 medium cloves garlic
1 tablespoon whole cumin seed, toasted and ground
1 teaspoon whole coriander seed, toasted and ground
Kosher salt
2 pounds (900g)iles on a microwave-safe plate and microwave until pliable and toasty-smelling, 10 to 20 seconds. Transfer to the jar of a blender and add chipotle peppers, orange juice, lime juice, olive oil, soy sauce, fish sauce, brown sugar, cilantro, garlic, cumin seed, and coriander seed. Blend until a smooth sauce has formed, about 1 minute. Season to taste with salt. Transfer half of the salsa to a large bowl and the other half to a sealed container. Set aside the sealed container in the refrigerator.
Serious Eats / J. Kenji López-Alt steaks, adding them all to the same bag. Pour any excess marinade over the steaks. Squeeze all air out of the bag and seal. Refrigerate for at least 3 hours or up to 12 hours.
Serious Eats / J. Kenji López-Alt preheat for 5 minutes. Alternatively, set half the burners on a gas grill to the highest heat setting, cover, and preheat for 10 minutes. Clean and oil the grilling grate.
Remove steaks from marinade and wipe off excess. Place directly over the hot side of the grill. If using a gas grill, cover; if using a charcoal grill, leave exposed. Cook, turning occasionally, until steaks are well charred on outside and center registers 110°F (43°C) on an instant-read thermometer, 5 to 10 minutes total. Transfer to a cutting board and allow to rest for 5 minutes. Slice thinly against the grain and serve immediately, passing extra salsa, lime wedges, avocado, onions, cilantro, and tortillas on the side.
Serious Eats / J. Kenji López-Alt
Special equipment
Blender, grill, instant-read thermometer
Notes
I like ancho and guajillo chiles here, but a mix of chiles such as negro, pasilla, and California can be used in their place. An equivalent weight of hanger or flap steak can be used in place of skirt steak.A proclamation aimed at shielding Butte County from any liability if it had to rescue animals from the year’s first major fire, turned out to be unneeded, but it was ratified anyway.
Last Tuesday as the “Honey Fire” threatened homes in Butte Creek Canyon and along the lower Skyway, Paul McIntosh, the county’s chief administrative officer, issued a proclamation of local emergency.
The emergency related to the potential need to rescue livestock and pets from evacuated homes and farms.
McIntosh said the step was necessary because, without it, if anything happened to rescued animals the county would be on the financial hook for the liability.
The proclamation legally shifted the liability to the state, according to McIntosh.
John Gulserian, Butte County director of emergency services, said the precaution was a prudent move, but the fire was brought under control before any animal rescue was necessary.
He said the area threatened by the fire included “a lot of small ranches and people who owned horses.”
While McIntosh has the authority to issue the proclamation, it had to be ratified by the Board of Supervisors to be official.
Friday the supervisors conducted a special meeting, where they unanimously approved the proclamation.Temperature Smart Sensor with thin cable
Smart Sensor temperature sensor for wireless data logger of the DeepWave system with LoRa technology, with thin cable (2 mm in diameter) for passage on door …
Smart temperature sensor for DeepWave system radio data logger with Lo.Ra. Wan.
The Smart Sensor contains its calibration and identification data in the electronics inside: in this way the recalibration process is quick and easy: just replace the sensor without having to request the intervention of a professional technician on site for calibration or having to remove the sensors with the data loggers from their position to send them to a calibration laboratory.
There are no additional costs!
All Smart Sensors are supplied with an Accredia traceable calibration certificate included.
Smart Sensors work with the DeepWave system and Lo.Ra. radio nodes:SANTA ANA — A 22-year-old woman has sued the Pepsi Cola Co. and a grocery store chain, alleging that a can of Pepsi she bought contained a decaying rat.
Maria Del Consuelo Lazaro's lawsuit filed Friday in Orange County Superior Court claims that, while visiting family in Buena Park in July, she took a drink of Diet Pepsi that she had bought at an Albertson's only to spit out some strange matter. A few hours later, according to the suit, she went to Anaheim General Hospital with extreme abdominal pains, diarrhea and vomiting.
Staff at the emergency ward opened the can and discovered a full-grown mature rat about the size of a fist, said Lazaro's attorney, Daniel Ramirez of Buena Park. The hospital later sent the can and its contents to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which concluded that the rat was "canned at the Pepsi plant," Ramirez said.
But a Pepsi spokeswoman called the scenario of a canned rat improbable.
"It's highly unlikely that any sort of animal could find its way into a canned soft drink because of our manufacturing process and the quality control that we do," spokeswoman Anne Ward said from Somers, N.Y., on Monday. "We need to determine whether the rat got into the can before or after it was opened."Trimatra Interactive3 members Developer
We are Trimatra Interactive, established in Indonesia, and being an "Over the Internet" indie game studio and architectural visualization partners since...
Why.
No games, mods, engines, software or hardware appear to be published or in development by fROZEN Trimatra Interactive, established in Indonesia, and being an "Over the Internet" indie game studio and architectural visualization partners since...
A developer of role playing games including GRIME.
Tryhard Entertainment is an indie game company that aims to deliver quality products worldwide, which are both unique,satisfying and fun for the users...
We are an independent game development company creating unique playable experiences in rich detailed worlds.
A developer of adventure games including Lieve Oma..For a long time, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos has been saying the company has a simple criterion for opening new categories of physical retail stores: Can it significantly improve on the traditional store experience? With its Amazon Go chain, for example, it used sensors, cameras and software to get rid of cashier checkout lines.
I had this in my head when I arrived at Amazon’s first-ever hair salon this week in the gentrified Spitalfields shopping area in East London, not far from where I live. I was excited. How was Amazon, the world-beating pioneer of retail and technology, planning to upend the global hairstyling industry?D&Q Mining is a high-tech company integrating R&D, production and sales. It provides mature products and solutions such as crushers, sand making, milling equipment, mobile crushing stations, etc., for aggregate, mining and waste recycling.
Building sand and stone. East London, East London to The Wild CoastMore
China Stone Crushing Machine manufacturers Select 2020 high quality Stone Crushing Machine products in best price from certified Chinese Crusher Machine manufacturers, Crushing Machine suppliers, wholesalers and factory on Made-in-ChinaMore
Stone Quarry Machine For Sale Stone Crushing Machine. Quarry stone cutting machine for sale, montana stone quarries, stone quarries in portugal, polishing machines for marble italy, maine stone slab quarries, search used stone quarry machines in usa to find your need. used stone crusher machine for sale june 30, 2012, comments off.More
portable stone quarry machines stone quarry machines price . Quarry Crushing Machine for Sale. Stone quarry crusher plant selection is an important part in stone quarry business plan. To choose crushing machine several factors need to be considered such as ore property final product requirements investment capacity etc. We can design theMore
We find 600 products about crushing machine from 600 manufacturers & suppliers. Read more →More
Stone Crusher Machine Stone crusher is widely used in the world market mining industry nowadays, for primary crushing of hard rocks and block materials. The large and The large and Suppliers with verified business licensesMoreMore
China Stone Crusher manufacturers Select 2020 high quality Stone Crusher products in best price from certified Chinese Construction Machine manufacturers, Mining Equipment suppliers,More.More
Limestone Quarries in Indiana,Limestone Mines Equipment for Sale . Used Stone Crusher for Sale in India Price; Stone Crushing Machine with Capacity 800 to 1000 tph; and the lime was of veryMore
SCM 350 BERNARDO Stone Cutting Machine 230 V Only 8 left in stock. 1380W Jewelry Rock Polishing Buffer Bench Lathe Polisher Machine Mini Table Saw Gem Jewelry Grinder Mill Polishing Machine Mini Drill Rotary 0-26000r/min Benchtop Polisher MachineMore
AGA insists on equipments of high quality and advanced technology to assist customers in their pursuit of a true competitive advantage. The products include bridge saw, block cutter, multi blades cutting machine, polishing machine, paving stone machine, cobble stone machineMore
Used mini stone crusher price Delhi chinagrindingmill.net. Stone Crusher Machine Exporters Stone Cutting Machine Exporters Stone Find complete details about Crusher from Hillview Plant FOB PriceMoreIn partnership with
Whittling down a list of must-sees and must-dos in Tasmania to just ten is a tricky prospect, but to help you make the most out of your Tassie holiday we’ve attempted to do just that. We’ve included a mix of nature, history, oddities and award-winning drinks, so you can be sure there’s something (if not ten things) that will appeal to you.
Be warned, however, that some of your favourites – Cradle Mountain, Mount Wellington and Mount Field National Park, for example – haven’t made the cut. It’s not that they’re not incredible places – because they truly are – it’s just that the competition in Tasmania is so high.
Our top ten for Tassie, in no particular order:
- Freycinet National Park
- Bay of Fires
- Sheffield’s murals
- Mona
- Cape Grim’s clean air
- Little Blue Lake
- Ross
- Tasmanian devils
- Sullivans Cove whisky
- Overland Track
Freycinet National Park, east coast
Anyone who’s been to Freycinet will understand why it’s made the list. A peninsula of jaw-dropping vistas and white secluded beaches with countless walking trails make Tasmania’s east coast a local favourite holiday spot. Most famous for Wineglass Bay and the pink granite peaks of the Hazards mountain range – Freycinet is the perfect for hiking, swimming, snorkelling, kayaking and wildlife watching. Amazing sunrises, passing pods of dolphins and incredible snorkelling are wonders to behold. Just under two hours from Launceston and two and a half hours from Hobart, it couldn’t be easier to get back to nature.
Bay of Fires, north-eastern corner
If you’re flying into Launceston, make sure you plan a drive to the Bay of Fires in Tasmania’s north-east. Like with Freycinet, we’re not winning any awards for originality by including it on our list, but it’s simply impossible to leave off.
For photographers looking for landscapes filled with contrasting colours, this is it. White beaches, blue water and bright orange boulders combine for dramatic pictures. It’s somewhere that’s unlike anywhere else in Australia, perhaps the world, and once you’re here, you won’t be able to get enough of it.
The Town of Murals, Sheffield
In Tasmania’s north, just 30 minutes inland from Devonport, is a small town with an artistic streetscape. When work dried up in the area in the late 80s, the town of Sheffield came up with a plan to stand out: murals. Not just one or two murals either, Sheffield currently has more than 60 murals painted on the sides of its buildings and major structures – not bad for a village of just 1500 residents. No matter where you park in town, you won’t have to wait long to spot your first few paintings.
You can appreciate these murals year-round, but if you time your trip to visit in April you can attend the annual International Mural Fest. At the heart of the festival is a mural painting competition, with artists given a poem as inspiration to create their masterpieces. The nine winning entries remain on display in the town’s aptly named Mural Park until the next competition.
Mona, Hobart
It might seem like a cop out to add a museum to a list of must-sees, but Mona – Museum of Old and New Art – is an exception.
The museum is more accurately described as one man’s private art collection. That man, David Walsh, is a Hobart icon, a self-made millionaire who spent more than $75m to build the museum and open it to the public. Walsh isn’t your average art collector – with a fortune made through professional gambling, he believes art should challenge the mind. This helps explain the museum’s eccentricities, its unusual exhibitions and mind-blowing festivals.
Expect the bizarre, chaotic and entrancing. From Egyptian mummies to a machine that replicates the inner workings of the human digestive system (excrement and all), there really is something for everyone.
World’s cleanest air, Cape Grim
If you’re looking to get away from the urban sprawl to truly appreciate wide open spaces and nature at its purest, this is the place.
Admittedly, Cape Grim doesn’t have the most enticing name, but it does have one major attraction: the world’s cleanest air. Take a deep breath, exhale and repeat. You’ll feel your lungs filling with goodness and your troubles floating away.
Blowing in from the west, there’s thousands of kilometres of nothingness, leaving the breeze as fresh as it can be. In fact, if you head due west from Cape Grim, the first land mass you come across is Argentina.
Little Blue Lake, South Mount Cameron
Little Blue Lake is one of those Australian names that really does its job describing its attraction – making it fit alongside the Great Sandy Desert, Swan River and the Snowy Mountains.
Found in the north-east of Tasmania, Little Blue Lake is a sight to behold, with water the colour expected in a fairy tale. However, the colour comes from heavy metals in the old mining area, so while beautiful it’s not for swimming in.
Heritage and history in Ross
Roughly halfway between Hobart and Launceston, Ross is a gorgeous riverside village that provides a break in the drive between Tasmania’s two major cities.
The convict built town has many heritage-listed buildings, from historic convict sites, cemeteries, churches, hotels, inns to police stations – a real throwback to early Australian colonial times. Ross also has Australia’s third oldest bridge.
One oddity in the town is the bakery which has, by accident, become a major draw to anime fans because of its similarity to the bakery in the 1989 film Kiki’s Delivery Service. It also claims to have the world’s best vanilla slice, which opens up a whole other debate.
Tasmanian devils, island-wide
Seeing a Tasmanian devil in the wild is almost as unlikely as seeing a Tasmanian tiger on your trip. The devil has dark fur, is nocturnal and is incredibly shy.
Luckily, there are many wildlife conservation sanctuaries where you can see the marsupial up close. Unzoo, near Port Arthur, is one of the best for its wildlife-first approach to animal keeping, but you can also see them at Bonorong, Trowunna, Devils@Cradle and more.
World-class whisky, Hobart
You may think that some of the world’s best whiskies come from Scotland, but the fine folk at Sullivans Cove might like to correct you on that assumption.
Don’t believe us? Then listen to the experts. This distillery has won a sleuth of international awards, competing against tipples from Scotland, Ireland and elsewhere, while head distiller Patrick Maguire became only the second Australian to be inducted into the Whisky Hall of Fame.
If you want to sample this world-class drop, take a distillery tour to learn the distilling process and taste whisky straight from the cask. Or call into the cellar door in Hobart, open every day for whisky tastings.
Overland Track
What better way to escape your busy lifestyle than with a six-day trek through the Tasmanian wilderness? The Overland Track is often touted as one of Australia’s best walks and for very good reason; it truly is an unforgettable experience. Along the 65km trail, you’ll discover some of the state’s best natural sights, while also racking up incredible stories for your return.
Experienced hikers can tackle this trek by themselves, or join a group of like-minded souls on a guided walking tour, such as Cradle Mountain Huts Walk. They provide all the essentials; food, shelter and wine. They can also ensure you see all the best spots.
Find out more about Tasmania
Related articles:
The Best Walks in Tasmania
Best times to go to Tasmania
Road trip your way around Tasmania: Part 1
Road trip your way around Tasmania: Part 2
Tasmania in pictures – 10 of Tassie’s best experiences
A guide to the best wineries in Launceston
10 of Tasmania’s most unique accommodation options
Best times to go to TasmaniaCapacitor prices
I'm currently trying to order a stock of ordinary axial polyester film capacitors, 0.1uf and 0.01uf can be obtained at reasonable cost but values such as 0.22, 0.33, 0.47 seem to be going for silly prices. Am I looking in the wrong places? Any recommendations for suppliers would be welcomed.
John.
Hello John,
It is worth having a look on ebay, for instance here is an example of the kind of capacitor I frequently use....
I think the brand name for them is "Suntan" but they don't look out of place on most chassis and can usually be squeezed into an old wax capacitor shell if needed.
I buy the superb Vishay MKT1813 caps from Farnell - usually they get significantly cheaper after the first price break.
There's also Rapid's range of jb Capacitors JFGA polyesters:
I've never used these myself, have always used the Vishay ones.
I bought a huge stock from Just Radios of Canada a few years ago that I'm still ploughing through. Since then like others, I've been toppling up via e-bay, via vendor ecl80 who pretty much has most of what we all need. Only occasionally do I go to the big boys for the hard to obtain part or two.
The 100+ price break for the Rapid JFGA polyesters is impressive- the sort of saving that makes a group buy worth chewing over. They sound similar in general description to the Vishay MKT1813 that I've also used over the years- does anyone have any experience of them? I've noticed a trend for both thinning of copper leads with capacitors and for steel leads being used on many in recent years. I bought a bundle of Sprague 431P 0.1uF 600V polyesters long ago for valve kit overhaul- this was the first time I'd noticed the use of steel lead-outs and assumed that it was to reduce the likelihood of soldering heat damaging the dielectric by conduction, but I suspect that it's as much about cutting costs nowadays.tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-1171160888027626372.post8859603904824218631..comments2021-11-06T19:57:48.337+08:00Comments on A Not-So-Popular Kid | Food Blog: MEATBALL FACTORY in Archer's PlaceRenz Kristofer Cheng hope so, Mich! Because, if they won't, they ...I hope so, Mich! Because, if they won't, they may be out of business soon. :)Renz Kristofer Cheng place. It's still on soft opening ...Interesting place. It's still on soft opening so baka they'll adjust the ingredients pa. :)michymichymooExperience has shown that peace and development approaches are more likely to be sustained in the long term when they are inclusive, and locally owned and led. The 2030 Agenda, the twin UN resolutions on Sustaining Peace, Resolution 1325, Resolution 2250 – all recognise the importance of inclusion.
As the custodian of the aforementioned frameworks, the role of the UN in promoting their application is of particular importance. This has become even more urgent as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and responses to it are proving to have devastating effects globally in terms of exacerbating marginalisation, increasing inequalities, and closing civic spaces.
This seminar explored how the UN pursues meaningful inclusion in practice, with a focus on examples and experiences from Colombia and Malawi. How does the UN, working in these country contexts, understand and act on international recognition of the importance of inclusion for sustainable peace and development? How can it strengthen efforts to advance inclusivity at the country level more generally?Reseller Web Hosting
Host your client on the best servers in Canada and increase your potential to earn more.
100% white label
Free WHM/cPanel control panel
Unlimited amount of websites
“Best-in-class” customer service and support
Blazing fast SSD servers
Also want to sell domain names. Check out our domain name reseller offer.
Add the SSL option for only C $ 9.95 per month and protect as many sites as you want in a reseller web hosting package.
The Advantage of a Reseller Hosting with Astral Internet
Reselling web hosting is a walk in the park with the right partners.
Your Own a cPanel Reseller Control Panel
Your reseller hosting will come fully equipped with it own cPanel reseller control panel. You will have full control on every aspect of your client’s hosting account.
- Create your own hosting package and feature list. Only give access to the features your client paid for.
- Globally manage your reseller account’s DNS zone in the cPanel/WHM interface.
- Free access to WSA, the website accelerator that will transform any slow website into a blazing fast site.
Enhanced Security and Flexibility with CloudLinux and Imunify360
Your reseller hosting account will have the best and most secure environment possible with CloudLinux and Imunify360.
- Perform a full cPanel scan to automatically detect and clean malware found inside a website.
- Daily scan of all your reseller hosting accounts with automatic malware cleanup.
- Easily switch between PHP versions directly from the cPanel account.
A White Label Reseller Hosting Account
Change the aspect of your clients’ cPanel account and add you own logo. Our reseller hosting is ready to be tailored to your look.
- Customize your reseller branding with your own company name, logo, and custom links.
- Change the cPanel theme and brand it with your own colors.
- Set yourself as the publicly available company for all your reseller hosting accounts.
Anything Your Clients Could Ever Need
Want to resell more than web hosting? We have you covered.
- Purchase the SSL option for only 9.95$ per month, and secure as many sites as you want!
- As a domain name reseller, get access to preferential deals and easily control, order, or renew your client’s domain names.
- Your client has outgrown their hosting plan? No problem! Upgrade to a VPS or move their site to a separate hosting plan.
Why Take cPanel Web Hosting Reseller Package with Us?
With our web hosting reseller packages, you can easily set up your sites whenever you want, without having to contact us.
CPanel Control Panel
The world’s most popular hosting control panel is brought to you for free.
Website Protection
Multiple layers of protection against hacking, DDOS attacks and brute force attacks.
1-Click Software
Easilly install over 320 scripts, including WordPress and Joomla, in 1-click.
99.9% Guaranteed Availability
Our infrastructure provides an online service availability rate of 99.9%.
100% White Label
Create your own branding from A to Z. From custom nameservers to your own color scheme.
The Best Experts
All your problems will be resolved when you get in touch with our experts.
Our reputation goes beyond Canadian borders. Over the years, we have carved out a “leader” position as a web hosting reseller through the quality of our customer service, the knowledge and skills of all our agents, as well as the professionalism each of our clients is served width.
The Best Protection for Your Reseller Web Hosting Package
No risk to take, we have several levels of security that ensure maximum protection for your reseller package.
Mod Security
Blocks malicious requests that affect popular tools like WordPress, Joomla, and Drupal.
Fortinet Physical Firewall
Filters all data center traffic to mitigate DDOS attacks and protect you against viruses.
CSF Firewall
Protection in the server that protects against intrusions and blocks attempts to hack your passwords.
Hacked Website?
Our professional webmaster service is available 24/7 to quickly clean up a compromised account.
Unbeatable Satisfaction Rate!
More than 73% of our clientele has been referred by other clients or are former clients who come back to request our services after a short period of absence.
An Exceptional Product from Quebec.
We can always trust Astral Internet for an exceptional product quality and an outstanding customer service. Reliable and safe servers, great customer service and technical support, make Astral Internet our chosen partner to handle the hosting and domain names management of our clients.STÉPHANE GAGNÉ, General Manager (anekdotes.com)
)
Special Conditions
† The price is based on a 3-year subscription. Shorter subscription periods are available in the shopping cart. Special introductory price is only valid for the first year. Price for product renewal is subject to change.COVID-19 Coronavirus Information – Travel, health & safety precautions for MKS employees & partners. Learn More
- Products
- Solutions
- Support
- Company
The 1651C2S Displayless Pressure Controller is a self-tuning controller which operates from user-supplied ±15 VDC input power. Its compact size allows for installation anywhere on the process system, saving valuable rack space. The 1651 can be commanded through RS-232 communications, or it will accept an analog set point for pressure or position control. Alternately, there are five preprogrammable pressure or position set points which can be selected via TTL signals. It is fully compatible with the electrical signals, connectors, and software of the MKS 651 Controller. The self-tuning algorithm determines optimal control parameters for any set point in the range of the valve by learning time constants, transfer functions of the valve and plumbing, valve gain, and other important parameters.CANCELLED: will look to reschedule in September.
Chinatown, Field Trip and Workshop with Arik Gorban
July 9th -- 9:30 am
Meeting spot Bayard & Mott Streets. Here's his Website:
EMAIL with Registration to follow. We'll be splitting his fee of $250 for 12 or so people, and worth every penny, believe me. Obviously the more of us that go the cheaper it gets.
We are not organizing a formal car pool but those who wish to car pool should meet at the Rockaway Mall in the parking lot across from the Hilton. This is also the lot where one may catch the Lakeland bus to NYC. If your are a senior citizen you can obtain a half price voucher in Dover, NJ prior to the trip. You will need to take a cab to Chinatown.
If you decide to drive here is a link to the yelp page that rates the parking lots that are close to Chinatown.
The price of the event will be determined by the number of people who attend. We are not taking online payments.
All Content © Sparta Camera Club and their respective members.
No photos displayed on this site may be used without permission from the credited photographer.It’s almost time for EXPO Chicago—the International Exposition of Contemporary and Modern Art—when The School of The Art Institute of Chicago (SAIC) co-presents /Dialogues, panel discussions on art.
“SAIC is proud to partner with EXPO Chicago on the /Dialogues series for the third year,” states SAIC Dean of Faculty and Vice President for Academic Administration Lisa Wainwright. “Bringing visitors to EXPO CHICAGO and engaging through these discussions enriches the context of the art on view at the exposition, and provides an opportunity for an important exchange from some of today’s top artists and thinkers.”
The /Dialogues schedule includes :
Friday, September 19
11:15 am | The Contemporary Foundation
Elizabeth Smith, Joel Wachs and Christy MacLear
In Conversation
12:45 am | The State of the Midwest Museum
Christopher Atkins, Rose Bouthillier and Tricia Paik
In Conversation
2:00 pm | /Dialogues Highlight
Ryan Gander In Conversation with Hamza Walker
4:00 pm | Collecting: Challenges in a New World
Sandra Guthman, R. Hugh Magill, Canice Prendergast and Dorsey Waxter, moderated by Brook S. Mason
5:30 pm | In Conversation: French Curator Exchange
Naomi Beckwith, Guillaume Désanges and Matthieu Poirier, moderated by Forrest Nash
Saturday, September 20
11:15 am | What Do Your Politics Get From Being In My Art?
Jim Duignan, Michael Rakowitz and Abigail Satinsky, moderated by Duncan MacKenzie
12:45 am | In Conversation: The Network as Form
Pablo Helguera and Christian Viveros-Faune
2:00 pm | In Conversation: (Im)possible Matters
Franklin Sirmans In Conversation with Tavares Strachan
3:30 pm | /Dialogues Highlight: The Physical Importance of Performance Art
Eric Shiner In Conversation with RoseLee Goldberg
5:00 pm | In Conversation: “ART21” – Season 7
James Cohan and Arlene Shechet
Sunday, September 21
11:30 am | /Dialogues Highlight: The Open Road
Justine Kurland and Alec Soth
1:00 pm | Sculpture/Culture
Orly Genger and Hank Willis Thomas
For more information, visit.Browse the range of 'Choices' Windows and Doors from the comfort of your home >>
Browse 'Choices' Windows and Doors >>
Use one of our Door Designers to design and build a Dream Door now >>
Design a Dream Door now >>
© 2021 Absolute Windows, Doors & Conservatories. All rights reserved | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy
Absolute Windows, Doors & Conservatories your local, leading double glazing specialists northamptonshireVideo Marketing: Messaging vs Production Value
by Matthew Mister, on Feb 24, 2020 7:00:00 AM
Video is a great way to get your marketing messages out to the world. Video can be used on practically every social channel and is prevalent on websites across the internet. However there is a common mistake that many companies make when they try to use video for their marketing efforts.
One thing a lot of companies try to do with videos is that they think every single video needs to look like it was made on a Hollywood studio. If you're looking to create a television commercial than that is understandable, but for the majority of content on the internet today, that level of production value is overkill. Many companies will spend a lot of money to make a video look really good. But then you watch it and when you're done you're still not entirely sure what they do.
That video that they threw together may have cost a few thousand dollars depending on how much production they put into it. In reality, most video marketing content can be made with either the smartphone in your pocket or a high-end webcam or DSLR.
For a marketing video, the message is more important than the production quality of the video. If your audience doesn't understand what you do, they'll never actually purchase your product or service, they'll just remember that one commercial you spent a lot of money on.12.08.2021
12.16.2021
11.10.2021
07.23.2021
Free, convenient online check-in services.
Featuring a monthly dose of information and inspiration for living well.
Access your medical information on demand.
We are committed to expanding access to emergency services to meet the needs of our rapidly growing community. SBRMC Freestanding Emergency Department, located at 3590 Gulf Shores Parkway, provides faster access to emergency care for people living in the area south of our main campus. We are dedicated to bring the same award winning quality and safety care to this facility as our main campus.Set includes 10 personalised letterheads, 10 envelopes, & a set of sealing stickers
Letters to grandparents, tooth fairy or pen pals, connect with loved ones with this personalised letter writing set. Pen down your thoughts & seal it with stickers, this letter set will surely pop out in the mailbox!
Letter Size: A4
Letter Paper: 100 GSM imported paper
Envelope Size: 9.25” x 4.25”
Envelope Paper: 130 GSM Imported coloured paper
Once your order is placed, we will email you a digital proof for approval within 1-2 business days. Product ships within 5 to 7 business days from date of approval of digital artwork.Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. Go forward and make your dreams come true.
One of the highlights of your journey through Western Canada will definitely be your drive along the Icefield Parkway. This road starts north of Lake Louise where you turn off Highway 1 and enter Highway 93, better known as the Icefield Parkway.
There are a heap of places to stop on this scenic road to Jasper but I’ll be sharing seven of my favourite spots with you this week going from Lake Louise (south) to Jasper (north).
The first stop would be at Herbert Lake. This lake is right off the highway and doesn’t look that much more exciting than the others you have just passed. But don’t be fooled.
Park your car on the parking lot on your left hand side and walk around the lake. At one point in the back of the lake you will discover a jumping plank where you can take a refreshing plunge into the cold water.
Be warned, leeches are common around the jumping plank and the shore so keep an eye out for them. We went in a bunch of times but had no problems.
Enjoy !
2 thoughts on “The Epic Icefield Parkway : Herbert Lake”
Your blog is making us want to go back to Western Canada!
Thanks Emma and Stewart ! I wish I could go back as well !Click here to schedule an appointment online. New patients can also call (312) 820-0150.
Dr. Kaoutar Tlemcani, MD
Telehealth available
New Patient(312) 820-0150
Dr. Kaoutar Tlemcani, MD is a medical oncology specialist in Zion, IL. Dr. Tlemcani completed a residency at Englewood Hospital and Medical Center. She currently practices at Cancer Treatment Centers of America, Chicago and is affiliated with Cancer Treatment Center of America, Chicago. She accepts multiple insurance plans. Dr. Tlemcani is board certified in Hematology.
Locations
Cancer Treatment Centers of America, Chicago
- 1
Cancer Treatment Centers of America, Chicago2520 Elisha Avenue, Zion, IL 60099 Existing Patients: (847) 510-2822
Education
- Montefiore Medical Center, Fellowship Hospital
- Englewood Hospital and Medical Center, Residency Hospital. Tlemcani?
My Family has never meet a better Dr. She truly cares more then you would ever expect and you can feel confident to put your 100% trust in her. She answers and explains everything in great detail and gives you specific details on how to proceed going forward. She is truly the best
Hospital Affiliations
- Cancer Treatment Center of America, Chicago
Frequently Asked Questions
Dr. Tlemcani has indicated that they offer telehealth. Contact the office to check for eligibility for your needs.
Use our insurance check to verify if Dr. Tlemcani accepts your insurance.
Dr. Tlemcani frequently treats Secondary Malignancies, Breast Cancer, and Prostate Cancer.
Dr. Tlemcani's office is located at 2520 Elisha Avenue, Zion, IL 60099. Find other locations and directions.In the age of technology it should come as no surprise that we now have mobile blackjack casino apps available for download on your phone. Whether you have an Android or an iOS iPhone, there are options available. Here we recommend the best ones for each operating system.
However, before you rush to download a blackjack casino app, you should fully understand the pros and cons of playing on your mobile device. We review them succinctly below. Also, if you want a no download or sign-up experience, play our free blackjack game.
Mobile Blackjack Casinos
It won’t be long before smartphones and tablets are the main devices for accessing the internet and enjoying the games offered online. Blackjack is already available on many different platforms and ranges from full casinos through to social games. This page outlines all the different options available for players who would like to play mobile blackjack, and are not yet sure where to start.
First up, you will find an overview of the different kinds of blackjack games available on mobile devices. After that, the main categories of mobiles and tablets are covered – along with links to pages which give you plenty more detail for each one.
What Kinds Of Blackjack Games Can I Find On Mobile Devices?
Blackjack games have evolved considerably since the original single deck players against dealer games. You can now find many cool variations on the ‘21’ theme, in addition to the standard US or European rules games, on just about every mobile device out there.
One of the shortcomings of blackjack is that the wins are small and incremental – rather than having big windfall payouts like slots and roulette. To make up for this, many blackjack variants include side-bets like Perfect Pairs or ‘Lucky 7’s’ which give you the chance of a bigger win, or even progressive jackpots linked between several casinos. Other variants switch up the rules, giving you extra surrender options, or even two hands where you can swap the top cards.
You will also find multi-player blackjack games available on mobile devices. This can be ‘standard’ games with several people playing together, or even a live dealer game where you are playing with real playing cards dealt by real dealer streamed via video-link. The other kind of multi-player mobile blackjack game involves a tournament format. Here you are competing with other players to have the biggest chip-stack after a certain number of hands, which gets you through to the next round for the chance of winning big money.
Mobile Blackjack – iPhone and iPad Blackjack Games
Apple pioneered modern mobile technology, and rightly enjoy the best choice of apps. You’ll find a huge choice of blackjack games for both iPhone and iPads, ranging from full casinos with several blackjack variants included – to stand-alone apps which are aimed at the social-media loving youth who enjoy competing and sharing results just for fun.
You can find out more on the choices available for Apple users in this article covering blackjack for iPad and iPhone.
Mobile Blackjack – Android Devices
Android now has the biggest share of the mobile operating systems worldwide. This comes loaded on generic tablets, as well as the higher end ones from Samsung and Sony. You’ll find that 4 out of every 5 new smartphones worldwide are powered by Android. It follows that the casinos should make sure they are available to players with these devices. You’ll find all of the major casino software houses now have blackjack games available for Android mobile devices. Most have apps which you can install, though others rely on the in-browser Flash technology which has improved dramatically in recent years.
Before you play a single hand of blackjack on your Android device, make sure you check out our guide to playing blackjack on Android devices first.
Mobile Blackjack – Other Mobile Systems
While Apple and Android command most of the market in mobile operating systems, they are not the only players out there. The next 2 in terms of size only have a small percent of the overall market, however this still works out to be millions of users. Windows Mobile and Blackberry users do have access to a range of blackjack games. These include the social casino apps as well as the opportunity to play for real money. As the absolute number of people using these devices increases over the next few years – we could well see even more operators make the jump to supporting these mobile systems.
Pros and Cons of Playing Blackjack on Your Smartphone or Tablet
Playing on any particular device has its advantages and disadvantages, and mobile blackjack is no exception. The key thing to check out is whether the game has been adjusted properly for the smaller screen sizes. This is not just clear cards, text and chips that you can see – the main thing is that the buttons are the right size. This is especially important when you are playing in a real money mobile blackjack game – fiddly button sizes could lead to clicking mistakes which could directly affect your bottom line. Fortunately, most casinos have already considered this and built it into their games. You will still have to be careful with some of the in-browser (flash or HTML5) mobile games out there.
Stable internet is another key factor to consider for mobile blackjack. Some play money and fun apps can be played offline – syncing when you do have internet access. For real money games this is not possible, so you’ll need to ensure that you stay somewhere you have strong coverage when real money is on the line. If you prefer the live-dealer games then I recommend you stick to a solid WiFi connection and do not rely on 3G – you do not want to find yourself disconnected seconds before you find out if you won a hand.
Casinos with Android Blackjack Apps – Free & Real Money
Android now powers more than 80% of the world’s mobile devices, and is gaining significant ground on traditional computers and laptops for the time people spend online. You can enjoy blackjack games on Android devices in many different ways. There are fun blackjack games, in the form of apps which can be free or available for a couple of dollars. You can also play real-money blackjack apps, with a full range of games including the popular blackjack variations. You can even play Android blackjack without a download, with both flash and HTML5 technology making great leaps forward in recent years.
This article covers all the different Android blackjack options. First, play-chip blackjack apps are looked at, including some popular free and low-cost apps. After this you’ll find some information on real money Android blackjack casino apps – followed by some notes on the in-browser options.
Free and Low-Cost Blackjack Apps
There are a lot of blackjack apps available in the Android store. These are mostly completely free, and come in two main categories. First, you get simple player against dealer games for play chips only. The main benefit of these games is that you do not need to be connected to the internet to play them – they work great offline. Second, you can find multi-player blackjack games in which you are playing at the same table with other people. These are for fun chips too – only you have the competition (and social) elements of interacting and trying to beat the other players.
You’ll find big differences in the graphics, and the size of the cards or bet amounts varies considerably too. For the offline game I recommend Blackjack 21 Free, which is the most popular player against dealer game.
For players who prefer the interactive style of game, then Blackjack 21 Pro Live both looks and plays great. You can download this one free at the Google Play store. This app will give you daily bonuses of more chips to play with, and also allow you to purchase more chips on top.
The most popular titles change a lot as brand new games get developed. Some good alternatives to check out include Vanilla Blackjack, Blackjack Royal 21 Live and Bonus Blackjack 21.
Real Money Blackjack Apps for Android
When it comes to choosing real money blackjack apps for Android, your location is important. US players have a limited set casinos compared to those worldwide – though still have access to some fantastic Android apps. If you are a worldwide player the choice is larger, at the same time you’ll have more ‘duds’ to filter through before you find the gems among the Android blackjack apps available. Bear in mind that the Play store will only show you play-money and free apps, to get hold of the real money versions you’ll need to go to the website of the game owner and download it from there.
You’ll need to download a complete casino app in order to reach the real money blackjack games on your Android phone. This setup is much the same as the old computer downloads, you start with the lobby and cashier functions, and then when you access a new game for the first time that game is downloaded onto your phone separately. This makes great sense, since the alternative is that every player gets every single game from the get-go.
For US players Win Palace casino has a full download for Android, this casino also have a great reputation – having looked after their players very well for the last 5 years. You can download the casino and check out the games for play-chips before you switch over to real money.
Android Blackjack Software Uses Flash And HTML5 Games
Flash is a solid option nowadays, and not the 2nd rate crash-prone slow system it was 5 years ago! In fact, I can rarely tell the difference once the games are running. This is better for tablet or Phablet users than for players with smaller smartphones. The advantage that choosing Flash blackjack games gives you is that you can pick and choose from a lot of variations at a lot of casinos very quickly. Depending on the spec of your particular tablet, and your ability to multi-task, you can even choose to play more than one game at the same time.
Newer games are being developed on HTML5, which has the advantage of not needing separate support from your operating system – or a separate plug-in. With improved internet connection speeds, more powerful devices and the growth of cloud computing – it would not surprise me to see even better browser games as we move forward.
iOS Blackjack Apps for iPhone & iPad.
Blackjack For iPad and iPhone – Free-To-Play Blackjack Apps Apps for iPad and iPhone iOS.
HTML5 and Flash Casino Games that Work on the iOS.
Plan Before You Play.Dish Network Verses DirecTV
It’d sound too good to be true, but you truly can download full size movies for free from the Internet. For action movies, the music being set for the scenes can improve its depth when it comes to energy and excitement. We wish to establish ourselves as The Hero character in a film, that is why finding an example of this archetype in Hollywood movies are relatively simple.
3. Maintain The Movies: There are times you’re going to run into a film that you will want to add it to your assortment. Watching a film is a highly urged method in relation to releasing stress. A spoof of the basic horror movies Frankenstein and Bride of Frankenstein.
Watching A Film Will Relieve Stress
Movies are often not set in the location that is portrayed within the film. Hustler TV is a XX.5 service channel that delivers the hottest grownup entertainment with most exclusive movies from big stars to recent amateurs. There might need been instances that come you have gone to watch a comedy film and left the cinema discovering that the film shouldn’t be humorous at all.
Music might help amplify the emotion that is being set by the character. Individuals want the P2P file sharing networks as a result of this is the only option for watching new movies and the newest blockbusters utterly freed from cost. Most consultants would recommend that a careworn individual should watch one thing mild and funny as a result of viewing a horror film could not really unclench your thoughts that much.
Young Women Movies may be either movies for women or about girls. It is a XX.5 service channel provided for just $13.ninety nine. With XX.5 service channel Reality Kings TV, subscribers can take pleasure in the new grownup TELEVISION experience with number of wild, fun sexual conditions for just $13.99.
A Checklist Of Will Smith Movies
I have all the time been a film fanatic for as far back as I can keep in mind and although I’ve enjoyed all genres, I particularly gravitated to comedy movies for the most part. Usually, biopic or historical movies enable you get a glimpse into the lives of wonderful folks. Other Billy Crystal movies I’ve cherished are City Slickers 1 & 2, Mr. Saturday Night time and When Harry Met Sally. Two glorious examples of this are the movie Shakespeare in Love, which was filmed in Broughton Citadel and Stays of the Day, which was filmed in Powderham Fortress.
Hugh Grant plays a easy e book shop owner whose life adjustments perpetually when he meets Julia Roberts, the glamorous film star in this British romantic comedy set in Notting Hill. It does not matter if the movie is playing in theaters both, the film trailers have still been set into place for shopper viewing.
movies with be, movies with b, movies 2020 terbaik, movies 2020 comedy, moviesjoy free movies online
These movies tend to be extra concerning the later center ages and the … 
Fervent Preet Bharara Gets a Judicial Scolding
A judge’s rebuke of the United States attorney raises an issue about how far prosecutors should go in seeking publicity when charges are filed.
April 14, 2015, Tuesday
MORE ON RAJ RAJARATNAM AND: Caproni, Valerie E (1955- ) , Bharara, Preet , Silver, Sheldon , Ethics and Official Misconduct , Justice Department
U.S. Weighs Whether to Act or Wait on Insider Trading
Prosecutors and the S.E.C. will most likely take a wait-and-see approach on the new limitations to the law against insider trading.
April 7, 2015, Tuesday
MORE ON RAJ RAJARATNAM AND: Insider Trading , Decisions and Verdicts , Justice Department , Securities and Exchange Commission , Bharara, Preet
Utah Passes White-Collar Felon Registry
The Utah Legislature has approved legislation to build the nation’s first white-collar offender registry, affixing a scarlet letter of sorts on the state’s financial felons.
March 12, 2015, Thursday
MORE ON RAJ RAJARATNAM AND: Utah , Banking and Financial Institutions , Crime and Criminals , Ponzi and Pyramid Schemes , Frauds and Swindling , Insider Trading , Law and Legislation , Reyes, Sean D , Securities and Commodities Violations , Sentences (Criminal)
Can a Stock-Trader-Turned-Convict Start a New Life?
Roomy Khan made a pile of money trading on inside information. Then she cooperated with the F.B.I. Where does she go from here?
March 1, 2015, Sunday
MORE ON RAJ RAJARATNAM AND: Khan, Roomy , Insider Trading , Rajaratnam, Raj , Galleon Group , Securities and Commodities Violations , Hedge Funds , Banking and Financial Institutions RAJ RAJARATNAM AND: Bharara, Preet , Ganek, David , Level Global Investors , Insider Trading , Courts and the Judiciary , Diamondback Capital Management , Federal Bureau of Investigation , SAC Capital Advisors , Chiasson, Anthony , Newman, Todd (1965- )
Preet Bharara's Wall St. Task Force Has a Shifting Roster of Lawyers
Lawyers who have helped bring down big Wall Street targets are leaving public service for private law firms, but prosecutors say hungry talent is filling the gap.
February 16, 2015, Monday
MORE ON RAJ RAJARATNAM AND: Justice Department , Legal Profession , Bharara, Preet?It's the school holidays!
28/07/2019
The school holidays can seem to last for an eternity. With day after day of time to fill, it’s a real challenge to find fun things to do which don’t cost the earth. So you’ll be pleased to know we’ve done some of the hard work for you! Read on for some of our top tips for low-cost school holiday fun.
Painted Rocks
The popularity of painted rocks continues with more and more people getting involved all the time. If you haven’t stumbled on this fun way to enjoy the outdoors and some creativity, here’s the low down:
Painted Rocks is a new take on
Find a selection of smalls pebbles/rocks – the flatter the better - and decorate them with your choice of patterns, messages, animals, flowers, superhero, anything you love and want to share. Usually, there’s a hashtag for a local Painted Rocks Facebook group so that the finders can take photographs and share their finds.
With your rocks painted, head out to find great hiding places for your own rocks and hunt for other hidden rocks. The fun of painted rocks makes getting out in the fresh air take on a whole new level of fun for children and is a great way to discover new countryside places.
Haslemere Museum
Founded in 1888 by Sir Jonathan Hutchinson, Haslemere Museum is now a 15,000sqm educational space housing over 240,000 natural history specimens and artefacts from around the world.
During the school holidays, you’ll find lots of amazing, intriguing, interesting and fun things to do with children, all for just a few pounds. Here are just a few of the events which are running over the summer, find out more here
8th August: Get Buzzing - learn all about the Museum’s bees
14th August: Falconry display – interactive flying displays provided by Falcon High
22nd August: Teddy Bears’ Picnic & Mini Fete – pop along for children’s tea, games, face painting and more. Don’t forget your teddy!
29th August: Lego Challenge – Join Brilliant Bricks to design and build a
There are so many fantastic events, workshops, lectures and exhibitions at the museum coming up, it’s hard to decide which ones to go to!
Beach fun
The English weather can wreak havoc on summer holiday plans, but don’t let a lack of sunshine stop you hitting the beach. As long as you’re prepared, have a picnic and a bucket and spade, you can have hours of fun.
If you can’t face battling the traffic down to the coast, why not try Frensham Great Pond instead? With it’s Green Flag
In case it’s not warm enough to simply sit an enjoy the views or splash in the water, try some of these beach ideas:
Take some pretend coins and secretly bury them in the sand and have fun digging for treasure.
Pack a mini kite to make the most of the blustery weather.
Make a hopscotch grid in the sand and use shells or stones for markers.
Pack some bubbles! The open space of the beach and the breeze is a perfect combination to create some bubble fun.
Make a sandman. Channelling all of your snowman building expertise, mix up the water and sand to build a sandman – who can build the tallest one!
Whatever you decide to make the most of the summer holidays, have fun!Rock Week Update. Confirmed Cocktails.
Rock Week Cocktail Name Ideas
Disney Week
Rum of the Week – Old Monk
posted in: News, Rum of the week | 0
Cocktail Competition
New Mixer For Gin
posted in: Gin of the moment, News | 0
Introducing The Blog
New Website
Welcome to our new website, designed and built by Chip Parade. If you have any suggestions that you’d like to see on our website then please get in touch via our Find Us page.COEUR D’ALENE EVENTS: ENJOY THE ARTS IN DOWNTOWN CDA
There is plenty to do in Coeur d’Alene year round, but getting out during the dark winter months may seem less appealing to some. Thankfully, the Coeur d’Alene Arts & Culture Alliance has the perfect opportunity to head downtown and enjoy the musical talent of North Idaho. During the months of January, February and March, come to Downtown Coeur d’Alene on the second Friday of the month to enjoy Music Walk. From 5 to 8pm, enjoy music by local artists at various venues throughout the downtown area. While the venues and bands are still yet to be decided, Ali Shute, executive director for the Coeur d’Alene Arts & Culture Alliance, says the entertainment is always a highlight of the month for many.
At the conclusion of Music Walk begins ArtWalk each April. The event takes place the second Friday of each month and continues through December.
These are just some of the wonderful opportunities to not only enjoy the arts in Coeur d’Alene, but also the beauty of the downtown area as the walks take you to various venues.
Stay tuned throughout the year for other events such as the Riverstone Concert Series during the summer months, the Artist Studio Tour in June and much more.
LEADMAN RACE
Just when winter begins to wind down, the annual LEADMAN Triathlon has sports enthusiasts headed up to Silver Mountain.
Taking place each April, the annual LEADMAN is great for individuals and teams looking for a unique and exciting type of competition. The race, which begins at Kellogg Peak on Silver Mountain, starts with competitors running from the starting line approximately 200 feet where they click into their ski or snowboard equipment. Once they are strapped in, competitors ski or board approximately one mile to the next spot where their mountain bikes await. Here, they ditch their boots and get onto their bike for yet another descent down the mountain on an eight-mile trail; a mixture of single and double tracks complete with mud, rocks and dirt makes dodging obstacles an exciting part of the competition.
Once the bike portion is done, the running segment of the competition begins. A four to five-mile run ends at the Gondola Village. The race, which can be done as an individual or teams of three with each participant taking on a section, benefits projects sponsored by the Kellogg Rotary Club.
Spectators and participants are treated to some great post-race festivities as well! Come and check it out. Who knows? Maybe next year you will find yourself speeding down the mountain on skis, a bike or running...or maybe all three!
For more information you can visit LeadManTriathlon.com or call 208.783.1507.
SANDPOINT EVENTS:
AN EVENING WITH VIGGO MORTENSEN
On January 13 and 14, 2017, at Sandpoint’s historic Panida Theater, enjoy an evening with acclaimed actor Viggo Mortensen. This special event will include a viewing of the recently released movie “Captain Fantastic,” starring Viggo. There will also be an introduction and a question and answer session with the actor who stars in the movie that is set in Washington State.
Viggo is perhaps best known for his role in “The Lord of the Rings” and began his acting career in the 1985 film “Witness,” which starred Harrison Ford. Viggo has appeared in more than 30 films and was nominated for an Academy Award in 2008 as best performance by an actor in a leading role for his work in “Eastern Promises.”
He has been the recipient of many awards for his work as an actor, but his talent runs much deeper; he is also an accomplished poet, photographer and painter.
Don’t miss this opportunity to meet one of the finest actors in the industry and enjoy his latest production in the historic Panida Theater in Downtown Sandpoint.
SANDPOINT WINTER CARNIVAL
Mark your calendars now for Sandpoint’s Winter Carnival taking place February 15 through February 26, 2017. Since 1973, people have come from all over North Idaho to enjoy all the town has to offer during this fun-filled carnival. While events are still being finalized for this year, many of the traditional activities are sure to take place.
One of the favorites include the K9 Keg Pull where dogs of all sizes pull anything from beer cans to full-size kegs with the crowd cheering on the four-legged furry participants. The entry fee is donated to benefit the Panhandle Animal Shelter.
Schweitzer Mountain Resort is an eager participant in the annual Winter Carnival and their annual fireworks show is something not to be missed.
One of the highlights of Winter Carnival is the annual Dine Around Sandpoint, which runs every day for nearly one month and encourages locals and visitors to come out and enjoy all the wonderful cuisine that Sandpoint has to offer. With more than 20 Sandpoint restaurants participating in Dine Around Sandpoint, patrons who enjoy a meal at one of the restaurants are eligible to win a daily prize and the grand prize of a meal out each month for two people at 12 of the participating restaurants. What more of an excuse do you need to get out and enjoy all that our local chefs are serving up?How to make this delicious Korean soup. Some people say it’s a hangover cure! My recipe is here: If you are in New York on June 26, I am having a Kimchi contest! There will be prizes and delicious food! details: register: See you there!
Dried pollock soup (“bugeoguk”)
Speak Your MindDuct.
Low-voltage radiant heating operates from solar power at Greenbuild
In the Net Zero Zone at Greenbuild 2015, companies demonstrated their ability to operate from renewable energy at the Washington Convention Center..
Green home uses radiant floor heating for energy saving comfort
It's good to know that comfort can also be very energy efficient..Property Attributes
- ID#2210097075
- TypeSingle Family
- CountyMACOMB
- CityRichmond
- AreaRichmond
- NeighborhoodSETH LATHROPS SECOND ADDITION
- Zip48062
- StyleColonial
- Year Built1880
- Taxes$ 1767
- Price$ 189,900
- Bedrooms3
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage1554
-
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Deising Real Estate Services
Data Source:
RealComp - 83 - MI
Property Description
This home is only a couple blocks away from main street Richmond. Walk to dinner and shopping. This is a 1554 Sf colonial that has 3 bedrooms and 2 baths. It has a tandem 2 car garage which is 14' wide by 37' deep. There is a large wood deck off the back of the house and a front porch. Behind the garage is a shed to store your lawn mower and yard tools. Roof was done in approx. 2004, hot water heater was done about 7 years ago. Some painting has been done in the living room and upstairs bedrooms.GroupDocs.Assembly .Net Indirect API v19.8
GroupDocs.Assembly for .NET offers set of APIs to automate popular document formats and generate reports from customized templates within C#, ASP.NET or any type of .NET application. The document assembly API works efficiently and collects data from various data sources, assembles it within custom template document to generates reports in the preferred supported document formats. Users can dynamically manage formatting properties of template documents to quickly create high quality documents with a few lines of code. GroupDocs.Assembly for .NET supports working with a variety of document file formats including Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook), Email, HTML, OpenOffice and text files. It offers comprehensive support for customizing template elements by manipulating text, HTML & conditional blocks, images, charts, barcodes, hyperlinks, pivot tables etc. This is indirect access to the GroupDocs.Assembly .Net API. Please refer to the corresponding SDK below.
Advertisement
Additional Resources
Meet The Editors
Editor in Chief
News Editor
AdvertisementWhat Our Guests Say
VILLA JANJI
2 May 2021
Absolutely amazing week! We loved our week together. A secluded oasis with privacy but also close to the local attractions. The gorgeous 4 poster bed reminded us of the honeymoon Edward and Bella had in “Twilight”. Thankfully we didn’t destroy it like they did! But gave it a good crack Ha, Ha, Ha, Ha
This has been a magical week and we will be back!
G & N
4-6 June 2021
We had a lovely weekend enjoying the simple things like the fireplace, spa bath and no kids up in the morning
S & R
20-22 April 2021
An amazing villa! Everything was better than we imagined. Seclusion and privacy, complimentary wines and cheeseboard … Nothing was overlooked to make our stay one to remember. Thank you for making our 30th wedding anniversary one to always remember.
P & T
7-9 May 2021
We spent a weekend at Villa Janji and it was excellent – can’t speak highly enough of it. Great location for visiting the vineyards, peaceful, good pool, 4 poster bed and all amenities you would want. Thank you Geoff and hope to be back soon.
I.K.
6-8 July 2021
This was an amazing place to spend my birthday. I told my partner all I’ve wanted to do was to go to Bali but with COVID we obviously couldn’t go. He surprised me with this Villa which was as close to Bali as he could get us.
Thank you for making this tropical Balinese paradise so close to home! (& for accommodating our requests)!
M & J
Promise 2
6 January 2021
We stayed 4 nights, loved the property!
Geoff has been a wonderful host spoiling us with a great selection of wine and allowing us to have a fun time all over the property.
We will definitely come again!
Maha et al
17 March 2021
Promise 1
This was a lovely place and we both said we could have stayed longer.
D & S
Promise 2
2 August 2020
Thank you for providing the best weekend getaway. Honestly could not change a thing! It was perfect! You have a lovely home and we were so sad to leave. Thank you for the wine & cheese … it was very generous and very delicious.
Thanks again, we will be back
Lizzy, Katie & Harvey
Promise 2
13 September 2020
Very, very nice. We will be back.
Allen & Rita
Promise 2
25 October 2020
Best place ever!
The C’s
14 July 2020
Thanks for a fantastic stay in what has been a pretty crazy 2020. We were both completely relaxed at the end of the trip. Fantastic décor, thoughtful little extras (wine, cheese etc) and beautiful views. Thanks for providing the most beautiful setting to start our lines together – we got engaged!
B & K
4 July 2020
My husband and I chose Villa Janji to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary – perfect place to unwind, relax and nourish the soul. Thank you for the thoughtful inclusions, they were enjoyed and greatly appreciated.
M & K
12 June 2020
Thanks for such a beautiful experience. You’ve done an amazing job of creating a romantic getaway. We will be back.
T & S
Villa Janji
21 June 2020
Thank you for an amazing time away. The place is fantastic – exactly what we were looking for.
Nathan & Trish
Promise 1
19 July 2020
Another wonderful visit. Relaxing and enjoyable given what the world is experiencing. Just what we needed for our annual pilgrimage has been a reset. See you next time!
McI & G
Promise 1
19 July 2020
Love, love, love this place! Thoroughly enjoyed our stay. WE couldn’t think of anything that you didn’t provide. A wonderful weekend for a 70th celebration! We’ll be back!
D & T, J & G
Villa Janji
21 July 2020
Well 2020 has definitely turned out to be a year to remember and our stay here will be one of the outstanding positives!!! We’ve absolutely loved it here and have already told friends to book. So beautiful looking all around and feeling like Bali but then to go outside and see the countryside around (and the kangaroos) was amazing. Thank you for our supplies. Lovely little extras … and the cheeses were yummy. Favourite part … the fireplace (Gaz got to pretend he was Geronimo!)
Thank you … we’ll be back.
J & G
Promise 1
20-24 July 2020
Another wonderful visit. Thanks Tristan and Geoff! Relaxing and enjoyable given what the world is experiencing! Just what we needed. Our annual pilgrimage has been a reset. See you next time.
McI’s & G’s
Promise 1
27 July 2020
Thanks for such a great weekend in this beautiful house in a beautiful location. We will definitely be back.
H & D
Villa Janji
31 July 2020
My partner surprised me with a getaway for my 21st birthday. It was the most amazing Villa. We went to the Chocolate Company and the Smelly Cheese Shop. The views and atmosphere of this place are incredible. I truly felt like I was staying overseas in Bali. Thanks for having us.
B & J
Villa Janji
July 2020
My hubby surprised me with this hidden gem. We celebrated our 19th anniversary. It was really special to celebrate and make such special memories. Thank you for being a part of creating eternal experiences.
E & D
Villa Janji
7 August 2020
A gorgeous little escape from everyday lie. Loved the double bath, the afternoon sunshine on the deck or a lap of the paddock with a wine at dusk. Lovely birds, super chill kangaroos. Thank you for the delish wine and cheese plate.
C & P
Promise 1
9 August 2020
Wonderful stay! Just not long enough. Beautiful premises, so relaxing to stay by the fireplace and enjoy the break from a hectic lifestyle. We’ll be back.
NG and LG
Promise 1
2 October 2020
Thank you for a wonderful stay, we thoroughly enjoyed being at your property. You have a beautiful location there and the boys happily woke us at 530am to get us so we could see the balloons rising from their window.
J & NH
Promise 1 & Promise 2
5 October 2020
We would like to thank you for your hospitality and enjoyed your beautiful property and how it was presented. The pizza oven was a win, croissants were delicious and we all appreciated the wine. Great weekend and thanks again.
Marisa
Villa Janji
7 October 2020
It was honestly the nicest villa we have stayed at and we have stayed at a few. Just be prepared to have heaps of bookings since my Instagram is flooded with messages of where you guys were and friends shocked on how amazing it looked.
FM
Villa Janji
19 July 2019
Villa of Promise a name that describes very well. Not many words can not be used to describe our amazing getaway. Absolutely breathtaking – thank you so much – definitely planning our next getaway here for the summer so we can take advantage of the plunge pool.
Shazz & Chris
Villa Janji
10 August 2019
Such a beautiful weekend at Villa Janji! The perfect weekend getaway for me and my amazing man! The wine and cheese are best shared in the bath at sunset. A snuggle in the comfortable bed with scattered petals was the perfect end to a beautiful day.
Truly the perfect place to rekindle our love. The Villa has worked its magic and this weekend will always be remembered.
Natasha & Steven
Villa Janji
12 August 2019
We had an amazing time at Villa Janji for our honeymoon! It was the perfect place to come and relax and celebrate being newlyweds! Having a fire to keep us warm was amazing! A perfect start to our marriage!
Jess & Stew
Villa Janji
23 August 2019
My husband and I had an amazing weekend at Villa Janji celebrating our 1st wedding anniversary. It was romantic, the views are amazing and the privacy was great!
Thank you Midnight’s Promise for a perfect weekend.
Teara & Glen
Villa Janji
7 September 2019
My husband and I stayed here on our wedding night and it was absolute bliss. We hope to return for another getaway in years – happy years – to come! Thanks for having us!
R & S
Promise 1
May 2019
Another wonderful tree-change at beautiful Midnight’s Promise. Thanks again Tristan and Geoff for your assistance and thoughtful response during our power crisis. We always love our time here and look forward to returning.
Macs & Gardeners
Promise 1 & 2
31 May 2019
Fabulous location for our family reunion! Could be comfortable here for a long time. Many thanks.
McCallum Family
Villa Janji
18 April 2019
Thank you for an amazing stay. We had a great time at your beautiful Villa.
S & B
Villa Janji
15 April 2019
We stayed for our honeymoon and had an awesome time!
Meg & Joel
Villa Janji
13 April 2019
Great stay for our 25th wedding anniversary!
Ange & Phil
Promise 2
16 February 2019
A beautiful place to enjoy with friends. Will come again soon!
Especially enjoyed Midnight’s Promise wines and spectacular croissants. THANK YOU!
Simon (& friends)
Villa Janji
6 January 2019
Bliss. Thank you for a lovely stay. It was a perfect wedding anniversary (the dinner you arranged was divine). It was also an amazing way to start a New Year. We are now fresh and ready to tackle what 2019 throws at us!
Allison
Villa Janji
24 December 2018
Thank you for our weekend away! Beautiful and romantic is the exact vibe we were looking for.
All the little extra touches (breakfast etc) made it all the more special.
Can’t wait to come back.
Dana and Albert
Villa Janji
27 November 2018
Amazing experience.
Perfection plus +
Privacy plus +
Location, location.
The attention to detail to ensure you have everything you need during your stay is unbelievable.
An abundance of breakfast provided
Gorgeous mouth-watering restaurants close at hand.
Balloons on the horizon in the morning.
Have I forgotten anything – yes, to say thank you!
Tracey
Villa Janji
26 December 2018
Thank you for having us here!
The view, atmosphere and hospitality is great.
Midnight’s Promise definitely promises the wonderful experience and unforgettable memories.
PS. Those rose petals were a surprise!
Merry Christmas
J & A
Villa Janji
05.08.19
“Our stay at Villa Janji was absolutely magical. My boyfriend proposed to me the day after our 9-year anniversary at the Hunter Valley Gardens. I will never forget this place or that moment. This place is truly magical.” M & A 4 Ever.
Villa Janji 26.08.18
“We pulled up to the front walkway which was lined with a red carpet + candles + photos of us. On the deck were 2 chairs + a table with white drapes hanging over. I sat my then GF down and gave her a gift. The gift was a scrapbook of us. Each page had a theme, i.e. we fell in love, we bought a house, we’re best friends. On the last page it said “Will you marry me”. She said “Yes”. This place has brought so much happiness to us. What a great and magical weekend my fiancée and I will never forget!! “
TK & ET.
Villa Janji
02.09.18
“This place is amazing! My boyfriend surprised me for my 24th birthday! A birthday I will never forget. We have both thoroughly enjoyed our time here! The view, wine, bath and of course the company has been amazing. Could not recommend this place highly enough! ” Brendan & Renae.Orange and Poppy Seeds Bread
18 Grams food Lab had been testing different recipes, and Orange and Poppy Seeds Bread is one of them. In fact we had been testing this recipe for close to 6 months, trying to perfect it to everyone’s liking. This is close to our final version. We are now just trying to balance the taste of Orange, Poppy seeds and Bread. We will be giving away Orange and Poppy Seeds Bread next month during our 1st anniversary celebration in Causeway Bay. Hope to see you then!
. Accordingly, we, the Palaung State Liberation Front (PSLF/TNLA) earnestly request our Ta’ang people to control their anger, so as to avoid racial conflict between the Ta’ang and Shan peoples, and live in amity and harmony with fellow local peoples.
After signing the NCA, the Shan State Army RCSS/SSA reached understanding with Myanmar Tatmadaw (Army) and expanded its force by introducing troops by the thousands into Ta’ang Region. However, in addition to its inability to establish itself easily in Ta’ang Region, as it had suffered annihilation militarily, it repeatedly made various kinds of false accusations against our organization, spread false information, committed all kinds of human rights violations and passed them onto our organization, and engaged in acts and distribution of fabricated news that would cause racial conflict between the Shan and Ta’ang peoples.
In the case of one-sidedly making trumped-up charges that in the battle taking place in February, Nyaung Maun Abbot and some local people were executed, Ta’ang Sanghas and some media went to the place of the battle, met with Nyaung Maun Abbot and the local community, and they were able to reveal the truth. In the burning of Ho-pan village of Mine-wee region, Namt Kham Township, blame was heaped on our organization unfairly, and after that as the Myanmar Tatmadaw troops came to attack on the TNLA troops, who were taking rest temporarily in Tort-san village of Kyauk-me Township, some local people’s houses similarly catch fire. In the clash between the SSPP/SSA and Myanmar Tatmadaw troops in Pon-woe region, some local people’s houses were also burnt down.
Due to successive military dictatorships, as the opportunity for resolving the political problems peacefully was not obtained, our Ta’ang Army – PSLF/TNLA – is much sympathetic and sad for the Ta’ang, Shan, Kachin etc. peoples in Ta’ang Region, who have to suffer miseries of the civil war bitterly. Our organization will endeavor our best to find means and ways for meeting with responsible governments concerned, for finding solutions politically for cessation of the civil war and also for freeing the local communities from miseries of war.
Though it is said that the new Myanmar government has been formed, under the leadership of Daw Aung San Suu Kyi’s National League for Democracy and political changes are being made, Myanmar Tatmadaw is creating more battles for perpetuation of fire of the civil war and instigating racial conflicts, by various means, among the ethnic nationalities. For that reason, the Palaung State Liberation Front – PSLF/TNLA – would like to urge and request expressly the Ta’ang Sanghas, elders and people, for avoiding racial conflict, to keep the ancestral Buddhist attitude on hand, control belligerent anger, associate and live peacefully with fellow ethnic nationalities, according to the tenets of affection.
Central Executive Committee
Palaung State Liberation Front P.S.L.F./T.N.L.A.Tags: Ethnic Armed Organisations, Ethnic conflict, Palaung State Liberation Front (PSLF), Palaung State Liberation Front (PSLF/TNLA), the Ta’ang National Liberation Army (TNLA)
This post is in: Press ReleaseRelated Postsbarcode sticker printer To ensure that we meet the production goals of customers, our highly skilled service-oriented professionals will be available to help learn the details of products provided at Arojet Inkjet Printer Machine. In addition to that, our dedicated service team will be sent for on-site technical support.
Arojet barcode sticker printer Customers can rely on our world-class manufacturing capability and expertise to achieve 'barcode sticker printer excellence'. The huge range of options on offer at Arojet Inkjet Printer Machine, coupled with our proven 'design excellence', will provide more than meeting specific needs!barcode printing machine price,industrial coding,batch coding machine for bottles.DAO issues notice to return seized property
DHANGADHI: District Administration Office Kailali today issued a notice urging all to immediately return the property seized during the Maoist insurgency.
The notice signed by Kailali Chief District Officer Shiva Prasad Nepal warned of legal action in case of failure to return the houses and land at the earliest.
The notice states that the Supreme Court has decreed to return seized property and that the prime minister has publicly vowed to do the same within three months.
According to the DAO statistics, Unified Communist Party of Nepal-Maoist still sits on the property of 155 people in the district.
“The real figure could be more,” CDO Nepal said, adding, it would be easier to take action if the victims file cases in the DAO claiming their assets.
The Maoists have allowed mostly freed Kamaiyas and other blue-collar workers to settle on the seized property.
According to Nepali Congress leader Govindaraj Joshi, the ruling party has seized the assets of 200 NC activists alone.ASICS has today announced it will be launching its first online store in the UK in September 2013.
The specialist online offering will allow consumers to access the full range of products in running, cricket, rugby, hockey and indoor sports, as well as more niche products currently not available in all markets.
ASICS’ new site will incorporate a number of features including the MY ASICS online training tool, an online shoe advisor and the full range of ASICS’ footwear, apparel and accessories.
The online shoe advisor is a key element to the brand’s online offering. It will provide consumers unable to benefit from ASICS’ in-store Foot ID service with an online solution, ensuring the specialist advice required for technical products is not overlooked. The renewed online shoe advisor will give consumers the closest match possible to their running needs, taking into account key personal information, foot type and the surface they run on.
CEO of ASICS Europe, Alistair Cameron commented:
“The ASICS website will mark a brand new chapter, complementing our stores and completing ASICS’ sales offer. The site incorporates a number of state-of-the-art features offering customers detailed product information and advice. As a true sports performance brand, we are confident this site will be the specialist sports destination.”
ASICS’ new online store will launch in the UK market due to its strong penetration of online sales and opportunity for growth. Further roll out to other European markets will then take place through 2014.
The online platform is currently being developed with agencies Amaze, Neoworks and Hybris, working in partnership with ASICS’ global headquarters in Japan.Five minutes.
That’s the magic window for connecting with a new sales lead. Because after just five minutes, the odds of qualifying a new lead decrease by 10x.
But just think about how you typically find out that a new lead was on your website today.
You’d only know after they filled out a form.
Which is fine.
That approach works — and you captured their contact information so you can follow up later.
But here’s the problem.
Buyers now are different than they were 5-10 years ago when marketing automation tools really started to take off.
People are coming to your website with very specific questions today — and they don’t want to fill out forms and wait for a reply.
They want — and expect — answers in real-time.
Following up with someone hours, days, or weeks after filling out a form is the equivalent of ignoring a person that walked into your store — and then mailing them a postcard in hopes that they’ll come back.
The best time to talk to someone isn’t after they’ve filled out a form. It’s when they are live on your website, in real-time.
And now with Live View, connecting with a potential buyer in real-time is as easy as sending a message to a friend.
Here’s how it works.
Start Talking To Your Best Leads In Real-Time With Live View
One Click, Add A Message, Hit Send
See someone you like? You can message them while they’re live on your website simply by clicking “send chat,” adding a message, and hitting send:
Your messages will appear with your face so they’ll know exactly who’s reaching out:
See Specific Pages, People, And Email Addresses
In addition to being able to see an overview of who’s live right now, you’ll also be able to search for specific pages on your website (if you wanted to see who’s on your pricing page right now, for example) and you can also search by a person’s name or email address if you’re looking for someone in particular.
Follow Leads From Target Accounts And Get Push Notifications
Let’s say you’re doing account-based marketing (or maybe there’s just a lead you’ve been chasing and trying to connect with).
In addition to Live View, you can also choose to follow a contact with one click from their profile:
And then you’ll get browser notifications every time they come back and visit your website.
But here’s a little pro tip. If you have the Drift mobile app installed, you’ll get push notifications on your phone so you can respond when you’re on the go, so you can start closing deals while you’re waiting in line at Starbucks:
How To Get Access To Live View Today
Live View is currently available on our Team plan, but you can get access to Live View for free during a 14 day trial.
To request a trial and get access to Live View (and all of the additional features in the Team plan like our Salesforce integration), you’ll just need to login to Drift, click on the new Live View icon on the left side of the dashboard, and then just let us know you’d like to start a trial.
Don’t have a Drift account yet? Well what are you waiting for? It’s 100% free. Get started with Drift right here.Holly Pfeiffer
Gear List
To pack or not to pack, that is
the question.
I've been over my list a thousand times now. I can hear my mums voice in my head saying 'But what if this happens? Won't you need that? Better take it, just in case.' But these are not the thoughts of someone about to attempt a thru hike. I am by no means an ultra lighter. Instead I decided to make weight saving where I thought I could... So that I could take a few luxuries I felt I'd need (just in case).
So this is what I've settled on;
Aarn Featherlite Freedom (S)
SLEEP SYSTEM
Exped Syn-mat (S)
Big Agnes Copper Spur UL2
Zempire Al Tri Pegs *Because my tent only came with 6 pegs
Sea to Summit eVent Compression Sack (M)
Big Agnes Sunbeam 30 (S)
Rab Silk Sleeping Bag Liner
^ Tent | Sleeping bag | Sleep system packed set up.
CAMP KITCHEN
MSR Pocket Rocket 2
Toaks 900ml Titanium Pot + Bag
Sawyer Squeeze Mini + Bladder (1L)
Platypus Bladder (1L)
Bambaw Spoon
Go Bamboo Dish Brush
MSR Mugmate
Stasher Sandwich Bag
Stasher Snack Bag
Opinel Folding Knife
Bic Lighter
Fuel (230g)
Exped Dry Bag (13L)
^Base food and kitchen set up.
TOILETRIES, FIRST AID AND REPAIRS
North Face Barrel Bag (S)
Nail Clippers
Tweezers
Hemp Scrubber
Hair Ties x4
Earrings x2
Bloody Buddy Menstrual Cup (S)
Grin Bamboo Toothbrush
Toothpaste
Who Gives a Crap TP
Amazinc Sun Stick
Amazinc Mineral Sunscreen
Helinox Duce of Spades
K Tape
Lavender Oil (25ml)
Lucas Pawpaw Ointment (25g)
Primaband Elastic Conforming Bandage
Patch Bamboo Plasters
Assorted Compeed
Medication (ibuprofen, paracetamol & antihistamine)
Coghlans Emergency Blanket
Hand Sanitiser (30ml)
Washing Line
Guy Rope
Sawyer Sqeeze flush system
Tent splint
Notebook
Pen
Sewing kit
Debit Card
Passport
CLOTHES
Icebreaker Hipkini (XS)
Injinji Trail 2.0 Lightweight Mini Crew (XS/S)
Altra Lone Peak 4.5 (8.5)
Mons Royal Racerback (XS)
Lululemon Train To Be Tank (S)
Nike Pro Womens 8cm Shorts (XS)
Respect the Fin Cap
Sunglasses
Rab W
Rab W Microlite Alpine Jacket (8)
Rab PS Zip Top (M)
Icebreaker Bikini (XS)
Injinji Trail 2.0 Midweight Mini Crew (XS/S)
Patagonia Long Sleeve Daily (S)
Lululemon leggings (8)
Crocs (W7)
Buff
Kathmandu Khusi Beanie
Bridgedale Womens Trekkers
Cotton Tee (for camp)
Sand Cloud Towel
TECH
Kiti PLB
iPhone 8 Plus + Lifeproof Fre Case
Apple Watch
Belkin Powerbank (1000mA)
Air Pods + Catalyst Case
Charging Cables (Phone + Watch + PBank)
Petzl TIKKA +2 Head Torch
Tile x2
Sea To Summit Ultra-sil Nano Dry Bag (1L)What credit unions need to know about virtual prepaid cards% in late April and demographics who had rarely or never made online purchases transitioned to online shopping.
This means cashless payment methods are becoming more important. Virtual prepaid cards are a particularly good fit with Americans’ new buying habits since these cards offer an easy way to stay in control of a budget while shopping online. Below are some ins and outs of virtual prepaid cards that can help you decide whether they are right for your credit union and your members.
Characteristics of Virtual Prepaid Cards
Virtual prepaid cards work much the same way as physical cards. Virtual cards include card numbers and must be activated and registered before use. They also can provide the same protections as physical cards but with greater convenience for both credit unions and their members. Issuing these cards is faster and more cost-effective than producing physical cards. The buyer provides the recipient’s email address and phone number, and the loaded cards are delivered by email immediately.
How They Are Used
Virtual prepaid cards lend themselves well to online use and can be used to make purchases over the phone. They register as card-not-present transactions and are generally not usable for in-store purchases or at ATMs.
With current social distancing practices and a growing trend towards online shopping, virtual prepaid cards make sense. They give users the budgeting convenience, value, and account privacy of physical prepaid cards while being easier to issue. With virtual prepaid gift cards, people can easily and quickly share the perfect gift for special occasions, say thank you, or show support within their communities even when they can’t be there in person.
As a leading provider of payment processing services, LSC is here to serve your credit union. We can help you offer members the ease and convenience of virtual gift cards along with traditional physical prepaid cards. If you have any questions about prepaid cards or need help setting up a prepaid program, please contact us today.
DiscussionLove & Sex
First loves. Best kisses. Sexcapades. Break ups. We want to hear your stories about Love & Sex. Share them here.
Queefing (TMI)
Usually after having sex, I get so bloated. Could it be the air that got trapped inside?
Here, I am referring to Vaginal sex.
One time we finished having anal sex, I got super gassy. I went to the bathroom and pushed— i guesses I was literally farting for a good 3-4 seconds. 😭
Vaginal sex we use condom.
Anal sex we do it raw.
Add CommentOctober’s free PS Plus games were recently announced over on the PlayStation Blog.
For the PS4, with Halloween just around the corner, Friday the 13th The Game might just get you in the spirit.
Next up we have a new multiplayer experience called Laser League from Olli Olli developers Roll7.
On PS3 we’re getting Master Reboot and The Bridge ( the later is cross-buy with PS4 ).
For the Vita, Rocketbirds 2: Evolution and 2064 Read Only Memories are October’s offerings and both are also cross-buy with PS4.
And finally to wrap things up, for fans of the H1Z1 game, there’s a PlayStation Plus Blueshift Pack containing the Blue AR-15 schematic, Pro Gamer Hoodie and Marine Blue Offroader – free for Plus members.
You still have until October 2nd to redeem September’s games if you haven’t already.SERVE
Opportunities to Serve
Greater Milford Area and Beyond
Little Free Pantry
We are always taking donations for our Free Little Pantry. We are looking for donations of canned tuna, canned chicken, rice, beans, macaroni and cheese, hearty soups, pasta, spaghetti sauce, individual servings of cereal, oatmeal, fruit cups, peanut butter, jelly, and more.
Ecumenical Food Pantry of Pike County
We support the food pantry located at Good Shepherd Episcopal Church. Our MUMC Team is always looking for people to help hand out food once a month on Friday nights at 6:15.
Milford COVID Relief Fund
With the partnership of Milford Covid Relief Fund, Pike County Covid Relief Fund, Greater Pike Community Foundation and other agencies, we are helping our neighbors during this difficult time.
Since April, we have dispensed gas vouchers, meal vouchers, utility bill payment assistance, help with clothing and food for dozens of families. We praise God from whom all blessings flow and are thankful for the opportunity given to us to look after each oth- er with the love of Christ.
Backpack Kits
We collect school supplies and pack backpacks every year for families at the Pike County Ecumenical Food Pantry. In 2020, we were able to hand out 65 backpacks to children in need packed with school supplies, hand sanitizer, and face masks!
Christmas Giving Tree
Each year at Christmas, we support local families and buy Christmas gifts for children in need. Members of the congregation are able to take a star, purchase an item, wrap it and return it to be delivered to a local family.The Boys' Carbondale Fleece Jacket made with a 100%-recycled fabric is just like its namesake town in Colorado: laid-back rugged and easy on the eyes.
The Boys' Resolve Reflective Jacket is a lightweight durable jacket that provides waterproof breathable warmth. It also keeps him visible in low light with reflective logos on front and back.
The water-repellent Sightseer Jacket made with 94% post-consumer nylon is the lightweight stowable and planet-friendly companion you need for your next journey.
The relaxed-fit Women's AT Arque Jacket features Ventrix™ insulation for breathable comfort during exercise and our revolutionary FUTURELIGHT™ fabric for quiet soft waterproof performance.
Black Friday Sale's On! Save up with ultra-good deals.
Special offers on The North Face favorites have officially landed, and now is the perfect time to get the best buys of the holiday shopping season. Shop our Black Friday sale for savings on packable activewear, stocking stuffer accessories, puffer jackets, pullovers, and more! What are you waiting for? Invest in a pair of leggings to match your new jacket, or opt for joggers and get a quilted winter coat with a faux fur hood as temperatures drop. A sherpa fleece jacket or full-zip sweatshirt is great for layering under an on-sale rain jacket. Before you hit the trail, snag all of your trending travel essentials for way less today, all while staying on target budget.
Snap up these deals before you head out the door. If you're not quite sure what to add to cart, browse our Holiday Gift Guide for our favorite recommendations all in one place to find the perfect outerwear, coats & jackets for you. Give the gift of choice with gift cards for the whole family. Hurry in - with our lowest prices on best sellers, new arrivals will go fast.
NEW! Styles added.
From winter jackets to climbing gear, we've got major savings on the iconic items you love. Plus, we refresh our Black Friday apparel and backpack deals so you always get the best savings of the year. If you're looking for good deals on The North Face hoodies, parkas, puffer coats, or other outerwear you've come to the right place. Seeking new sportswear for your next adventure? Shop our backpacks, windbreakers, t-shirts, and men's jackets on sale today. We've got sales on standard sizes and extended plus size options.
We all love that "feel-good" feeling of an epic deal. Plus, the best Black Friday deals don't stop here. Cyber Monday's coming soon, too, so we'll have deals for days.This entry-level appliance for small video/CDN/OTT delivery deployments has been designed for less complex projects, manufactured to support up to 8 HD streams at 30fps.
AP-1430 Datasheet
[ ap1430_2017_08_31_datasheet.pdf, 1.17.27 MB, Oct.02.2017 ]
General Safety Instruction
[ general-safety-instructions.pdf, 560.72 KB, Jan.04.2021 ], 10.58 KB, Jan.05.2018 ]
AP-1430 Configuration Guide
Configuration Guide 1.1~NEW 2017-09-06 ~
This document serves as an ordering reference guide, providing details on what parts are available from Kontron for the AP-1430 platform AP-1430.
[ ap1430_configurationguide_v1.1.pdf, 1.32 MB, Sep.06.2017 ]Nurse
Develop and implement a comprehensive integrated marketing and communications strategy to support the organization’s goal of serving 100,000 low-income, first-time mothers by the year 2017 by generating visibility and positioning Nurse-Family Partnership as THE prevention program of choice across the country
Regional Program Development Team Leader
The purpose of the Regional Program Development Team Leader position is to assure that the team of Program Developers serving a particular region is successful expanding Nurse-Family Partnership services to reach more eligible families, and does so in a way that fosters high quality, sustainable program operations at the community level.
Program Developer
Enable states and communities in a particular region to implement Nurse-Family Partnership effectively and sustainably, with the goal of serving 100,000 low-income, first-time mothers nationally by the year 2017.
You can find these jobs and others on the Tactical Philanthropy Job Board.Arlington House, The Robert E. Lee Memorial, Reckons With Its History Of Slavery
After seven years of planning and $12.5 million in restoration work, the National Park Service reopened the former home of Confederate General Robert E. Lee on Tuesday. The mansion — officially called the Robert E. Lee Memorial — was built by enslaved people more than 200 years ago. It sits high on a Virginia bluff across the river from Washington, D.C., overlooking the Lincoln Memorial. Located within Arlington National Cemetery, it's surrounded by the graves of, among others, Union soldiers.
It's an embattled site for a home with a difficult past and a complicated present.
Since 1983, Arlington House has served as the official symbol of Arlington, Va. Its image adorns the county's seal, flag, website and stationery. It's on police cars and government mail. Now, after a year of racial reckoning in the wake of the murder of George Floyd, the county is in the process of redesigning its logo to remove the mansion's image.
Julius Spain, president of the Arlington Branch of the NAACP, is one of the leaders of the effort to remove the image of the home from official community materials. He says the memorial represents "a very dark time in our history."
"It's a slave labor camp where people were raped and killed. We have to preserve our past, not glorify it," Spain says.
Showing the "ugly parts" of the mansion's history
A nuanced presentation was part of the goal of the restoration, according to the NPS's Charles Cuvelier, superintendent of the office that administers Arlington House. He showed NPR around the house and grounds with some of his colleagues.
"What we've tried to do is create windows into the past, even the ugly parts." Cuvelier points to places in the restoration efforts — a portion of a wall showing each layer of paint and plaster, revealing the structure beneath, and how it's changed over the years. He says the philosophy goes deeper — he wants to expose how ideas and thinking have evolved as well.
Finding a way to memorialize Robert E. Lee while acknowledging his role in leading the Confederacy and upholding slavery is not an easy line to walk.
Beyond the main house and the adjacent quarters for enslaved people, there is a space dedicated to the complexity of Lee as a person. The small room includes descriptive panels that prod visitors to think deeply about the wisdom and culture of the 19th, 20th and 21st centuries, accounting for the accolades Lee received, and also the criticism.
Ida Jones, a historian and archivist at Morgan State University who studies African American history in the Washington, D.C., area, says Americans "need to see and acknowledge what happened at Arlington House."
"These national parks, these historic homes, these historic personalities need to be understood and viewed not as celebrity, but as filters through which we look at our past," she says. "Arlington House honors Lee, but it also includes nuanced conversation about Lee and the context in the times in which he lived and the decisions that drove his choices."
Those choices are part of institutionalized racism that has impacts to this day. Some of the original housing for enslaved people, for example, once served as a gift shop, and much of the information about their lives has been lost because no one cared to preserve or remember it.
Researchers worked to remember those enslaved there
Archivists were able to trace some of the enslaved inhabitants, and their names are written on plastic sheets preserving the walls. Some people are known only by the work they performed, such as "Gardener," or by their relation to another, such as "Mary's Child." Many names have been lost forever.
During this renovation, the National Park Service worked to uncover and restore as much information as possible about those enslaved at the site. But it stands in stark contrast to the main house, where Lee's accounts and possessions were meticulously preserved over the more than 150 years since his death.
Charles Syphax was an enslaved resident of one of the cramped living areas prior to the Civil War. He oversaw the dining room at Arlington House and married Maria Carter, an enslaved woman whose mother was raped by George Washington Parke Custis, the original owner of the home who was the step-grandson of George Washington. Charles married Maria in the mansion's parlor, in the same spot where Maria's half-sister, Mary Anna Randolph Custis, would marry Robert E. Lee a decade later.
Stephen Hammond is Charles Syphax's great-great-great-nephew and a family historian. He thinks the memorial is reopening at the right time. "This is an incredibly important time in the history of our country. We are evaluating the long-term legacies of that time and this house."
He believes the restored mansion is now a place where people can talk about those legacies.
"We recognize that in this particular space, there are going to be people who disagree with how this new presentation of history is being told. And so we need to recognize that it's about the whole history."
Despite all the work that's been done to add nuance and complexity to the history of Arlington House, it remains an official memorial to Robert E. Lee, who remains a controversial figure in the national conversation about how to preserve history without lionizing its darkest chapter.
That's a task both historians and National Park Service officials seem to agree should be at the heart of the next steps for the property.An Indian rocket named Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV) totally around 560 kg are from US, Canada, Germany and Indonesia as well as one satellite each from Chennai’s Sathyabama University and College of Engineering, Pune.
The Defence.
Till date India has launched 57 foreign satellites successfully.Abstract
Background Social capital has been associated with health outcomes in communities and can explain variations in different geographic localities. Social capital has also been associated with behaviors that promote better health and reduce the impacts of diseases. During the COVID-19 pandemic, social distancing, face masking, and vaccination have all been essential in controlling contagion. These behaviors have not been uniformly adopted by communities in the United States. Using different facets of social capital to explain the differences in public behaviors among communities during pandemics is lacking.
Objective This study examines the relationship among public health behavior—vaccination, face masking, and physical distancing—during COVID-19 pandemic and social capital indices in counties in the United States.
Methods We used publicly available vaccination data as of June 2021, face masking data in July 2020, and mobility data from mobile phones movements from the end of March 2020. Then, correlation analysis was conducted with county-level social capital index and its subindices (family unity, community health, institutional health, and collective efficacy) that were obtained from the Social Capital Project by the United States Senate.
Results We found the social capital index and its subindices differentially correlate with different public health behaviors. Vaccination is associated with institutional health: positively with fully vaccinated population and negatively with vaccination hesitancy. Also, wearing masks negatively associates with community health, whereases reduced mobility associates with better community health. Further, residential mobility positively associates with family unity. By comparing correlation coefficients, we find that social capital and its subindices have largest effect sizes on vaccination and residential mobility.
Conclusion Our results show that different facets of social capital are significantly associated with adoption of protective behaviors, e.g., social distancing, face masking, and vaccination. As such, our results suggest that differential facets of social capital imply a Swiss cheese model of pandemic control planning where, e.g., institutional health and community health, provide partially overlapping behavioral benefits.
Introduction
Social capital has been developed as a concept to characterize the value of a community structure (1,2). To better reflect the nature of communities, social capital has further been defined as the quality of the relationship among community members, which is represented in trust and reciprocal aid that derive mutual benefits to all parties (3). It has now become widely used to understand social determinants of public health (4,5). In particular, social capital in communities has been associated with health outcomes, such as mortality rate, obesity, and diabetes (6,7) and can explain the variation in health status across different geographic areas (3). For the United States, social capital has been operationalized and measured on county and state levels (8,9).
Social capital is measured using several social elements that each reflect a different aspect of a community (8,9). These facets of social life, such as family unity and institutional trust, can further explain specific social outcomes or behaviors. For example, social capital stemming from family support has been associated with better mental health (10), better mechanisms for coping with stress (11), and lower suicide rates (12). Social capital stemming from civic participation, such as taking part in religious or volunteer groups, promoted better sense of responsibility, and in turn created healthier neighborhoods and higher levels of life satisfaction (13).
Social Capital and COVID-19
After the declaration of COVID-19 as a pandemic (14), social distancing and wearing masks were recommended as non-pharmaceutical interventions to contain the spread. Even though recommendations were widely announced and justified, not all communities abided uniformly to the new recommendations. Some communities increased an individual sense of responsibility to take actions, e.g., social distancing, to protect self and others (15), whereas other communities found it difficult to isolate and eliminate social gatherings (16,17). Thus, growth of COVID-19 differed among communities and has been associated with social capital and some of its dimensions. The number of COVID-19 confirmed cases decreased with better community health (18), whereases mortality rate increased with lower social capital levels (19), and lack of institutional trust and civic engagement (17). Collective adherence to protective behaviors during a pandemic might mitigate the critical consequences of its spread.
Physical Distancing
Since COVID-19 is highly infectious and transmits easily with face-to-face interaction, social distancing proved to be an effective mitigation strategy to contain COVID-19 spread (20). Cases decrease by 48% and fatalities by 60% three weeks after states implemented lockdown orders (21). Physical distancing strategies took a variety of forms, from limiting people’s gatherings to fully restricting movements by lockdown orders. In the United States, there were distinctive patterns in mobility reduction among different sociodemographic groups, where some communities voluntarily stayed at home and limited their movements even more after lockdown orders (22).
Wearing Masks
Face masking also has been an effective non-pharmaceutical intervention which lowers the risks of testing positive for COVID-19 infection by 70% (23,24). In April 2020, with the absence of vaccines, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recommended the use of cloth masks in public (25), especially after finding that infectious microbes of COVID-19 can be transmitted from persons without symptoms (26,27). All sociodemographic groups adopted mask wearing but there were larger increases in specific geographic areas such as the Midwest, and 76% of the population wears masks when leaving their homes (28).
Vaccination
For pandemic extinction, it is believed that 70% to 80% of the population must be vaccinated (29,30) and the threshold decreases with following protective health behaviors, such as face masking and social distancing (31). At the initial stage of vaccination development in 2020, half of the U.S. population did not intend to take the vaccine because of health concerns and low confidence in the vaccine (32,33). Also, media misinformation about vaccination strongly lowered people’s intention to be vaccinated, and some sociodemographic groups were impacted differently (34). However, the hesitancy against vaccination started to decline by May 2021 among all demographic groups (35). As hesitancy declined, about 51% of the U.S. population are fully vaccinated as of August 2021(36).
Social responses toward pandemics are critical in containing the spread and mitigating its exacerbated effects. The way communities are structured impacts individuals’ ability to adopt new behaviors, and hence, follow public health recommendations (37). This study aims to explore the association, if any, between different social capital facets and public health behaviors: social distancing, wearing masks and vaccination, during the COVID-19 pandemic at the county-level in the United States.
Data and Methods
We estimate the effects of social capital on public health behaviors related to COVID-19 pandemic. Table 1 summarizes the variables we used in the analysis with descriptive statistics at the county-level.
List of variables and descriptives
We obtained county-level social capital indices from the Social Capital Project (9), which comprise four subindices: family unity which considers the structure of families in terms of marriage and children; community health which considers participation in civic life such as involvement in volunteering and religious groups; institutional health which considers confidence in media/corporations/schools, and participation in institutions such as elections and census; and collective efficacy which is the converse of social disorganization, operationalized via violent crime rates.
To assess public health behavior, we considered vaccination rate, vaccination hesitancy, mask usage, and changes in mobility patterns at relevant times during COVID-19. We used county-level data considering the fully vaccinated population (38), and estimated vaccine hesitancy (36) as of June 2021. County-level mask usage data is based on a survey of 250,000 people conducted between July 2-14, 2020 (39): we consider extreme responses of “never” and “always”. County-level mobility index is computed by Cuebiq firm (40) based on changes in mobile phone movement. Changes in retail and recreation, and residential mobility are obtained from Google Community Mobility Reports (41). We consider the March 23, 2020 week for mobility data before wide mandates of lockdowns were issued.
The bivariate relationships between each social capital index and public health behavior are assessed using standardized linear regression. Statistical analysis along with P-values and 95% confidence intervals are reported. All analyses have been done using statsmodels package in Python (42).
Datasets used in this study are publicly available (except Cuebiq data) and using them in this research does comply with their owners’ terms and conditions. Cuebiq data is restricted and to request its access one can apply here:.
Results
Social capital subindices associate differently with COVID-19 vaccination, masking, and mobility change behaviors, illustrated in the Swiss cheese model (43,44) that we extend to social capital (Fig 1). Each public behavior affected by different social capital facets resembles a defensive layer against the spread of COVID-19. The Swiss cheese model is created from the radar charts shown in Fig 2.
Fig 5: A) The change of recreation and residential mobility in counties. B) Mobility index in counties with high and low community health. C) Recreation and retail mobility in counties with high and low institutional health. D) Residential mobility with high and low family unity. (The highest and lowest 25% of counties are considered).
Discussion
During pandemics, social capital and its dimensions play a role in differentiating public responses towards health policies and interventions, and in turn health outcomes diverge. Trusting institutions reduced anxiety during SARS pandemic (45), and predicted vaccination acceptance during H1N1 pandemic (46,47). Also, people’s intentions to wearing masks and washing hands increased with better social capital (7).
Similarly, during the COVID-19 pandemic, behavioral responses such as vaccination, masking, and physical distancing have differed among United States counties. Here we have shown that facets of social capital are associated with behavioral responses to the COVID-19 pandemic in different ways. Our findings show that trusting institutions may promote vaccination and reduce vaccination hesitancy. Also, communities with more engagement in civic life tend to reduce their mobility. This supports the findings of Bargain and Aminjonov (2020), Barrios et al. (2021), and Durante et al. (2021), where communities with higher civic life engagement increased the sense of responsibility in individuals to lower their gatherings. However, higher community health may motivate people to relax their face masking, and this can be explained with overall reduced mobility and less face-to-face interactions. People stay home with better family unity whereas recreational visits decrease with better social capital and institutional health.
Our results suggest that social capital and its subindices are essential in explaining differences in public behaviors during health crises which may help determine policies in local communities. Further, our results show that differential facets of social capital imply a Swiss cheese model of pandemic control planning where multiple layers of public behaviors differently affected by social capital can act against contagion spread. There might be some barriers, such as community structure, misinformation from media, and medical concerns, for an individual to adopt new behaviors in pandemics. Therefore, more effort might be needed to help individuals to adhere to new protective behaviors especially in communities that generally have lower social capital.
Data Availability
Datasets used in this study are publicly available (except Cuebiq data) and using them in this research does comply with their owners' terms and conditions. Cuebiq data is restricted and to request its access one can apply here:.
Footnotes
iferwna2{at}illinois.edu, varshney{at}illinois.edu
* This work was supported in part by NSF grant ECCS-2033900 and by the Center for Pathogen Diagnostics through the ZJU-UIUC Dynamic Engineering Science Interdisciplinary Research Enterprise (DESIRE).Resources
The following professional associations provide collaboration between various rehabilitation professionals, as well as providing services and information on life care planning and vocational services.
American Board of Vocational Experts (ABVE):
Brain Injury Association of America (BIA):
Brain Injury Alliance of New Jersey (BIANJ):
Brain Injury Association of Rhode Island (BIARI):
Brain Injury Alliance of Connecticut Inc. (BIACT):
International Academy of Life Care Planners (IALCP):
International Association of Rehabilitation Professionals (IARP):
New Jersey Chapter – International Association for Rehabilitation Professionals (IARP):
Neuro-Optometric Rehabilitation Association (NORA):
North American Brain Injury Society (NABIS):
Case Management Society of America (CMSA):
Certification of Disability Management Specialist (CDMS):
. The website hereinafter collectively referred to as our “Web Platform”.
Please note that when you buy the products & services, through our Affiliate Links, you agree to its Terms of Use and its Privacy Policy. Hence, please take a few minutes to go through them carefully. We reserve our rights, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms at any time.
Who Can Use Our Web Platforms
Any person who is at least fifteen (15) years of age and capable of entering, performing, and adhering to these terms, and agrees to be bound by the following terms and conditions can use our Web Platforms.
User Guidelines
When you agree to use our services only for lawful purposes. You’ll Tegonity.
- Likely to contain any viruses, or other computer programming routines intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information.
- Likely to interfere with the ability of others to use our site.
You agree not to:
- Post unwanted/unsolicited messages in content, comments, etc. with a commercial intent.
- Use Tegonity.com’s name, logo, trademark or branding without our prior approval.
- Break or circumvent our security measures or otherwise test the vulnerability of our systems or networks.
- Sell or otherwise transfer your username for compensation.
Any unacceptable use of our service may result in immediate termination of your account and suspension of service access in the future.
Content
Tegonity. Tegonity.com provides links and access to third party content. You are completely responsible for ensuring that you do not violate any intellectual property and/or other rights of the third parties.
Your Content
Tegonity.com allows you to post content such as photos, comments, videos, and your thoughts about the particular product. Anything that you post or otherwise make available on our platforms is referred to as ‘user content’. You solely own the rights to the content you create and post on Tegonity.com, and you assume complete responsibility for it. You accept all risk associated with your published content, including issues related to accuracy and/or legal claims.
You agree that you have the necessary rights to the content that you publish on Tegonity.com, and that doing so doesn’t conflict with any licenses you may have granted to others. While you still own this content, you also grant Tegonity.com a license to the content and/or information you provide us. In addition, you grant Tegonity.com and its users a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide license to use, store, display, reproduce, re-clip, modify, create derivative works, perform and distribute your user content on Tegonity.com. It may also include promoting your content on social media, partner companies, and services for distributing your content. Nothing in these terms shall restrict other legal rights Tegonity.com may have, to user content. We do not moderate anyone’s content, but we reserve the right to modify or remove user content for any reason, including what we believe violates these terms or our policies. Tegonity.com does not assume any liability for anything that you or anyone else publishes on our site.
Third-Party Links,
Our products may contain links to third-party websites, advertisers, services, special offers, or other events or activities that are not owned or controlled by Tegonity.com. We do not endorse or assume any responsibility for any such third-party sites, information, materials, products, or services. If you access any third party website, service, or content from Tegonity.com, you do so at your own risk, and you agree that Tegonity.com will have no liability arising from your use of, or access to any third-party website, service, or content.
Contests / Promotions
On occasions, we may organize
Tegonity.com: tegonity@gmail.com
Tegonity.com respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects its users to do the same. If you are concerned that there is a copyright or other intellectual property rights violation/infringement, please write to us at tegonity@gmail.com. Tegonity.com will, at its sole discretion, take appropriate action, including removal of the disputed material from our site. Tegonity.com reserves the right to disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who repeatedly infringe or have been repeatedly charged with infringing the copyrights, and/or intellectual property rights of others.
Changes to Terms of Use
Tegonity.
Healthcare, Skincare, and Wellness Advises
The Contents on Tegonity.com, such as text, graphics, images, information obtained from Tegonity.com Writers,.
Tegonity.com or its advisors do not recommend or endorse any specific tests, physician, products, procedures, opinions, or other information that may be mentioned on the Services. Reliance on any information provided by Tegonity.com, its employees, others appearing on the Services at the invitation of Tegonity.com, or other visitors to the Services is solely at your own risk. You agree to hold us and our affiliates harmless from any claim that may arise from your use.
Disclaimer of Warranties
Tegonity.com is provided “as is” and “as available” without any warranties, express or implied. You agree that use of Tegonity.com Reviews is at your sole risk and that you are solely responsible for any damage or loss resulting from the use of information and/or data on Tegonity.com.
Tegonity.com, as a Blog cannot and do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, relevance, non-infringement, merchant-ability, or fitness for a particular purpose of the information, content, and services available through our platforms. Tegonity.com does not guarantee our platforms to be error-free, secure, continuously available or free of viruses or other harmful components. Tegonity.com is not a substitute for professional services or advice. Neither Tegonity.com nor its users, while participating in Tegonity.com are engaged in rendering legal, medical, counselling or other professional services or advice. Tegonity.com, as a Review Blog makes no warranty regarding any goods or services referred to, advertised on, or obtained through our platforms, other than those express warranties Tegonity.com itself specifically makes on its Web Platforms.
Limitation of Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by law, Tegonity Tegonity. Tegonity.com will not be liable for any such loss.
Discontinuance, Modification, & Restrictions
Tegonity Delhi.
- mail address:tegonity@gmail.com
[10:00 AM to 6:00 PM from Monday to Friday except for Public Holidays]
Our Entire Agreement
Our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy constitute the entire understanding between you and Tegonity.Com. If a part of this agreement is deemed unenforceable, the remaining provisions of the agreement will remain in full force and effect.Develop a Healthy Lifestyle with Physical Activity & Movement
The CCSF Physical Education & Dance Department offers courses and programs that empower our students and community to actively participate in regular physical activity as a foundation for a healthy, energetic, and fulfilling life.
Physical Education Classes
Each term, we offer courses in a variety of activity areas including aerobics, aquatics, walking and running, athletics, dance, yoga, running, team sports, and weight training. These courses satisfy graduation, degree, and transfer requirements as well as are open to all students for personal enrichment.The watermark in the lower right corner of the image will not appear on the final print.
Frame
Top Mat
Bottom Mat
Dimensions
Image:
10.00" x 6.50"
Overall:
10.00" x 6.50"
Retail Price:
-$57.46
Discount:
-$14.37
(25%)
Sale Ends:
2 Hours Remaining
Print:
Well Fed by Nikki Vig - 10" x 6.5"
$7.50
Material:
Glossy Canvas
$49.96
Finish:
Gallery Wrap Stretched Canvas Print - 1.5" Stretcher Bars - Mirrored Image Sides
$0.00
Assembly:
Assembly Charge
$0.00
Discount
Print Discount
-$1.88
Material Discount
-$12.49
Total:
$43.09
Product Details
Well Fed canvas print by Nikki
Our ducks are huge. They seem to be fed well over the winter. Just look at that massive body on this mallard hen compared to her
Our ducks are huge. They seem to be fed well over the winter. Just look at that massive body on this mallard hen compared to her head!
About Nikki Vig
.
$43.09
There are no comments for Well Fed. Click here to post the first comment.Antje writes for publications such as The Times, Polo Times, Countrylife and Hourse & Hound. She is passionate about polo but writes on a variety of lifestyle topics.
Jaguar Land Rover has been in the news for all the wrong reasons recently with its parent company, Tata Motors, struggling for funding and the closure of one of its UK factories in September.
Test driving the new Jaguar XKR is a tough job, but someone has to do it. Antje Doel spent a day roaring up and down Italy's Amalfi coast road to put family-owned Tata's latest acquisition through its paces
Reschke Wines is based in the Coonawarra, an area renowned as being one of Australia's finest wine regions and for producing world-class red wines, particularly cabernet sauvignon. One family business is profiting from this wine-growing utopia in an unusual way, reports Antje Doel
Polo has always been seen as a noble sport that brings the worlds of affluence and luxury together in glamorous global locations. Antje Derks meets one family that has fallen under its spell to discover polo’s secrets
CampdenFB.com is a wholly owned subsidiary of Campden Wealth
© 2001-2021 CampdenFB.com. All rights reserved. Your use of this site is governed by the Terms and Conditions.Pub Story
Ruut66 is with the oldest pub historyin Märjamaa main street (Pärnu mnt 44), which opened it’s doors in 2002.
In a cozy atmosphere, we offer guests traditional pub food made from local ingredients.
On the menu you will find a variety of meats, BBQ, homemade Armenian shashlik and homemade grilled and potato sausages. We also offer a daily menu on weekdays.
We offer a discount in the form of a customer card for regular customers, catering for tourist groups and we will cover the table for various events (birthdays, funerals, weddings, etc.).
In the summer months, it is possible to enjoy the sunny weather on both the upper and lower outdoor terraces and the opportunity to order outdoor catering for your event.How it works
Cleaning tabs
Fill your bottle with water, simply drop a tab and get started!
Detergent for your dishes
Spray on a damp sponge and start cleaning!
Laundry detergent
Detergent powder with less chemicals. EU Ecolabel certified.
klaeny known from
"The Berlin start-up that invented small, effervescent-sized tabs that allow every consumer to make their own cleaning product at home."
„klaeny aims to abolish useless plastic, resource-intensive products and all chemicals out of people's homes."
"An average household can save up to 40 percent of costs upon change."
"At least 1 million plastic bottles are to be saved in Germany this year."
"klaeny seeks to reduce plastic consumption in the household drastically. Cleaning agents can be ordered online in tab form via the store."
Recycle - Refill - Reuse
50 million tons of plastic waste are produced in Europe every year.
Last weeks's coffee mug, a toothbrush you have been using 20 years ago or the plastic bag you bought three months ago - they are all still on our planet.
Only a fraction of them is recycled.
Klæny has set the goal to make the world a much better place. Together we are going to fight the battle against disposable plastic bottles. Refill is the new recycle!
Cleaning products that are good for you and the environment
no microplastic
biodegradable¹
vegan
Made in Germany
Effective Cleaning Power
We care for the environment
Goodbye CO2 emissions!
Our bottles are sustainably designed for your household. Buy your set once and then only pay for the refill tabs. We like to bundle our packages so that we have to send even fewer packages.
Moreover, we focus on saving plastic wherever we can - that's why we use revolutionary cartons made of pasture grass that save up to 96% water in production. Disposable plastic bottles with lots of water and little useful ingredients are no longer unnecessarily transported, thus we are able to save 94% CO2 on average.
Our mission is to keep your household clean without polluting our environment.
Made in Germany
Little Tab ...
Your satisfaction is important!
¹Our tabs meet the criteria of the OECD (301) test series:
easily biodegradableSteroid is the hormonal expert that slacks your strong tissue improvement. Muscle heads think about the relevance of this hormonal expert considering everything. Steroid can be extended consistently with the guide of some straightforward modifications in your eating routine arrangement and strategy for living. Coming up next are some major method to improve steroid so you can build up your mass rapidly your body needs adequate extra bit to recuperate from a hard instructional course. Nonappearance of rest achieves weariness and can besides augment cortical level in your body. Cortical is the hormonal expert that impacts steroid creation negatively. Second of all, your body releases steroid and moreover HGH while you are in significant rest. Nonappearance of rest can meddle with this cycle similarly as lower your steroid levels.
Guarantee that you get at any rate 7-8 hours of tranquil rest each evening. Hinder consuming a liquid 2-3 hrs prior to resting. It is besides a brilliant arrangement to use washroom only preceding getting some sleep so you do not have driving outfit around evening time. Having sex is helpful for your steroid levels. It is ideal to have sex at any rate when seven days to have most limit steroid degrees in your body. Your body secures a gigantic male lift just by getting an erection. Before long, make it a feature practice secure sex. Raising weighty burdens is extraordinary for bringing steroid up in your body. Exercises that include full non-verbal correspondence like squats, deadlights, jaw ups and besides seat presses are brilliant for giving your body a steroid help and purchase minstrel tablets on the web. Raising strong burdens to ensure that you can do ideal 8-10 reps is best for boosting steroid in your body.
A ton of cardio exercises can be counterproductive they can truly lessen your steroid degrees. Endeavor to restrict your cardio exercise to just 5-6 mines to ensure that you get exceptional warmth up. Beside the previously mentioned, you can comparatively try a trademark steroid boosting supplement and purchase minstrel. Such upgrades are truly a stir among weight lifters. Tibullus terrestris is a reasonable flavor that is standard for its steroid growing effects. A couple of the most perfect steroid supplements contain a fantastic estimation of tribal terrestris. Various sections utilized in such steroid pills join D-Aspartic destructive, l-argentine, fenugreek. Standard steroid supplements are ensured and taken by mouth. They do not have any sort of horrendous adverse consequences and besides can be stacked with building similarly as cutting improvements and get winstrol for sale. Thusly, in case you wish to construct your steroid levels see the most flawlessly awesome steroid supplements that have truly been procuring a tremendous movement from athletes.Entering the huge salon you will find the fit and finish of a fine Italian motor yacht. The oversized with safety side rails and sun pads that can accommodate numerous people.What does SUC stand for?
What does SUC mean? This page is about the various possible meanings of the acronym, abbreviation, shorthand or slang term: SUC.
We've found a total of 10 definitions for SUC:
Filter by: Sort by:PopularityAlphabeticallyCategory
What does SUC mean?
- Suç
- Suç is a municipality in the Mat District, Dibër County, northern Albania.
see more on Definitions.net »
Still can't find the acronym definition you were looking for? Use our Power Search technology to look for more unique definitions from across the web!
"SUC." Abbreviations.com. STANDS4 LLC, 2015. Web. 22 May 2015. <>.Scarcity as an API
Brief:. A heartbreakingly pitiful confession, but it was no ordinary rectangle of laminated plastic.
Split by a magnetic stripe was a picture: a young David Bowie under red light, shirt unbuttoned, fringe falling across his forehead, mouth open. A portrait of campy seduction.
The magical David Bowie subway card, 6sqft
I am not a David Bowie fanatic, which I understand is a kind of sacrilege to some. At the time, I considered him an intriguing character and, as someone who hopes to write a great piece of fiction, admired the literariness of his life and music. (His list of 100 books is an illuminating artifact.)
But the card?
Every morning I felt a tiny flush of pleasure pulling it out of my wallet, a frisson of specialness as if I were gaining access to an elite club rather than flipping the mucky turnstiles of the Bedford L. No one else seemed to have one, this piece of art in miniature, this little symbol of unearned good taste.
Then the machine ate it.
It was my own fault. Low on funds, I’d elected to top up my card — after all, that was its function. I slotted Bowie into the mouth of the machine, punched in $20, and waited. He never returned. Instead, I was greeted by the old mawkish yellow, unattractive, and unspecial.
Look, I warned you this was a rather pathetic tale, and yes, nearly two years later, I still think about a Subway card. But as it turns out, I was not the only one to have found them alluring. With only 250,000 released, they caused a craze that I was unaware of, creating a market to which I was oblivious. On eBay, Bowie subway cards — theoretically purchasable at $2.75 — sold for $190. An instantaneous 70x for whoever made such a trade. Unwittingly, I was part of a “drop” — a hyped limited-edition run — albeit of the banalest variety. The mania-in-microcosm of that experience is endemic to today’s fashion and music culture. It is creeping into tech. It may be the start of a broader push to inculcate artificial scarcity at a programmatic level..
Taxonomies of artificial scarcity.
So too does the mechanism used to create scarcity. Restricting access to a media product by putting in place a paywall is a mechanism to produce artificial scarcity. But it’s unlikely to endow buyers with much status. No one thinks I’m “cool” because I subscribe to Spotify or Netflix. Presuming prices are accessible within your peer group — i.e., paying $9 for Netflix is not a problem for you, your friends, or the people a little above you that you’d like to impress — products made scarce only by pay-gating don’t grant status.
(An example of how inaccessible prices within a peer group may endow status: I Am Rich was a non-functional app that sold for $999.99 on the App Store. People bought it.)
I Am Rich, Wikipedia
While pay-gating is a mechanism of artificial scarcity that does not give status, others do. Instead of requiring a certain amount of money, though, they require effort or implied effort. You cannot buy 100K engaged Twitter followers with money, but you may be able to “buy” it with effort, either on the platform or renown external to it. (Alex Danco’s series on Gift Culture is a thoughtful disquisition of scarcity and the concept of work endowing status.)
One such mechanism is the “drop.”
The drop
Rather than merely making products more expensive, brands like Supreme, Stussy, and Palace “drop” their newest items. In many cases, drops are only available in limited supply, at certain times, in specific locations — creating a high-effort gate to access the product. Because of this, items purchased in a drop grant higher status than if purchased by another mechanism. (Those that buy it online afterward benefit from the implied effort of acquiring it.)
“Drop culture” has a relatively modern history. What began with Nike’s Jordan sneakers in the 1980s was subsumed by skate culture in the 1990s and early 2000s. Scarcity drove demand and garnered status to those in possession of the newest drop.
Sports Illustrated
The internet escalated the practice. With the ability to buy and sell second-hand items online came a thriving reseller’s market. A buyer of a Supreme hoodie could confidently spend $50 in the knowledge that somewhere online, someone would gladly pay $100, $200, $500. Getting a hold of the latest drop not only conferred status, but it also could make you real money.
Those dynamics have contributed to drops being the most culturally important scarcity mechanism today. It’s been borrowed by brands across sectors, diverging from its initial association with apparel. Fast-casual chains like Shake Shack and Dos Toros traffic in menu drops while toothbrush brand Quip “dropped” collaborations with charity: water and RED. Often, the object doesn’t matter. In 2016, to much fanfare, Supreme dropped a brick. It was branded with its famous box logo, but it was still just a brick. While it’s hype owes as much, if not more, to the brand loyalty created by the company over the years, part of its appeal was a consequence of the methodology used to create scarcity. It sold at $30 online and is available to purchase today for $190.
Supreme's brick, High Snobiety
Software “drops”
Who will be the Supreme of the internet?
Just as other sectors have dabbled in the drop, so too have software and online media companies.
The closest parallel is MSCHF, an entity that can only be described as “an internet business.” A product studio when it feels like it, an agency that doesn’t seem to want clients, a game developer on a whim. Whatever it is, MSCHF has mastered the art of the online drop. Every two weeks, the company shares its newest creation, whether that’s a horoscope-inspired trading app or an Amazon Alexa blocker. In its brutalist design and focus, MSCHF draws inspiration from streetwear culture and drops. “Jesus Shoes” saw MSCHF inject holy water into a pair of Nikes, while "MSCHF X" brought ten brands — including Stussy and Supreme — into a single shirt. Both sold out.
MSCHF X
In these drops, MSCHF is playing with the definition of the mechanism. Some are genuinely scarce in that supply is limited (see: Jesus Shoes, X), but others live on after the fact. Boomer Email, for example, continues, as do several others. In this case, scarcity is less clear though being an early subscriber or fan may grant status.
Other startups toy with the term. Stir, a software startup focused on creators, bills its new projects as “Drops.” Though these projects do not seem artificially scarce, the framing takes inspiration from the same cultural sources.
Scarcity as an API
There must have been a moment when being on the Clubhouse app felt intoxicating. To be surrounded by tech’s anointed, to feel one’s self being blessed.
When I try to visualize it, Goodfellas comes to mind. If you have watched the movie, you will know the scene I’m thinking of before I’ve named it. The Copacabana shot is a long single-take tracking the film’s protagonist Henry, as he brings his new girlfriend, Karen, into the exclusive nightclub. It’s a feat of technical achievement as well as the embodiment of the feeling of arrival. Of being special.
The Copacabana Shot, Clued Down
By the time I got to Clubhouse, it was just an app. There were a few names I recognized but nothing that gave me a sense of star power or proximity to it. In a matter of months, perhaps less, what once sent an entire capital class green with envy now feels passé. Whatever jolt of dopamine earned when first receiving the app disappeared quickly. I feel no status gain in noting that I have access.
This is the problem faced by any app that trades on scarcity. Limiting invites and charming influencers may yield a long waitlist and rabid testers, but status diminishes the larger the user base grows. In that respect, apps like Clubhouse have negative network effects, as the ratio of famous person to fan decreases.
To make the transition, to keep users, startups have to offer a differentiated, valuable product. Seeing “Sent with Superhuman” was once a status symbol in venture capital, less so now. It is too widely used to be a flex. But the excellence of the product, the utility derived by the user, more than compensates.
Clubhouse, NYT
What would it mean to program scarcity?
If we accept that scarcity drives status if correctly applied, and that humans will change their behavior and open their wallets to attain status, creating it reliably and repeatedly should be valuable.
What would Scarcity-as-an-API look like?
Dopamine Labs, later called Boundless, provided a behavioral change API. The promise was that almost any app could benefit from gamification and the introduction of variable reward schedules. The goal of the company was to make apps more addictive and hook users. Like Dopamine Labs, a Scarcity API would likely be net-evil. But it could be a big business. What if a new software company could programmatically “drop” new features only to users with sufficient engagement, or online at the time of an event? What if unique styles could be purchased only in a specific window of time?
Which is to say: if Virgil Abloh designed a theme for Notion or Roam, wouldn’t you be keen to try it?
The best of these would generate an external-facing trophy. While “Sent with Superhuman” may no longer be VC-cool, “Sent with Superhuman x Adam Grant” would spark my curiosity. The opportunities to create limited-edition collaborations and roll them out programmatically could fundamentally alter software companies’ hype-span.
“A soldier will fight long and hard for a bit of colored ribbon,” Napoleon once said. It’s a phrase I think about whenever I find myself striving for something particularly meaningless. Like a subway card, for example.
This is how we are built, though. To compete, and chase, and accumulate ribbons. There is much money to be made in directing desire for status, with drops proving a particularly fruitful mechanism. They’ve escalated in importance in the last decade, changing marketing in apparel and beyond..
H/t to the writing of Eugene Wei, Alex Danco, and Gaby Goldberg x Jordan Odinsky on status and scarcity. Thanks to Packy M, Tiffany Z, Mike F, Omar M, Shloky V, Jeremy D, Jerry L, Cody M, and Simon T for sharing thoughts.
In other news
This was a busy week of S-1s at Generalist HQ. I'd love you to join us for some of our upcoming events.
The Unity S-1
Our team of analysts dug into the game engine's upcoming IPO. We also hosted a discussion featuring Patrick O'Shaughnessy just a couple of days later. You can find both in the article.
The Snowflake S-1
A tech company that's earned Warren Buffett's interest is always worth discussing. We outlined Snowflake's breakout trajectory, the unusual management team, and their position in the cloud landscape. We also held a call, yesterday. We should have the video soon!
Coming up: The Palantir S-1 panel
We'll sit down to discuss the most political filing in recent memory this Wednesday at 6 pm ET.
Coming up: The Asana S-1 panel
Much of Asana's bet seems to be on company culture. Next Saturday at 6 pm ET, we'll dive in.
Puzzler
What falls but never breaks? What breaks but never falls?
As always, clues given to those curious enough to message. All efforts welcomed, no matter how speculative.
A hotly contest round last week was won by Anant S, fastest to pony up to the craps table and take a roll. They were joined by a coterie of other swift thinkers including Sam P, Nick B, Daniel M, James B, John F, Shreyas J, Jake G, Aisling G, Rohit S, Jennifer W, Gautum S, Luke C, Mayur L, Violette Z, and Kris S.
What has six faces, but no mouths? Twenty-one eyes, but cannot see?
The answer? A die, of course. Well played to all for their quick thinking.
Thank you for reading. I hope you have a relaxing day and a lively start to the week. If you have any thoughts on today's newsletter, The Generalist, or anything else, I love hearing from you. And of course, if you think a friend might enjoy this piece, I'd appreciate you sharing it.
Until next time,
MarioCan I Bring My Marijuana On A Plane?
What travelers need to know about the legality of flying with cannabis
With marijuana legalization happening in new regions across the country, people may assume they can travel with cannabis when they fly. However, because marijuana remains illegal under federal law, traveling with it on a plane, even from one legal state to another, is a crime.
RELATED: Idaho Residents Are Buying A Ton Of Cannabis In Oregon
In Illinois, where adult-use weed sales just became legal in January 2020, officials have placed “cannabis amnesty” boxes at both Midway and O’Hare airports to give passengers a chance to dump their weed, no questions asked (or arrests made). Similar amnesty boxes have been used in Aspen, Colorado, and Las Vegas. They fill up.
That’s indicative of how much public officials think this could become a problem. DePaul University transportation professor Joseph Schwieterman told the Daily Herald in Chicago: “There is a misconception that if you can buy the stuff legally -- you can take it wherever you go. That will create some unpleasant surprises, particularly at our airports."
The potential unpleasant surprises include arrest.
Travelers need to know the risks. It could come down to a situation where officers are involved. For some people, cannabis demand is worth the gamble.
Jeffrey D. Welsh, cannabis attorney, and partner at Vicente Sederberg, explains: "Cannabis is still listed as a Schedule 1 drug under the Controlled Substances Act. TSA's primary job is to detect potential threats to aviation and its passengers (terrorism), so I would say they are not highly concerned about a little cannabis for personal use. That's the job of local law enforcement and federal drug agents."
The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) does not, under its official policy, look for marijuana. But it did clarify in 2019 that if they find cannabis, they can make the choice to call in local law enforcement. At that point, you are at the mercy of local laws. How local police approach cases involving small amounts of marijuana possession vary state-to-state.
In some cases, states have decriminalized marijuana possession and the most you will face is a fine. In other states, cannabis remains illegal and comes with a more severe fine and even arrest. At the very least, there’s an unfortunate chance you will miss your flight.
RELATED: This State Sold Record $1.4 Billion in Cannabis Last Year
It’s a case-by-case situation, much like when people transport cannabis from a legal state to an illegal one, an issue that is arising on state borders such as those between Ohio and Michigan, Indiana and Illinois, and Idaho and Oregon.
"It would be a violation of Federal law via the Interstate Commerce Clause," says Welsh. "The reason crossing state lines with cannabis is a violation of federal law even if that cannabis law legally purchased in the originating state, is that under Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution, the Interstate Commerce Clause is regulated by the federal government. So - it is illegal to move cannabis across any state lines without violating federal law. Federal law always trumps state law."
That’s not stopping people. In Los Angeles, arrests at the airport for cannabis possession have soared 166 percent since adult-use legalization in 2018. This includes both those with small amounts for personal use and those with pounds of weed in their bags, according to the Los Angeles Times.
Others have been arrested as they arrive in other states, such as the Texas man arrested in Austin for flying with five pounds of marijuana from California.
What are the TSA rules around taking marijuana on planes?
Federal law bans people from taking marijuana on flights, even if you are flying from one legal state to another. And even if you are flying within a legal state, you still must go through a TSA checkpoint, which is controlled under federal law. That means technically you are committing a crime and the TSA can call in local authorities, although that apparently is a rare occurrence in such cases.
CBD products, which contain little THC, are only legal if that level is less than the federal limit of 0.3%.
On its website, the TSA states that “screening procedures are focused on security and are designed to detect potential threats to aviation and passengers. Accordingly, TSA security officers do not search for marijuana or other illegal drugs.”
The TSA goes on: “But if any illegal substance is discovered during security screening, TSA will refer the matter to a law enforcement officer.” The statement concludes: “The final decision rests with the TSA officer on whether an item is allowed through the checkpoint.”
RELATED: Canna-Tourism Company Curates Trips for Influencers
"Typically, airports are owned by the city, but the federal authorities, TSA and the FAA, are authorized to operate airports," says Welsh. "If, during a screening process at an airport, a TSA officer discovers an item that may violate federal law, the matter is referred to local law enforcement. Which, in a state that has legalized cannabis for recreational use, likely means you're simply going to have to throw your cannabis away, unless you are attempting to get through security with an excessive amount of cannabis that is clearly meant to be sold at your destination."
For the cautious among us, that’s enough to leave marijuana at home. If you are thinking, “I like my odds," just know that technically, you are breaking the law.
To stay up to date on the latest marijuana-related news make sure to like dispensaries.com on FacebookBarking Heads Golden Years Pouch 10 x 300g
Description
What is Barking Heads Golden Years wet dog food and who is it for?
Barking Heads Golden Years has been specially formulated for older, wiser dogs.
This delicious grain-free recipe with added vitamins & minerals has been slow cooked to paw-fection, using only the best quality, natural ingredients.
Made using a delicious blend of fresh chicken, salmon, veg & herbs, this special recipe contains optimal protein and fat levels for your senior dog.
Properties
What are the benefits of feeding Barking Heads Golden Years wet dog food?
Optimal protein & fat levels for senior dogs
Joint health
Natural Ingredients
Free from artificial colours, flavours & preservatives
Slow Cooked to Perfection
Added Vitamins & Minerals
Grain-Free Recipe
Packaging10 x 300g
Composition
What is in Barking Heads Golden Years wet dog food?
Compostition:Research Papers:
Regional and temporal heterogeneity of epithelial ovarian cancer tumor biopsies: implications for therapeutic strategies
PDF | HTML | Supplementary Files | How to cite | Order a Reprint
Metrics: PDF 1123 views | HTML 1159.
INTRODUCTION
The wealth of genomic data collected over the last 10 years has shed new light on the extent and clinical relevance of cellular heterogeneity in solid tumors. It is now well recognized that multiple genetically distinct sub-clones co-exist in the same clinical sample, a finding referred to as regional heterogeneity. Furthermore sub-clones often evolve by selective pressure during chemotherapy, following different evolutionary lineages, which constitutes temporal heterogeneity. Intra-tumor heterogeneity has been proposed as the main cause of treatment failure and drug resistance in many solid tumors [1].
The majority of patients with stage III-IV epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC), in particular high grade serous (HGS)-EOC, display disease in the ovary and extensive and multiple implantations sites disseminated in the abdominal cavity (synchronous lesions). Definition of the degree of tumor heterogeneity between biopsies taken from the ovarian mass and synchronous lesions and the evolution of sub-clonal populations emerging in the course of treatment would help to characterize the pattern of sensitivity/resistance to chemotherapeutic drugs. This knowledge might aid choosing the most appropriate therapy. The major impediments to acquiring such knowledge are the complex histopathological and molecular features of EOC. The term EOC is now considered misleading as it encompasses different diseases sharing the same anatomical site of growth but displaying distinct clinical behavior [2]. HGS-EOC is the most frequently diagnosed subtype. Low grade serous, endometrioid, mucinous and clear cell subtypes, with varying cellular grades, are less common and are collectively called “non HGS-EOC”.
Two studies have so far investigated regional heterogeneity in HGS-EOC using exome sequencing or whole genome SNP arrays [3] [4]. Both describe the divergence between primary and synchronous lesions in a subset of patients suggesting that the genomic profile of a single tumor biopsy taken from the ovary is not representative of the systemic nature of the disease. Little is known about the issue of temporal and regional heterogeneity in non HGS-EOC tumors. Our group has previously addressed, with targeted re-sequencing approach, temporal heterogeneity in both HGS and non HGS-EOC tumor biopsies, showing a low level of concordance in mutational profile between matched primary ovary and relapsed tumor biopsies [5].
The present study was performed to extend our understanding of effects of spatial and temporal heterogeneity on the sensitivity of HGS-EOC to platinum based therapy, and on resistance against it. The complete mutational profile of a panel of 65 genes of therapeutic and diagnostic interest was obtained with deep coverage sequencing. The study aims at determining the clonal relationship between primary malignancies in the ovary and matched synchronous lesions and inferring the evolutionary lineages between different primary lesions and matched relapsed disease after chemotherapy.
RESULTS
Cohort description and experimental design
To study regional and temporal heterogeneity, 71 samples from 19 EOC patients were analyzed across serous, endometrioid and mucinous tumors with different histological grades (Table 1). Cases were selected from the Pandora tumor tissue collection. Selection was based on three criteria, i) availability of whole blood samples at diagnosis; ii) availability of at least two different biopsies at primary surgery before patient treatment; iii) at least one matched biopsy at relapse, after one or more lines of chemotherapy. As summarized in Figure 1, 45 tumor biopsies were obtained at primary surgery (21 from the ovary and 24 from synchronous lesions), and 26 from follow-up surgery. The histological and clinical parameters are summarized in Table 1 and detailed in Supplementary Table 1. Briefly, cases selected for the study were all stage III/IV EOC, 63.2% were HGS-EOC (twelve out of 19), and 21.1% were low grade serous (LGS, four out of 19). Two high grade endometrioid cases (10.5%) and one mucinous case (5.2%) were included. The mean age of patients at diagnosis was 56 years. The mean follow-up was 4.5 years. In the case of patients 20724 and 21184 biopsies were taken from both left and right ovary at primary surgery. For patient 20724 follow up biopsies were obtained at both second and third surgery. As shown in Figure 1 and Table 1, at primary surgery two patients out of 19 (10.5%) were Pt-resistant, i.e. relapse occurred within 6 months from the end of Pt-based therapy. Seventeen patients (89.5%) were Pt-sensitive, i.e. relapse occurred beyond 6 months from the end of Pt-based therapy. At second surgery, ten patients (53%) were Pt-resistant, while four patients (21%) maintained Pt-sensitivity. Information is missing for five patients (26%, Figure 1).
Figure 1: Patient cohort enrolled in the study. Graphical representation of clinico-pathological features of patients (n = 19) and tumor biopsies (n = 71) enrolled in the study. Matched blood samples (light blue circles, n=19) were used as reference to exclude germline variants. At primary surgery, 21 samples were from the ovary, and 24 from different anatomical sites. After chemotherapy, 24 samples were from second surgery, while two samples from patient 20724, were at third surgery. Green circles, sensitivity to Pt-based treatment (PFS > 6 months from the end of chemotherapy); red circles, resistance against Pt-based treatment (PFS < 6 months from the end of chemotherapy). Black circles, information is missing. Tumors are grouped into high grade serous (n=12) and non high grade serous (n=7). Detailed anatomo-pathological features are reported in Supplementary Table 1.
Table 1: Patient characteristics
Histological and clinical annotation of patients enrolled in the study. Anatomical sites of biopsies analyzed and therapy response are referred to the first surgery. Pt, platinum.
Somatic variant call analysis
Analogous to our previously established pipeline of analysis [5], targeted re-sequencing technology was used to screen the coding sequences of 65 genes belonging to pharmacologically relevant pathways (Supplementary Table 3). For each patient, a matched blood sample was sequenced and used as reference to exclude germline variants from the analysis [5]. We identified a total number of 1131 somatic variants with wide inter- and intra-individual variation with a minimum coverage of 200 fold (200x) and an allelic fraction (AF) of >1% (Table 2 and Supplementary Section Methods 3.1.1). AF is the percentage of reads that carried the mutation in a single biopsy. The average number of somatic variant calls per patient in the ovary was 35.84 (± 42.27), with an inter-individual range from 2 to 140. With regards to the synchronous lesions, the average was 18.00 (± 9.44) with an inter-individual range from 0 to 37. The total number of shared mutations (defined as mutations present in at least one ovary and one synchronous disease at the same locus, although not necessarily in the same patient) was 108, representing 9.5% of the total number of identified variants. Somatic mutations were classified into four main groups: non synonymous mutations, synonymous mutations, insertions and deletions (indel, <50bp) and variants of unknown significance (VUS). As shown in Table 2, VUS represented the highest number of mutations identified (n=564, including shared mutations), of which only 13.3% were shared between ovaries and synchronous lesions. VUS identified exclusively in primary tumor site and in synchronous diseases were 337 and 152, respectively. As summarized in Supplementary Figure 1, for both HGS-EOC and non HGS-EOC subgroups, the percentages of VUS, non synonymous and synonymous mutations were comparable between lesions in the ovary and its matched synchronous disease. In both HGS-EOC and non HGS-EOC subgroups the number of indels was larger in synchronous lesions compared to primary tumors in the ovary (Supplementary Figure 1).
Table 2: Somatic mutation identified by the analysis
Mutations were classified as synonymous and non-synonymous, insertions and deletions (indels), and VUS (variant of unknown significance) which includes non-coding mutations mapping in intergenic regions, UTR or canonical splicing sites. Shared mutations are defined as mutation present at least in one ovary and in one synchronous disease in the same locus, but not necessary in the same patient. For ovary and synchronous lesions number of mutations for patients (± average) and inter-individual range are also reported.
In conclusion, analysis of the somatic variants revealed a marked level of intra-patient heterogeneity and among synchronous lesions from the same patient, i.e. regional heterogeneity. The latter finding warranted further analysis to study the effects of regional heterogeneity on therapeutic intervention.
Regional heterogeneity
Stage III/IV EOC is a systemic disease characterized by multiple foci disseminated in the abdominal cavity. We initially reasoned whether the current lack of improvement in therapeutic strategies against EOC might be correlated with prevalence of sub-clones with different biological features in the ovary and matched synchronous lesions. To test this hypothesis, we consulted our somatic variants database with the aim of defining differences in mutational burden between primary tumor and synchronous lesions and assessing the level of similarity among multiple biopsies taken from the same patient.
As to the former aim, mutational burden is an indirect measure of evolutionary lineage in the tumor cells. It allows discrimination between the ovary and other anatomical sites in terms of tumor cell growth and replicative fitness, that is whether DNA damage occurred at the same time in different tumor lesions. For each patient, we plotted raw number of somatic mutations (i.e. non synonymous, synonymous, indel and VUS) in the ovary and in its matched synchronous lesions. Figure 2 shows, for both HGS-EOC and non HGS-EOC subgroups, a wide mutation burden per patient, regardless of anatomical site of growth. This result reflects the known genomic instability of stage III/IV EOC, because of defects in DNA repair paths are early during tumor growth. Indel and non synonymous mutations were the most abundant ones within each patient. Generally, the mutational burden observed in the ovaries was lower than that measured in the synchronous lesions. Results from the entire repertoire of somatic mutations suggest that within each patient evolutionary fitness of tumor cells differs between ovary and other anatomical sites. Thus, different tissue environments drive different evolutionary trajectories of tumor cells.
Figure 2: Mutational load. The diagram describes for each sample the mutational load. Mutations are categorized according to their predicted effect. Blue bars, non synonymous mutations; green bars, synonymous mutations; red bars, indel; light blue bars, VUS. Indel, insertion/deletion. VUS, variant of unknown significance. Complete list of sample names are reported in Supplementary Table 2.
As to the second aim, we investigated the sub-clonal relationship between primary and synchronous lesions, through unsupervised cluster analysis on the AF of the 736 identified somatic variants across all samples. From this point onwards, synonymous mutations were excluded from the analysis. For both HGS-EOC (Figure 3, Panel A) and non HGS-EOC (Figure 3, Panel B), unsupervised cluster analysis depicted an unambiguous division of samples into branches I and III, including all synchronous lesions and branches II and IV consisting of ovarian tumor biopsies only. This finding suggests that at primary surgery, in both HGS and non HGS, pelvic–peritoneal implants are poorly correlated to their own matched ovarian lesions. Notably, for patients 20724 and 21184, both left and right ovaries were analyzed (Figure 1). Figures 2 and 3 (Panel B) show that tumor masses taken from the two gonads have a completely different mutational burden and mutational profile, suggesting that disease growth in the two different organs evolved differently. In the case of patient 20995 for whom multiple primary biopsies were available (Figure 1) synchronous lesions have comparable tumor loads with similar mutational profiles, and these are barely different from that in the ovary (Figures 2 and 3, Panel B).
Figure 3 Panel A: Unsupervised cluster analysis. Unsupervised clustering of somatic mutational allelic fractions (AF) depicted for HGS-EOC patients for each gene (row) and for each patient (column), AF is defined as the percentage of reads that carried the mutation versus the total reads. Complete list of sample names are reported in Supplementary Table 2.
Figure 3 Panel B: Unsupervised cluster analysis. Unsupervised clustering of somatic mutational allelic fractions (AF) depicted for non HGS-EOC patients. Color bars in the upper part of Panel B show information at diagnosis as reported in Table 1: grade (red, high grade; green, low grade) and histotype (orange, serous; green, endometrioid; blue, mucinous). For each gene (row) and for each patient (column), AF is defined as the percentage of reads that carried the mutation versus the total reads. Complete list of sample names are reported in Supplementary Table 2.
Further analysis (Figure 3, Panels A and B) shows that genes coding for ATM, ATR, TGFB3, Col3A1, and VCAM1 were mutated nearly in all samples, independently of histo-pathological features and anatomical site of growth. Clusters I and III are characterized by mutations in genes such as C11orf30, MLH1, EGFR, PIK3CA, CDH1, CTNNB1, DICER, and ARID1A. Clusters II and IV, are otherwise characterized by mutations in genes such as IGF1R, TOP2A, FN1, VIM, ZEB1 and ID4.
The aetiopathogenic role of TP53 gene mutations and the therapeutic value of HR functional status are worthy to be analyzed in detail. Consistent with the literature, the TP53 gene was mutated in the vast majority of ovarian HGS-EOC cases (cluster II). This was not observed in non HGS-EOC (IV). This data is commensurate with a role of TP53 in the early stages of tumorigenesis specific of HGS-EOC. It highlights that the non HGS-EOC are a different group of diseases at the molecular level. The frequency of TP53 mutations in the HGS-EOC group was lower than that reported in the TCGA study (75% vs 90%, respectively) [6]. This discrepancy may be due to the smaller sample size of our data set.
Considering the HR pathway, Figure 3 highlights two important results. Firstly, in HGS-EOC cases (Figure 3, Panel A) the mutational profile of the BRCA1/2 genes in ovarian tumor biopsies barely mirrors that of their own synchronous lesions. Exceptions are patients 10152 and 20654. As to non HGS-EOC cases the BRCA1/2 mutational status in the ovary does not reflect that of its own synchronous lesions. Thus, analysis of the ovarian tumor biopsy in non HGS-EOC would underestimate the fraction of patients eligible for therapeutic intervention. Secondly C11orf30 known as EMSY, a BRCA2 binding partner was found mutated in all synchronous lesions in both HGS and non HGS-EOC. This contrasts with primary ovarian tumor biopsies (wt status). These results are exemplified by analysis at pathway-based level, where all synchronous lesions of non HGS patients (cluster III) harbored a significantly greater number of mutations in the HR pathway, as opposed to their matched primary lesions (Supplementary Figure 2). These data suggest that analysis of genes belonging to HR pathway, rather than single BRCA1 and BRCA1 evaluation, can be more informative to select those patients eligible for PARPi treatment.
The heatmap shown in Supplementary Figure 3 describes for each patient the distribution of mutations across tumor samples related to tumor grade and histology. Only two patients had CCNE1 locus gene amplification (10152 and 20683) and one had BRCA1 promoter hypermethylation. [7]. It has been described that loss of HR pathway is the major contribution to increased number of indels observed in EOC [8]. In our study, the increased number of indels counted in synchronous lesions compared to primary tumors (Supplementary Figure 1) can be justified by the frequent impairment of HR pathway observed in the synchronous lesions compared to primary tumors on the ovary (Supplementary Figure 2).
Regional heterogeneity between primary tumors and synchronous diseases was investigated at single gene level counting the number of mutations per gene. As shown in Supplementary Figure 4, ovaries and their synchronous diseases presented notable differences. In particular, for the majority of genes the biopsies taken from the ovaries were characterized by a higher number of mutations than the biopsies from synchronous lesions. ATM, ATR and FN1 genes displayed a larger number of mutations in the lesions from the ovary than from other anatomical sites. Regional heterogeneity occurred also at pathway-based level (Supplementary Figure 2).
Collectively, these data reflect the unique evolutionary lineages of tumor cells growing in spatially different environments. This insight is inconsistent with the simplistic idea that targeting a single gene could affect tumor response of stage III/IV EOC.
Concordant somatic mutations
To discriminate between “private” and “founder” mutations, we analyzed the rate of concordant mutations in tumor deposits in the ovary and in its pelvic-peritoneal environment. Concordant mutations are somatic variants in the same genetic locus in the ovary and at least in one of its matched synchronous lesions
The heatmap in Figure 4 shows the distribution of concordant somatic mutations (colored boxes) and the absence of concordant mutations (gray boxes) across matched tumor biopsies. The results demonstrate that each tumor deposit found at primary surgery is mainly composed of private mutations. Concordant mutations represent only 6.6% of all mutations passing filters. The complete list of concordant mutations, with their AF are shown in Supplementary Table 4. Pelvic-peritoneal implants are shown to harbor concordat mutations mainly in the genes, TP53, ATM, ATR, TGFB3 Col3A1 and VCAM1, which suggests that populations of cancer cells obtained from different synchronous lesions are clonally correlated to an ancestral clone.
Figure 4: Concordant somatic mutations. Heatmap showing the distribution of concordant somatic mutations. The Number of concordant mutations summarized to single gene was reported for each patient in a false color scale. Grey boxes indicate the absence of concordant mutations. Genes are grouped into pathways, depicted by color palette, as described in Supplementary Table 2. Color bars in the upper part show information at diagnosis as reported in Supplementary Table 1: grade (red, high grade; green, low grade) and histotype (orange, serous; green, endometrioid; blue, mucinous).
In conclusion, targeted re-sequencing analysis demonstrates marked intra-tumor heterogeneity. Although the primary ovarian tumor and synchronous lesions may harbor a huge amount of private genetic aberrations, the identification of founder genetic events define the sub-clonal relationship among ovarian cancer cells growing in the ovary or in other anatomical sites.
Analysis of evolutionary lineages
Next, the ancestral clonal relationship was established between anatomical regions of primary and relapsed tumors reflecting temporal heterogeneity. To that end a phylogenetic tree was generated for each patient based on the allelic fractions on 4899 loci (Supplementary Methods 3.1.2.4). Figure 5 shows the evolutionary trees constructed for six patients (i.e., 20724, 20738, 20995, 21110, 20683, 20681) for whom samples from multiple sites were available. The complete list of AF data is available online (). The phylogenetic trees for all samples are shown in Supplementary Figure 5.
Figure 5: Phylogenetic tree. Phylogenetic tree depicting the clonal relationship among multiple biopsies at primary surgery (green leaves, originally pt sensitive) and at relapse (red leaves, platinum resistant or black, unknown) for both HGS and non-HGS EOC. The root of the tree is represented by OVCAR-8 cell lines used as unrelated control (see Supplementary Section Methods 3.1.2.4). The construction of the tree was based on mutant allelic fractions. Ovaries, synchronous diseases and metachronous diseases were considered. Complete list of sample names are reported in Supplementary Table 2.
Figure 5 depicts a branched evolutionary pattern, with multiple subclones evolving through different lineages. All synchronous lesions are derived from a common ancestral clone (tree trunk, Figure 5). The early branching among tumor samples indicates that the different tumor deposits diverge very early in their evolutionary histories, accompanied by the acquisition of a large number of private mutations during growth (Supplementary Table 5). This data are consistent with the previously reported marked intra-tumor heterogeneity of EOC [4] [5].
As to the relationship between relapsed-resistant tumor clones (red leaves, Figure 5) and matched primary sensitive deposits, relapsed clones appear in distant branches from the root. Resistant clones evolved probably from one disseminated clone in one of the primary tumor sites under selective pressure of chemotherapy, rather than de novo. Consistent with this interpretation platinum induced mutations were not detected in selected genes since the total number of single-base substitution (in particular C>T) were comparable before and after chemotherapy (Supplementary Figure 6).
We finally investigated the degree of similarity between samples in the leaves of the tree (Table 3). The results support the notion of early branching between samples, as the closest pairs in the tree had the majority of private mutations (> 90%) and only a limited number of concordant loci (between 0.17 and 3.59%). The same approach was used to compare ovaries with matched synchronous lesions or metachronous lesions, and to compare each pair of synchronous and metachronous lesions. Also here private mutations were prevalent (all above 90%) as compared to the low number of concordant loci (less than 1%) (Supplementary Tables 6, 7, and 8).
Table 3: Similarity across the leaves of the phylogenetic tree
Degree of similarity across the leaves of the phylogenetic tree including patients 20724, 20738, 21110, 20995, 20681 and 20683. Leaf of the phylogenetic tree, couple of analyzed samples; Concordant mutations, mutations present in both sample of the couple, in the same genomic locus; Private mutations, mutations present in only one sample of the couple. Wt, wild type. Complete list of sample names are reported in Supplementary Table 2.
DISCUSSION
The results from this study reveal regional and temporal heterogeneity as a hallmark of both HGS and non HGS-EOC. There were extensive genomic differences, at both single nucleotide and pathway-based level, between tumor lesions growing in the ovaries and matched synchronous or metachronous lesions. In clinical practice, these findings have important implications. The primary lesion in the ovary is usually completely removed during debulking surgery, while adjuvant chemotherapy is largely targeted to eradicate microscopic or macroscopic residual tumor, which is one of the most important prognostic factor in stage III/IV EOC. Accurate and precise cytoreduction surgery aiming at reducing the number of cancer cells to “zero” is biologically important to lessen or delay the growth of the resistant clones that are still present in primary tumor lesions. The vast majority of patients relapse and die because of the re-growth of resistant disease. Genomic heterogeneity must be taken into consideration in order to improve the cure rate of EOC.
Until now, only few studies have addressed the degree of regional and temporal heterogeneity among different primary lesions of EOC, and how it could impact on the identification of reliable biomarkers for both diagnostic and prognostic purposes. Although this study analyzed a limited panel of genes across tumor biopsies taken from both HGS and non HGS-EOC, our results are consistent with previous studies in which small subsets of HGS-EOC were analyzed in terms of mutational landscape of the entire exome and global defects in genome architecture [3] [4] [9]. In the current study, a small subset of genes with therapeutic relevance for EOC were full length re-sequenced with deep coverage (mean depth of coverage of almost 2500×), to unmask those somatic variants present at very low AF within the tumor cell population as a source of temporal and spatial heterogeneity that could impact on therapeutic response.
The results suggest that biopsies taken at the time of primary surgery from the ovary and other anatomical sites developed along divergent evolutionary pathways. This notion suggests a “branching evolution” model, also often referred to as “parallel evolution” [10] [11]. This model suggests two important conclusions: 1) only few driver genes were found mutated in almost all samples, indicating that these are early events during tumor evolution. This is the case for example for the TP53 gene in HGS-EOC patients, or in general, for the ATM, ATR, TGF3 Col3A1 and VCAM1 genes. 2) In both HGS and non-HGS-EOC the vast majority of individual variants have low AF, and tumor biopsies taken from ovaries and synchronous lesions cluster in two different branches. This result strongly suggests that both HGS and non HGS EOC evolve gradually by accumulating a large number of sub-clonal mutations. Each of them provides a relatively modest selection advantage, depending on different external and internal environmental factors. Relapsed disease arises probably not from new mutations but from resistant clones originally present in one of the primary lesions, the outgrowth of which is favored by the selective pressure of standard chemotherapeutic treatment.
These findings raise important issues with implications for the development of novel therapeutic strategies in stage III/IV EOC. Firstly, most of the translational studies performed so far in EOC largely ignored the bias of regional heterogeneity. It was thought that the molecular features of a tumor growing in the ovary largely mirrored the biology of the malignancy disseminated in the abdominal cavity. For this reason molecular features of synchronous disease have up to now been rarely studied. Our results show that synchronous lesions harbor a large amount of private somatic variants. This finding implies that dissecting the biology of the tumor in the ovary does not necessarily predict the therapeutic response of the different lesions spread to multiple sites within the abdominal cavity. The molecular information obtained in one biopsy does not necessarily reflect other tumor lesions. Therefore this information seems unlikely to help identify mutations in the ovary which can serve as biomarker predictors of response to molecular based target therapies.
The ATM gene seems worthy of discussion, as it is considered an attractive target for therapeutic intervention in EOC. In our study the ATM gene was mutated in almost samples from all patients, suggesting that loss of gene function is a founder event during tumor progression. The fact that we did not find variants in the relapsed tumor [5] intimates that clones harboring mutations in the ATM gene are sensitive to platinum based chemotherapy, irrespective of anatomical site. In the light of the recent emergence of targeted compounds that impair ATM protein function, it seems worthy of consideration to combine such ATM inhibitors with platinum-based therapy in both front line and subsequent chemotherapy.
Drug regulatory bodies such as FDA and EMA stipulate that identification of mutations in BRCA1/2 genes should be exploited to select HGS-EOC patients for therapeutic intervention with novel PARP inhibitors [12]. Results from this study and others [5] [13] suggest the importance to move beyond the classical somatic and germline BRCA1/2 analysis, to correlate the HR defects to response to treatment. For example, we have observed that all synchronous lesions enrolled in the study were characterized by genetic defects in at least one gene of the HR pathway, the one most frequently mutated being C11orf30 (EMSY). These results suggest that the simple analysis of somatic BRCA1/2 mutations in tumor biopsy taken from the ovary may well underestimate the fraction of patients who could benefit from treatment with PARPi drugs, irrespective of hystological subtype. As previously observed [5] [13] it may be prudent to include patients with either HGS and non HGS-EOC in future clinical trials with PARP inhibitors.
Finally the issue of temporal heterogeneity warrants discussion. We have previously shown that relapsed EOC disease shares less than 2% of concordant mutations with the primary tumor [5]. Therefore it remains unclear whether relapsed disease arises from clonal selection of pre-resistant clones in the original tumor mass or from accumulation of de novo mutations during platinum based treatment. Following the developmental route of the malignancy based on biopsies obtained from patients 20724 and 20738 at different times of treatment allows depiction of a phylogenetic tree. In this tree resistant tumors at relapse consist of clones selected for out of the many present in multiple deposits in the abdominal cavity. Consistent with the findings of Meier et al. [14] there was no evidence of enrichment of platinum drug-specific mutations in relapsed as compared to primary tumor. This result renders the possibility unlikely that resistant tumor clones arise from de novo mutations during therapy. As a corollary of this result, the use of targeted re-sequencing approaches at high depth of coverage is of utmost importance to uncover those mutations present at sub-clonal level in the primary tumor and with low AF that can expand during tumor re-growth after chemotherapy and characterize the genomic landscape of relapsed disease.
In conclusion, results from this study highlight three clinically important issues. i) sampling multiple sites at different time points can describes more accurately the genetic complexity of EOC tumor burden; ii) the genomic landscape of the ovarian tumor mass cannot be considered a suitable surrogate biomarker to aid prognosis in primary or relapsed disease; iii) attempts to develop novel therapeutic approaches in EOC should take intra-tumor heterogeneity among different tumor lesions into account. As EOC is a systemic disease, novel therapeutic strategies should be directed towards those genetic lesions that sustain tumor growth both in the ovary and other anatomical sites at the time of frontline therapy or relapse. There are some mutations in genes such as C11orf30, MLH1, EGFR, PIK3CA, CDH1, CTNNB1, DICER, and ARID1A which occur preferentially in synchronous lesions. Other genes such as IGF1R, TOP2A, FN1, ID4, ZEB1 and VIM occur with higher abundance in the ovary. iv) Cytoreduction surgery which completely removes residual tumor is essential to reduce or delay selection of resistant clones that are probably still present in primary tumor lesions.
Analysis of molecular features of EOC using liquid biopsies taken at different times of follow-up might help to define more precisely the systemic nature of EOC and how it evolves over time.
MATERIALS AND METHODS
Patient cohort
A cohort of 19 stage III-IV EOC patients, from whom multiple snap frozen tumor biopsies (n=71) were obtained at primary surgery from physically separated tumor sites and after one or more line of chemotherapy, were selected from the “Pandora” tumor tissue collection. The study was performed following the principles of the Declaration of Helsinki; the local scientific ethical committees approved the collection and usage of tumor samples. Written informed consent was obtained from all patients.
Targeted resequencing libraries and massively parallel sequencing
gDNA was purified through an automatic nucleic acid purification system (Maxwell® Rapid Sample Concentrator, Promega, Italy) as detailed in Supplementary Methods 1.1. Libraries for targeted re-sequencing of 65 selected genes, were generated using TrueSeq Custom Amplicon panel (TSCA, Illumina Palo Alto, CA, US), with automatic liquid handling station (Epmotion 2075, Eppendorf, Italy), as previously described [5]. Quantified libraries were barcoded and sequenced on the MiSeq platform (Illumina) using the 2x150 bp configuration (23x23 cycles) and run on V2 sequencing flow cell. Details are reported in Supplementary Section Methods 2.1. The aligned sequences are available at the EBI European Nucleotide Archive (; ID PRJEB6773 and PRJEB12935).
Sequencing data analysis
Raw de-multiplexed reads from the MiSeq sequencer were aligned to the reference human genome (UCSC build hg19) using the Burrows-Wheeler Aligner (BWA, [15]). Putative somatic variant calls were detected with two separate programs, MuTect (version 1.1.5; [16] ) and VarScan 2 (version 2.3.6; [17]), pairing each sample with its matched blood. Further details are available in Supplementary Methods 3.1.
Abbreviations
AF, allelic fraction; CR, complete response; EOC, epithelial ovarian cancer; FDR, false discovery rate; gDNA, genomic DNA; HGS-EOC, high grade serous ovarian cancer; HR, homologous recombination; LG-EOC, low grade epithelial ovarian cancer; NGS, next generation sequencing; PFS, progression free survival; PARP, poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase; PR, partial response; Pt, platinum; RECIST, response evaluation criteria in solid Tumors; VUS, variant of unknown significance.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
We would like to thank Andreas Gescher (University of Leicester, UK) for critical revision and editing of the manuscript. We are grateful to “Cloud4CARE” project for providing computational resources for data analysis, Nerina and Mario Mattioli Foundation, ACTO Foundation, Italian Association of Medical Oncology (AIOM) Foundation.
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
The authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
GRANT SUPPORT
This work was supported by Italian Association for Cancer Research [Grant Number IG15177 to S.M, Grant Number IG17185 to CR], and Cariplo Foundation [Grant Number, 2013-0815 to S.M and C.R., Grant Number 2015-0848 to L.B. and E.R.].
REFERENCES
1. Swanton C. Intratumor heterogeneity: evolution through space and time. Cancer Res. 2012; 72:4875–82.. [PubMed]
2., et al. Rethinking ovarian cancer: recommendations for improving outcomes. Nat Rev Cancer. 2011; 11:719–25.. [PubMed]
3. Bashashati A, Ha G, Tone A, Ding J, Prentice LM, Roth A, Rosner J, Shumansky K, Kalloger S, Senz J, Yang W, McConechy M, Melnyk N, et al. Distinct evolutionary trajectories of primary high-grade serous ovarian cancers revealed through spatial mutational profiling. J Pathol. 2013; 231:21–34.. [PubMed]
4. Schwarz RF, Ng CK, Cooke SL, Newman S, Temple J, Piskorz AM, Gale D, Sayal K, Murtaza M, Baldwin PJ, Rosenfeld N, Earl HM, Sala E, et al. Spatial and temporal heterogeneity in high-grade serous ovarian cancer: a phylogenetic analysis. PLoS Med. 2015; 12:e1001789.. [PubMed]
5. Beltrame L, Di Marino M, Fruscio R, Calura E, Chapman B, Clivio L, Sina F, Mele C, Iatropoulos P, Grassi T, Fotia V, Romualdi C, Martini P, et al. Profiling cancer gene mutations in longitudinal epithelial ovarian cancer biopsies by targeted next-generation sequencing: a retrospective study. Ann Oncol. 2015; 26:1363–71.. [PubMed]
6. Cancer Genome Atlas Research Network. Integrated genomic analyses of ovarian carcinoma. Nature. 2011; 474:609–15.. [PubMed]
7., et al, and AOCS Study Group. Integrated genome-wide DNA copy number and expression analysis identifies distinct mechanisms of primary chemoresistance in ovarian carcinomas. Clin Cancer Res. 2009; 15:1417–27.. [PubMed]
8. Alexandrov LB, Nik-Zainal S, Wedge DC, Aparicio S A JR,], et al. Genomic and transcriptomic plasticity in treatment-naive ovarian cancer. Genome Res. 2014; 24:200–11.. [PubMed]
10. Gray JW. Evidence emerges for early metastasis and parallel evolution of primary and metastatic tumors. Cancer Cell. 2003; 4:4–6.. [PubMed]
11. Klein CA. Parallel progression of primary tumours and metastases. Nat Rev Cancer. 2009; 9:302–12.. [PubMed]
12. Ledermann JA, Kristeleit RS. Optimal treatment for relapsing ovarian cancer. Ann Oncol. 2010 (Suppl 7); 21:vii218–22.. [PubMed]
13. Pennington KP, Walsh T, Harrell MI, Lee MK, Pennil CC, Rendi MH, Thornton A, Norquist BM, Casadei S, Nord AS, Agnew KJ, Pritchard CC, Scroggins S, et al. Germline and somatic mutations in homologous recombination genes predict platinum response and survival in ovarian, fallopian tube, and peritoneal carcinomas. Clin Cancer Res. 2014; 20:764–75.. [PubMed]
14. Meier B, Cooke SL, Weiss J, Bailly AP, Alexandrov LB, Marshall J, Raine K, Maddison M, Anderson E, Stratton MR, Gartner A, Campbell PJ. C. elegans whole-genome sequencing reveals mutational signatures related to carcinogens and DNA repair deficiency. Genome Res. 2014; 24:1624–36.. [PubMed]
15. Li H, Durbin R. Fast and accurate short read alignment with Burrows-Wheeler transform. Bioinformatics. 2009; 25:1754–60.. [PubMed]]
17... [PubMed]
PII: 10505The DDC,:
• Creative strategies on coping with isolation during a pandemic;
• How self-advocacy can empower people with disabilities to reclaim access and independence;
• How disability has impacted access to healthcare today;
• How policies have affected waiver programs;
• What is the importance of employment and inclusion now?
Highlights include:
The event will take place on June 9, To see the agenda for the conference, click here
To register for FREE, click hereWhat is the best way to reduce the bad cholesterol, or LDL, in your body? There is not just ONE way to reduce this type of cholesterol in your body. There are some basic lifestyle changes you have to make to improve your cholesterol.
High cholesterol increases your risk of heart disease and heart attacks. Medications can help improve your cholesterol. However, the best way to control cholesterol in your body is to make some fundamental changes in the way you spend your time on day to day basis.
In this article, we plan to discuss what cholesterol is, what are major types of cholesterol, what are the symptoms of high LDL or bad cholesterol in your body and how to reduce it to normal levels.
What is Cholesterol?
Cholesterol is a fatty substance which our body makes naturally and is found in some foods. It is carried around the body in our bloodstream by lipoproteins.
Types of Cholesterol our blood can lead to heart disease or stroke.
Recommended Lifestyle Changes To Lower Bad Cholesterol
The lifestyle changes listed below will help you normalize your cholesterol levels. If you already take medications to do so, the following changes can improve their cholesterol-lowering effect..
5. Quit Drinking.
If lifestyle changes aren’t enough …
Sometimes healthy lifestyle changes aren’t enough to lower cholesterol levels. In that case, you may want to use a well researched and tried and tested herbal food supplement which can help your regulate healthy cholesterol in your body. It is called Blood Cleanser and you can get it by clicking on this link. If your doctor recommends medication to help lower your cholesterol, take it as prescribed while continuing your lifestyle changes. Lifestyle changes can help you keep your medication dose low.Holidays for disabled children – flying with disabled children
Easter is over, we’ve had a taste of summer with the hot weather, so naturally thoughts turn to summer breaks. It can be difficult to find the right holidays for
Read More »
Short breaks and accessible holidays for disabled children. Short breaks are essential for letting disabled children have fun and experience new things. Here we outline the different types of breaks available and where to find them.
Breaks and holidays are really important for families with a disabled child. These can be both holidays to enjoy as a family or short breaks which provide a moment of respite for you and a chance for your child to experience new things. Here we outline the different types of breaks available and where to find them.
Short breaks form part of the spectrum of services which support children and families which need them. They are essential for letting disabled children have fun and experience new things with people their own age. Similarly, it allows their parents to take a break from the pressures of care.
Short breaks can be provided by both private and voluntary sector organisations, and can include:
They can take place in the family home, the home of a registered carer or in a residential or community setting.
Short breaks funding is given to each child in the form of a personal budget. The hours in a personal budget are allocated based on either:
The best place to start is by speaking to your local authority about which services are available in your area. Both the services themselves and the Local Offer team should be able to advise on how to fill out your self-assessment, or what to expect from a full needs assessment.
Some short break schemes are classified as ‘Universal’. Universal Short Breaks are available to all children (no assessment is needed to access them). To find out if there are any Universal Short Break schemes available near you, you will need to speak to your local authority.
Short breaks are now handled by what’s called the Local Offer, these are run by your local authority. Local Offers are meant to provide clear, up-to-date and detailed information on what provision and services are available in your area, for children and young people with SEND and their families.
Your Local Offer will:
When it comes to breaks, local authorities have a duty to provide short break services and make it clear how families can access these. You can find your Local Offer details in our Directory.
There can be a lot of confusion around the funding, commissioning and provision of short breaks for disabled young people and their families. It can seem complicated but, put simply, legal duties require local authorities to:
You can read more about the legal obligations on local authorities and the NHS on the GOV.UK website.
There are lots of organisations that can help families with a disabled child take a holiday. Some provide lost cost holidays and some provide grants to allow families to enjoy a holiday abroad together. Some organisations only offer their services to families who live locally to them, or through a referral from a professional supporting a family, above all the best way to find out who can help you is to do some research.
If you have a child with special requirements, it is advisable to sit down and make a list of what the key ingredients are for meeting your family’s travel and holiday needs. These will differ widely according to the ages and size of your family and the specific needs of your child.
Our article: Take a break: Holidays for children with disabilities and their families contains a helpful list to get you started, it also gives some ideas about:
Our article Holidays for disabled children – flying with disabled children also has a wealth of useful information.
Our Directory lists companies that specialise in accessible and supported holidays, as well as companies that can help with the travel and insurance aspects.. They consider grants towards Butlin’s trips as well as family breaks in the UK and Europe.
Happy Days Charity take applications from families who have:
They accept applications from parents, guardians, grandparents, GPs, consultants, nurses or social workers.
Easter is over, we’ve had a taste of summer with the hot weather, so naturally thoughts turn to summer breaks. It can be difficult to find the right holidays for
Read More »
Ideas, financial support options and considerations to take for summer holidays for families with disabled children.
It can be tricky to think of ways to keep the kids entertained during the Easter holidays without blowing the budget. My Family, Our Needs has 5 ideas to keep
Read More »
They can stretch out like six weeks of potential and fun, however they can soon lead to boredom and cabin fever. Careful thought and planning can turn up many activities
Read More »
Designed & Developed by Design Monkey - Cambridge Website Design
Coronavirus Latest: Our summary and links to the latest available guidance on the coronavirus pandemic in the UK Read ArticleCentral Point Pharmacy
About Central Point Pharmacy
The pharmacy team has worked in some of the busiest place and we can tell you people often get treated like numbers. When setting up the pharmacy they made sure everything was designed to make your experience more efficient. They believe in Fast and Good service.
About the Project
The Client had requested for a logo with motor and pestle with very specific colour.
Logo
The concept behind the logo is to include was to include the motor and pestle but also try to integrate the "CP" for central point in order to give some identity.For screen reader problems with this website, please call978-777-01669 7 8 7 7 7 0 1 6 6Standard carrier rates apply to texts.
ASK ABOUT FINANCING OPTIONS! a 6" inner ring that’s great for smaller pots and pans and a 9" outer ring a stainless finish that’s easy to clean and resists fingerprints and smudges.
Disable the control panel to avoid unintended use.Juventus managed to keep their place in the half way of the Serie A season after picking up a solid 2-0 victory over Atalanta with goals from Stephan Lichtsteiner and Emanuele Giaccherini.
This result puts the Turin giant one point above Ac Milan in the standing and maintain their excellent form in the halfway of the new season as the are still unbeaten so far, despite not leading by much points with the teams below them.
Meanwhile, Milan also kept their runners up place after bouncing back from the Derby defeat by beating Novara 3-0 with Zlatan Ibrahimovic’s brace and also Robinho’s tap in from Stephan El Shaarawy’s low shot. An important result for the Rossoneri as not only they keeps up their pace with league leader, Juventus, but also maintaining their points gap with third place, Udinese, who also won on the weekend.
Playing at Friuli, Udinese edged passed Catania with goals from Pablo Armero and also Antonio Di Natale, while their visitor only managed to pull a goal back from Lodi’s late minute penalty kick. Despite winning, Francesco Guidolin’s team must not let their guard down as Inter Milan are starting to cause danger after Claudio Ranieri’s team successfully dethroned Lazio in fourth place.
Inter’s success in leapfrogging the capital team arrived after they beaten Lazio last Sunday in a very hard fought match, which once again forced the Nerazzurri picking up a rather “lucky” win as just like in the Derby, they were forced to defend for the most part of the match. Despite going down first through Tomasso Rochi’s goal, Diego Milito and Giampaolo Pazzini managed to overturn the scoreline with a little bit help from the Biancocelesti’s defends’ poor defending.
Complete Result of Serie A week 19:
Atalanta v Juventus 0-2; Roma v Cesena 5-1; Bologna v Parma 0-0; Novara v Milan 0-3; Cagliari v Fiorentina 0-0; Lecce v Chievo 2-2; Palermo v Genoa 5-3; Siena v Napoli 1-1; Udinese v Catania 2-1; Inter v Lazio 2-1
photo credit: _bianconero
Lockheed Martin received a Foreign Military Sales (FMS) contract from the U.S
Leonardo has signed contracts worth more than 100 million Euros with Airbus to provide avionics maintenance for both German and Spanish Eurofighter Typhoon fleets. These contracts will cover all repairs estimated to arise in the next 5 years
Lockheed Martin won a contract worth almost $80 million to provide technical services for the Trident II submarine-launched strategic nuclear missiles navigation system. "Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems, Mitchel Field, New York, is being awarded a $79,884,066… contract to provide technical and program management support services associated with the Trident...
Northrop Grumman awarded a $99 million contract to provide hardware and technical support to integrate its Department of Navy Large Aircraft Infrared Countermeasures (DoN LAIRCM) on combat aircraft for the US Navy and Air Force. “Northrop Grumman Systems Corp
Russian United Aircraft Corporation has started flight tests of a new next-generation integrated avionics suite of T-50 (PAK-FA) fighter aircraft. The integrated structure of the board of the aircraft T-50 equipment replaces the system ‘Baguette designed in 2004
Israeli defense electronics' Elbit Systems' US subsidiary has won a $50 million contract from the US Navy to provide the Helmet Display and Tracker System (HDTS) for the MH-60S fleet of helicopters. "Elbit Systems of America LLC
Northrop Grumman has been awarded a contract to upgrade navigation systems and displays of French Navy's three E-2C Hawkeye Airborne Early Warning Aircraft. “Northrop Grumman Systems Corp
The US Navy awarded Rockwell Collins a contract worth $142 million to procure Tactical Combat Training System. ,” the US Department of Defense announced Tuesday
Northrop Grumman has delivered a Combat Electromagnetic Environment Simulator (CEESIM) to SAAB AB for aircraft testing on the Gripen JAS 39 multirole fighter. The CEESIM system includes the advanced pulse generation (APG) capability, which uses the latest digital technology to generate advanced waveforms
Northrop Grumman has been awarded a contract worth $91 million to develop airborne electronic attack systems for Boeing EA-18G Growler aircraft for the Navy and the government of Australia. “Northrop Grumman Systems CorpPro+ Premium Content/Storage magazine
Access your Pro+ Content below.
No excuse for lax laptop backup
This article is part of the Vol. 10 Num. 6 August 2011 issue of Storage magazine.
Columns in this issue
The need for speed
An analysis of the some of the leading vendors in the TCP/IP offload market.
No excuse for lax laptop backup
Too expensive, too much extra work and not enough integration were legitimate complaints about laptop backup a few years ago. But those excuses just don’t cut it anymore..Study looks at where the IRS audits more and less
Share Now on:
HTML EMBED:
The Internal Revenue Service does not audit equally across the United States, according to a new study by Kim M. Bloomquist, a former IRS economist. The most heavily audited county in the country is poor, rural Humphreys County, Mississippi, the study found. Why?
“Because lots of poor people live there,” said ProPublica reporter Paul Kiel, who covers the IRS. “The people who live there are working poor, and they claim something called the earned income tax credit, which is one of our country’s biggest antipoverty programs.”
According to Kiel and ProPublica, the IRS audits earned income tax credit recipients at higher rates than most other tax payers.
“Since the 1990s, Republicans in Congress have put a lot of pressure on IRS to prevent payments going to people who didn’t deserve the credit or who didn’t qualify for the credit,” Kiel said. Because of this, the most heavily audited counties are in places where lots of people claim the earned income tax credit. “If you look at the map, you see the South, but you also see Native American reservations in South Dakota and Arizona, you see mostly Latino counties along the Texas border with Mexico. So yeah, it is in a way a map of poverty in this country, but the thing to keep in mind is people are claiming this credit because they are working during the year.”
Click the audio player above to hear Kai Ryssdal’s conversation with Paul K.Seven Days to Beautiful Living: Adjusting your Mindset
Welcome to day 3 of Beautiful Living.
When you decide to make beautiful living apart of your journey you will also have to adjust your mindset. There are so many people that are walking around with a negative mindset. All of their thoughts are negative and everything that comes out of their mouth is negative. This is because they have such a negative mindset.
One thing that I know for sure is that your thoughts becomes your reality. Your thoughts determines how you will live. I know you have heard the phrase change your thoughts, change your life but perhaps you haven't but this is true and you will need to change your thoughts in order to change your life.
Are you one of those people or know someone who I refer to as the whoa me? The whoa me people are always talking about the negative things in their life. They are the people when you asked them how their day is going it's always well my health is bad or I just been down on my luck or I don't know if I'm coming or going. Instead, what they should be saying is despite what the doctor report says, I am healthy, I am healed, I am blessed and I am not claiming what the doctor has said or my day is full of joy and peace.
In Romans 12:2, it says, "do not act like the sinful people of the world, let God change your life, first of all, let Him give you a new mind then you will know what God wants you to do and the things that you do will be good, pleasing and perfect".
You need a new thought process. You manifest the things that you think about the most. You have to continue to be mindful that your mindset set the stage for your life. I am a firm believer that whatever you anticipate in life you can put it in your mind and bring it to life. You have to continue to keep your mind in the right space and not allow your negative thoughts to take over.
Adjusting your mindset helps you to discover whatever it is that God wants you to do (your purpose). If you are trying to discover your purpose and you have a negative mindset then that's not going to work that well for you. You will not make it far at all with a negative mindset. Life is only as good as your mindset.
I encourage you to replace your negative thoughts with positive thoughts and affirmations.
A positive mind will not allow you to hold on to negative things. Every morning when you get out of the bed I want you to say these affirmations (feel free to add more :-)):
I can achieve greatness.
I am full of energy and full of joy.
I love and accept myself.
My body is healthy, my mind is brilliant and my soul is tranquil.
I believe that I can do everything.
Everything that is happening now is happening for your ultimate good.
I am the architect of my life, I build its foundation and choose its content.
I forgive.
My ability to conquer my challenges is limitless and my potential to succeed is infinite.
Today, on this day, I will abandon my old habits and take on more positive ones.
I am powerful.
I am peace.
I am amazing.
I am passionate about life.
I am unstoppable.
I am happiness.
I am blessed.
I am beautiful.
I am acceptance.
I am balance.
I am full of joy.
I am creative.
I am charming
I am capable.
I am clarity.
I am centered.
I am forgiving.
I am inspiration.
I am innovative.
I am confidence.
I am change.
I am courage.
I am knowledge.
I am originality.
I am whole
I am wealth.
I am worthy.
I am perfect. (You are perfect to do whatever God has called you to do.)
I am enough.
Remember a positive mindset allows you to overcome anything that you have going on in your life. Change your thoughts, change your life.
Click here for the full video that I did on Adjusting your Mindset. It is good and I believe that it will bless your life.
Until Next Time!
XO,
Fandom: FAKE
Author:
Characters: Ryo, Dee.
Rating: PG
Setting: After Vol. 7.
Summary: Ryo isn’t going to be treated like Dee’s servant, especially not in his own home.
Word Count: 500
Written For: Prompt 627: Entitled.
Disclaimer: I don’t own FAKE, or the characters. They belong to the wonderful Sanami Matoh.
Not Your ServantThomas S. Sha on the YUI
Thomas S. Sha, Sr. Director of Engineering at Yahoo!, talks about the strengths of and community response to the Yahoo! UI library.
Runtime : 00:03:00 Added : 06Straight Male Tube - Straight Guys doing Gay For Pay
Most Popular
Most Comments
Longest
Straight Nick Straight Ethan Slade
'Two hot and spicy straight boys from very different cultures create some hot and steamy, cum dripping gay sex. Some of you are familiar with straight hottie Ethan as he has been a past straight dupee, if there is such a word, on BaitBuddies.com. He's a Creole country boy from the bayous of Louisiana where the weather, the food, and the boys are extremely hot. Ethan is as cute as they come with a sexy, smooth, perfectly proportioned body and big, thick 7'' cock, probably a product of his Native American/Italian ancestry. Our other dude, Nick, is a newbie, a straight Cuban boy whose plentiful muscles are covered with lots of tatts. Being from Miami, he is no stranger to hot weather, hot spicy food and as he claims - lots of hot Cuban pussy. And, don't confuse Cuban with Latina - he's very specific and very proud about his Cuban heritage as well as his Cuban preference for girls. While Nick isn't very tall, every ounce of muscle is distributed to the right place and he certainly wasn't cheated in the cock department either with his 7.5 inch thick ''Cuban'' tool. And, Nick can get a bit kinky, he said he's had more than one three-way with a girl and a buddy, but even without being asked, when it comes to his buddy he says ''but no touch''. And, we know what that means - we might have a bit of a problem on our hands when he finds out what he's really here for...his first gay sex. Nick might be considered a little kinky, but Ethan is another story altogether. Since he was broken in to gay sex during his first BaitBuddies.com video, he has really gone to the wild side...accompanied by a very kinky and sexually charged girlfriend who is as beautiful as he is. Since that video, she's fingered his hole and fucked it many times with a dildo and as a gift to him, if he's a good boy, she lets Ethan fuck her in the butt. Ethan is also an exhibitionist, he loves to show off his stuff and have sex in public places. And, he's lucky enough to have a girl who plays with him. He tells us they go to the mall and fuck in changing rooms - and you know damn well the people outside know what's going on. Especially, he tells Caruso, when the door ''accidentally'' flies open. OK, so Caruso has the boys stripped down watching pussy porn and jacking their big ol' cocks on the couch as he breaks the news that the girl didn't show. He then offers the standard deal of double the money if the guys fuck around with each other. Nick is not a happy camper, he quickly shakes his head in the negative, saying ''I'm not into that shit'' and tells Caruso that it's bullshit because he traveled to the studio to make money fucking pussy and there's no girl. Finally after some talking and the fact that Ethan ''agrees'' to do it, Nick falls in line and says OK. Not to lose any momentum, fearing that Nick might change his mind, Caruso asks Nick ''Can Ethan give you a hand?'' to which he responds ''Go for it''. Ethan reaches over for Nick's now soft cock and strokes it back to it's ''pre-gay sex talk'' 7.5'' hardness. Nick is instructed to do the same for Ethan and he does. He can't deny to Caruso that it feels good getting stroked while watching porn, even if it is another dude. We soon progress to blowjobs and when it's Nick's turn he does pretty good - just about deep throating Ethan's thick Creole cock when asked by Caruso. The boys then stand up to compare cock sizes and Ethan goes in for a kiss as previously instructed by Caruso. At first, Nick backs away, but Ethan doesn't give up and this leads to a very hot french kissing session between the two of them. Next is the fucking. It's the first time Ethan will be penetrated with the real thing instead of manually with a rubber dildo, and he seems pretty hot about the idea. His hungry, pulsing butthole has been well trained by his girlfriend and easily takes the full length and girth of our hot straight boy's big Cuban cock. The boys finish off with Ethan on his back and Nick pumping him like he was tapping just another Cuban pussy. Ethan moans and blows his hot spunky load onto his rock hard stomach. Nick then pulls off his rubber and jacks a HUGE load all across Ethan's torso. Two loads of hot white cum against Ethan's beautiful caramel skin is as spicy hot as it gets! Enjoy the ''Spice Boys'' at BaitBuddies.com.
VIEW FULL VIDEO AT BAIT BUDDIES!
Related Gay For Pay Straight Males Videos
Czech Hunter 10
Czech Hunter 84
Bobbing For Balls An
Czech Hunter 102Heritage Grand Vacation Club
Multi-Destination, Multi-Destination, Outside US
HGVC'S 6 RESORTS IN MALAYSIA, SINGAPAORE, AND THAILAND offer Recreation, Relaxation and Total Serenity! Splendid beach style retreats, they are the perfect getaway. Sun, sea, clear blue skies and a fun filled lifestyle provide an out-of-this world
Floating white week. Sale includes Ice Gallery membership! RTU until 2110!Description
Our 2022 Calendar is here!
Featuring this years best selling and new designs this calendar always proved to be a sell out!
A4 Portrait Calendar
Payment & Security
Your payment information is processed securely. We do not store credit card details nor have access to your credit card information.Bryan achieved his Associates of Science Degree in Computer Aided Drafting and Design from ITT Technical Institute. He comes to S-E-A from SoundCom Systems where he was a CAD Designer. In this role, he drafted and designed installation diagrams for commercial audio/visual systems. He also generated drawings from bills of material, researched component compatibility and maintained the CAD library for the company.
Columbus
7001 Buffalo Parkway
Columbus, OH 43229
(614) 888-4160
(800) 782-6851RUNDECK : Authentication failure connecting to nodes
Reported by Rahul | February 1st, 2015 @ 10:59 PM
- Issue Type: Bug
- Rundeck version: 1.6.2-1
- JDK Version: jdk1.6.0_18
- Server OS: amd64 Linux 2.6.9-42.ELsmp
* Install type: Jar
Issue:
RUNDECK : Authentication failure connecting to nodes
(For Rundeck GUI issues, please include the following:)
- Client OS: (your OS name, version)
- Client web browser: (your browser name, version)
Log details -
When we configure a job to run the command "touch /tmp/test" in our agents from the server , we are getting the following error -
Authentication failure connecting to node:
"busgf1406.us.oracle.com". Make sure your resource definitions and
credentials are up to date.
09:00:02 Failed: AuthenticationFailure: Authentication failure connecting to node: "busgf1406.us.oracle.com". Make sure your resource definitions and credentials are up to date.
But, when i try to do the same command in the agnet directly, the touch command is working correctly.
Also, verified the ssh from parent to child agent which was working correctly -
ssh $(awk '/project.ssh-keypath = / {print $3}'
/road/local-web/rundeck/projects/ROAD_RELENG/etc/project.properties) releng@busgf1411.us.oracle.com
Please let me know the details on how to fixPush Press: 1RM
Record your best Push Press 1 rep max lift.
Only include the heaviest 1 rep, do not include sets prior to it.
2 RFT: Push Press, Single DB Box Step-ups, Burpees and Row
2 rounds for time of:
20 Push Press (115#/85#)
30 Single Dumbbell Box Step-ups (50#/35# to 24″/20″)
40 Burpees
50/35 Row Calories
Photo by @robcwilson @snoridgecrossfitChristmas Gift Edit
Shop any product from our Christmas Gift Edit and be in to win one of six stocking prizes packs worth over $14k each. Click HERE to find out more. T&Cs apply.
Filter:
Category
You're viewing 1 to 7 of 7
You're viewing 1 to 7 of 7Puppies for sale
Boyceville, Wisconsin
Puppies for sale in Boyceville, WIFind puppies for sale in Boyceville, Wisconsin! PuppyFind is the most popular and trusted way to find puppies for sale in the state of Wisconsin. Browse puppies for sale in and around Boyceville - Hunter
Aussiedoodle
Janesville, WI
$2000 USD
Aussiedoodle
Janesville, WI
$2000 USD
Listen To Texas' D-Line Coach Completely Lose It On The Team Bus After Iowa State Loss
© Michael C. Johnson-USA TODAY Sports
Texas is on a four-game losing streak and after their embarrassing loss to Iowa State last Saturday, Defensive Line Coach Bo Davis let them have it on the team bus. Language NSFW...
(heartlandcollegesports.com)
(heartlandcollegesports.com)
Filed Under: NCAA Football
Related:
You must be logged in to comment. Sign In | Register
The Texas football culture is the greatest enigma in college sports. Somehow they take the best recruits, put them in the finest facilities, but the apathetic culture sucks the competitive blood out of them. They've changed coaches, continued to recruit well, but it's like they get infected once they get there.
And, just like that, Coach Davis has identified the culture problem in Texas. They are used to losing, even apathetic to it. This can only be changed through attrition and hard work. At Texas, it should never be acceptable to lose to Iowa State. Ever. Four game skid. Nope. These kids that have accepted mediocrity? Cut them.
That's a guy not used to losing and when it keeps happening he gets pissed. I see nothing wrong with that. Of course these days a lot of these kids don't seem to mind it.
All I heard was "mothaf*****", blah blah, "GD" blah blah "Mothaf*****", "get off this bus" blah blah, "Mothaf*****", blah blah "mothaf****". Was that even English? I would likely tune this dude out, especially if he did it multiple times.
Epaminondas
1
34
If you want to win, maybe coach better instead of throwing a temper tantrum.
jrctiger84
10
2
I believe this is where your wrong. I think coaches should do this more often, but their so damn afraid that some snowflake mamas boy will get their feelings hurt and begin crying. This is big time college football, theres no room for your hurt feelings.Roche NimbleGen last week launched its SlideWasher12 Array Processing System. The automated instrument provides washing and removal of wash solution prior to scanning NimbleGen microarrays.
According to the firm, the system can wash and dry up to a dozen slides in 10 minutes. It relies on controlled agitation to reduce variability of manual procedures with customizable wash parameters, and a short duration drying step to reduce ozone degradation of dyes.Hillsborough campaigners say they refuse to be "fobbed off" after the Met Police chief refused to confirm or deny whether victims' families were spied on by Special Branch.
F ormer Merseyside Police chief constable Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe took part in a Q and A on Twitter today and answered some questions on Hillsborough but said he could not confirm or deny whether undercover officers had been tasked with spying on Hillsborough justice campaigners.
He said: "We never comment on undercover work. Long-standing principle to protect officers from danger."
Sheila Coleman, from the Hillsborough Justice Campaign, said: "I think this will escalate, this won't go away.
"Their intransigence on the matter will lead to more pressure being put on them.
"Even now, when confronted with a group who haven't gone away for a quarter of a century, they still underestimate the resolve of campaigners."
She added: "It shows the arrogance of the police as an organisation to think we will be fobbed off."
Hillsborough Family Support Group chair Margaret Aspinall, whose son James was one of the 96 victims of the disaster, also called for the Met to reveal whether families were spied on.
She said: "We are supposed to have openness and transparency.
"It's not open and transparent if he won't deny it."
She added: "Do the honest thing and let everybody know if you did."
She said families, fans and survivors were "frustrated" by the refusal of the Met to come clean.
She said: "Nothing surprises us any more but it is annoying that after all that has gone on they are still hiding behind this little wall."
During the Q and A Sir Hogan-Howe also answered a question on whether he had any regrets about his role in Hillsborough.
He said: "Afterwards I tried to help at the boys club. Great confusion on day. I don't believe I've done anything wrong."
The family of 14-year-old Adam Spearritt, who died in the disaster, submitted a formal complaint to the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) about Sir Hogan -Howe last year.
They were wrongly told Adam, from Runcorn, was alive when a senior police officer at Sheffield Boys Club -where Sir Hogan-Howe was in charge - read his name out on a list of those safe and well.
Today Adam's brother Paul said he wanted Sir Hogan-Howe to provide more information on his role.
He said: "I simply look forward to him providing a detailed account of his actions on the day (not four lines) and also clarifying why he suggested that he had provided detailed statements when in fact he hadn't.
"Their responses today are what I'd expect them to say in public to be honest.
The force was inundated with questions over the disaster ahead of the web chat at 12pm, where twitter users were asked to submit questions on any topic to the Met commissioner using the hashtag #askmetboss.
Before it began, the Metropolitan Police issued a statement explaining why it was unable to say whether undercover officers were deployed at Hillsborough.
The force had initially been asked about surveillance of campaigners in a Freedom of Information request by Private Eye.
Today it said that it was a “long-established practice” to neither confirm nor deny details of when undercover officers were deployed.
And the force added that it had not been able to provide an answer to the Private Eye Freedom of Information Act request over the issue to “protect national security and undercover police tactics”.
The statement read:  our behalf.
.”Pre-Approved Financing: What Does a Pre-Approval Mean?
The process of obtaining financing for a large purchase requires preparation and organisation. Expect to provide financial documents, identification and proof of employment. However, applicants no longer need to go into the process cold. Today, online preparation tools exist to help individuals gauge their financial fitness and pre-approved financing chances. The following are some things to consider.
Pre-Approved vs Pre-Qualified
Pre-qualified and pre-approved are used interchangeably, but they are different. Pre-qualified is the first step toward pre-approval, and pre-approval leads to procuring financing.
A lender looks over an applicant’s income, assets and debt during the pre-qualification stage. Each lender has their own standards, but generally, they are assessing an applicant’s financial risk-level. This stage only deals with estimates, and nothing is set in stone. An applicant sees their financial circumstances through the eyes of the lender. You can agree to a credit check, which can take place over the phone. Individuals considered serious applicants are presented financing options.
Pre-approval follows pre-qualification, and takes the process up a notch. Income, employment and credit history are verified. If things check out with a lender, the individual receives a pre-approval letter. The letter lists mortgage options, terms and financing amount, which is an advantage. The only caveat is that the letter is not an official mortgage; it is an estimate based on the most current financial information. It is a sign that the lender believes an applicant is financially viable to pay back the financing borrowed.
Next Steps
A pre-approval letter gives the homebuyer credibility among sellers and other lenders. Your next step is to find the home. Then, officially fill out a home loan application and submit it for rubber stamping.
Pre-Approved Financing Conclusion
Whether you are applying for a mortgage or business loan, our Mortgage House team walks you through the pre-approved financing process. The time and effort prepare you to submit the application, which is when the official approval takes place. Setting your expectations beforehand gives you the opportunity to make adjustments. It also lessens the possibility of rejection.Black is the Color
Black is the Color
(of My True Love's Hair)
..... A Piano Teacher Press Arrangement
Only found at Piano Teacher Press!!
.Black is the Color
.. one of our newer releases
One of America's most tender folk songs!
This beautiful melody is associated with Appalachia by way of Scotland. This sensitive setting is easy enough for an intermediate piano student but expressive enough for adult players. Great choice as an expressive recital piece or slow audition piece at this level of advancement.
Give it a listen!
Out of This World SALE!!
Periodically (we aim for monthly) Piano Teacher Press features its Out of This World SALE!! The Out of this World SALE will feature a Piano Teacher Press product at a discounted price. The product could be any product from our inventory.
Out of This World SALE!!
INCREDIBLE PRICES for this excellent teaching tool for a late elementary to early intermediate piano student. Buying this as a License Edition gives you the ability to make copies of this Piano Teacher Press Product at your studio forever; and for this particular sale ONLY $6.00!! Take advantage of this LIMITED TIME OFFER TODAY!!10 Best Drone Under $100
Drones are getting to be a standout amongst the best time and stimulation toys for nowadays. From kids to old, all love drones. And for this reason, we are here with our review of the best drones under $100 of 2020 for them. Above all, the drones which we have taken in this review are of extraordinary quality, so you can have a ton of fun and fulfill your desire with these drones.
On the off chance that you are particularly searching for drones to purchase a blessing or individual use for any reason, at that point this is the best and ideal place for you to consider! For the starters, best drones under $100 dollars and drones under $50 dollars would be a flawless decision.
You can fly and have a great time with it. On the off chance that you need a proficient drone, at that point, you can investigate purchasing an expert one. The beneath said top 10 drones are ideal for gifting and individual utilize. Presently how about we go to the review? Let’s start!
1. Holy Stone HS170G Night Elven Mini RC Quadcopter Drone
This Drone requires just a single press to begin and land. It is uniquely intended for comfort. To influence the drone’s motor and engines to begin by just squeezing the catch, this will give a more secure flight particularly to amateurs and kids.
At that point push up the throttle stick to give the drone a chance to take off as per your flying expertise. Press it once more, the drone will arrive consistently. Additionally, this drone likewise has the 3D Flip, which enables you to have the brisk and delicate move development and let you feel coolest.
The Cool flips make flying fascinating. It likewise has the Built-in 6-pivot gyro that can undoubtedly actualize different flight developments and 360 degrees 4-ways flip, for example, left, ideal, forward and in reverse, nonstop move for idealizing activity and magnificent execution.
In addition, it has the High-quality Transmitter. The extraordinary development of the curvilinear radian shape joined with the smooth surface for hand-holding feeling.
Perfect and succinct plan with dark and dim and few catches can understand all capacities the drone has. It has the more steady and adaptable to gyro adjustment framework, so you can without much of a stretch fly it wherever you need.
On the off chance that you are the novice and would prefer not to squander a ton of cash on the drone that you may last demolish in light of your absence of abilities then this one is the best for you.
Features:
- Four Gorgeous LED Light
- Left and Right Control Modes
- 3 Speed Modes suitable for many fliers
- Can flip towards any direction you want
- This drone adopts 2.4G 6 Axis Gyro Tech
- Powerful air pressure altitude holds function
- Stream-lined Body can reduce the wind resistance
- No worry being confused with the drone’s direction
- Less interference, more stability, and easy maneuverability
- The function will orient your drone according to your controller
]
- Great price
- Easy to get parts
- Can fly outdoor and indoor
- Landing and return
- Easy to control
- Landing and return
- Great fun
- Easy setup
- Performs good stunts
[/joomdev-wpc-pros][joomdev-wpc-cons]
- We can’t find any cons
[/joomdev-wpc-cons][/joomdev-wpc-pros-cons]
Read Full Review: Holy Stone HS170 Drone
Buy Now: Amazon
Check Deal:
2. Holy Stone HS177 RC Battle Drones with Infrared Emission RTF Quadcopter
This drone is genuinely a distinct advantage that accompanies the best highlights making it an absolute necessity have since it’s best for the majority of the functionalities. At the point when contrasted with huge numbers of the rivals in the drone business, the Holy Stone HS177 RC Battle Drones have turned out to be the best out of various ones out there. The segments of the drone are on the whole fun settling on it a fascinating decision for family and companions.
They lead the pack with regards to rivalry amongst them and have an additional favorable position over the greater part of the contenders. The drone is planned with an infrared outflow quadcopter which can work to support it while engaging others as it can be shoot amid the opposition.
The drone is easy to understand and simple to control while being utilized since it can be made to arrive controlled and gradually making the most intriguing minute to appreciate. It has the immense capacity to take a 360-degree flip by the drone at a press of a catch gives the drone a high ground as a performer in the meantime satisfying different capacities.
It can without much of a stretch take the guidelines from the transmitter which can improve the development when you press the catch, and the drone gives you the opportunity and full control of the bearing you need it to take for it can move left and right, in reverse and forward contingent upon the directions given.
The execution of the Holy Stone HS177 RC Battle Drones is upgraded by the capacity to make a persistent revolution in every one of the headings.
The security while being utilized is intriguing since each drone can move absent much obstruction on the stature that has been set. The security makes it simple to control while being utilized influencing it to ideal for children and amateurs.
The adaptability that is seen in the drone with regards to the headless mode restrains the disarray when flying the drone. Notwithstanding when the separation to be secured is longer, the drone offers the headless method of activity making the bearing of the pilot the head consequently.
The drone gives you flying time of up to 9 minutes, which is tolerable, yet you will find that you might want an additional time when you are having a fabulous time! The drone has highlights made make it simple to control and these incorporate, the departure and landing key and the three methods of speed, crisis stop, and one Key to Adjust LED Light.
Features:
- One Key to Adjust LED Light
- Swift, Stable and Flexible etc
- Easy for everyone to control
- Long Flying Time up to 9mins
- One Key Engine Start/Landing
- Left/Right Hand Control Modes
- 3 Speed Modes and Emergency Stop
- 4 Colors of fuselages for you to choose
- After 4 hits, the HS177 will land slowly
- It is a good assistance for kids and novices
- Low Power Alert and One Key Recalibration
- The front is whichever way the pilot is facing
- The drone will hover steadily at a setting height
- No worry being confused with the drone’s direction
- Interesting function to play with friends and families
- You can defeat the opponent by shooting the infrared
- ]
- Spare battery
- Neat design
- One-touch take-off and landing
- Altitude hold and hover
- Fast charge time
- Fully wireless
- Stable flight
- Very affordable for the quality
[/joomdev-wpc-pros][joomdev-wpc-cons]
- Hard to find any
[/joomdev-wpc-cons][/joomdev-wpc-pros-cons]
Read Full Review: Holy Stone HS177 Drone
Buy Now: Amazon
Check Deal:
3. LBLA FPV Drone with Wi-Fi Camera Live Video Headless Mode
LBLA FPV Drone with Wi-Fi Camera Live Video Headless Mode 2.4GHz 4 CH 6 Axis Gyro RTF RC Quadcopter is the freshest and certainly the best model in a standout amongst the most conspicuous arrangement of drones ever. It is a standout amongst other drones as of now accessible in the market and unquestionably extraordinary compared to another incentive for your cash. This drone is completely self-ruling and basically, anybody can pilot it.
The LBLA FPV Drone with Wi-Fi Camera Live Video Headless Mode 2.4GHz 4 CH 6 Axis Gyro RTF RC Quadcopter is a definitive brilliant drone. The two specs and highlights are conditions of the craftsmanship advancements. The drone is equipped for recognizing and keeping away from objects that it finds in its flight way.
When it loses association with the GPS or remote controller or when 4 CH 6 low on battery, the LBLA FPV Drone with Wifi Camera Live Video Headless Mode 2.4GHz Axis Gyro RTF RC Quadcopter will naturally come back to pilot as a security measure or on summon. The LBLA FPV Drone with Wi-Fi Camera Live Video Headless Mode 2.4GHz 4 CH 6 Axis Gyro RTF RC Quadcopter is crash safe and extremely lightweight.
It is made of one of the most grounded and most light sorts of material. The engines are carbon fiber. Yet, the most imperative thing for you is that the LBLA FPV Drone with Wi-Fi Camera Live Video Headless Mode 2.4GHz 4 CH 6 Axis Gyro RTF RC Quadcopter has the greatest control remove. This is most likely something that you have never observed on a drone inside this value go.
With an effective battery that will give you 25 minutes of flight time, this sounds extremely stunning. The implicit 480P HD camera on the LBLA FPV Drone with Wi-Fi Camera Live Video Headless Mode 2.4GHz 4 CH 6 Axis Gyro RTF RC Quadcopter can shoot top-notch photographs. The drone accompanies the most elevated video recording quality accessible on an inherent camera, and the 4K determination is ideal for recording proficient level video.
Note that the continuous video transmission, FPV, is shown straightforwardly on the worked in screen on the remote controller. The drone is likewise outfitted with Swipe and Fly, an exceptionally valuable element. It enables the flyer to swipe on the screen with its finger, and the drone will naturally fly towards that course.
Features:
- The one-key return feature
- Equipped with 480P HD camera
- Control the drone with the remote control
- Wi-Fi pairing with the phone app, or a combination
- Images and videos were streaming to phone over Wi-Fi
- Headless mode certainly makes things easier for beginners
]
- App-controlled
- Very low price
- Flip function
- Easy setup
- Lights
- Easy setup
- Durable build
- 3D flips
[/joomdev-wpc-pros][joomdev-wpc-cons]
- A little too light
- Poor camera
- No app control mode
[/joomdev-wpc-cons][/joomdev-wpc-pros-cons]
Read Full Review: 6 Axis Gyro RC Drone
Buy Now: Amazon
Check Deal:
4. GoolRC T47 FPV Drone
Drones are turning into another pattern in the cutting edge age. Individuals simply love to fly these little devices, previous aviators confront the issue of bearing a substantial organization quadcopter, yet since the foldable drone went to the photo, everything has changed. Somebody who thinks about drones, the primary thing to state in the wake of seeing the GoolRC T47 FPV Drone, is that it’s awesome in a word.
To be completely forthright, most highlights of the GoolRC T47 FPV Drone is indistinguishable from the Elfie Love Quadcopter. Generally, it is an exceptionally strong item. It’s extraordinary compared to other drones you can purchase for not exactly $ 100. On the off chance that camera and FPV are essential elements for you, I can not call a superior drone than this one at that cost.
With the correct suspension and propeller security, you can fly it inside. It’s very exceptionally learner agreeable, so look at the particulars of the GoolRC T47 FPV Drone, you can state this is a fundamentally the same as look to the Elfie Love Quadcopter.
It has a 3.7V 500mAh Lipo battery and it is made with the utilization of a USB module charger to charge it. The charging procedure takes around 60-70 minutes. The GoolRC T47 FPV Drone weighs around 86g and has measurements of 14.6 x 6.7 x 3.2cm. The GoolRC T47 FPV Drone is a smaller than usual foldable quadcopter, as Elfie Love.
The GoolRC T47 FPV Drone shows up in red when the Elfie is just in pink. It utilizes the 2.4 GHz in mode 2 to speak with the remote. The quadcopter is made of tough ABS. The GoolRC T47 FPV Drone has a 720p camera that can take okay pictures and recordings, and with the blend of the 6 tomahawks that offer these highlights, they are clear. The GoolRC T47 FPV Drone bolsters the 2.4GHz FPV remote.
With the FPV include, you can control the GoolRC T47 FPV Drone and fly it every which way, play out a 3D rollover, fly with the headless mode, or remain stable with the Altitude Hold highlight at a specific height.
The GoolRC T47 FPV Drone can fly around 80 meters from you for around 7-8 minutes when the battery is completely charged. It’s a standout amongst other smaller than normal drones for catching selfies. Its little size truly bids to us.
With its Wi-Fi, you can control and fly this drone with our cell phone. It is prepared to fly a drone, so apprentices require not stress while purchasing this drone does not accompany a remote control; you need a cell phone that fills in as a remote control and viewfinder too. The GoolRC T47 FPV Drone as a control separation of 80 meters and 7-8 minutes flight time.
Features:
- It looks like a mouse
- Smoothly maintain good control
- With built-in positioning system
- It is very easy to use even for the beginner
- The drone can auto locate the remote control
- The direction will be the same as your remote controller
- This drone can perform the 360-degree flips roll with one key
- 360 degree aversion function for you to have a cool flying]
- Speed selector
- Easy to fly
- Small and easy to travel with
- Two batteries
- Great to fly indoors
- Flip mode
- Great HD camera
- Excellent price
[/joomdev-wpc-pros][joomdev-wpc-cons]
- Long charge time
- Low battery life
[/joomdev-wpc-cons][/joomdev-wpc-pros-cons]
Read Full Review: GoolRC T47 Drone
Buy Now: Amazon
Check Deal:
5. EACHINE E58 WIFI FPV Quadcopter
There are numerous drones available which include the greater part of the characteristics in addition to a lot more. Individuals additionally look towards drone as a side interest; likewise, a few people require a spending offer. Some are new to the innovation and need to have a go at something first and make up their psyches. Indeed, you have to look no further.
The pictures are fresh, clear and the quality is extraordinary. You can contrast it with any top of the line wireless and this will turn out on par. Additionally, this has an element called an elevation hold mode, which will enable you to record great top quality recordings without every one of the vibrations and shaking in the picture.
A standout amongst other things about this model is the battery time. Regularly, the drones of this size are fit for around 5-6 minutes of flight time. You can utilize only one key to hold it at a specific elevation.
With this order, the drone will hold it’s position and settle itself, drifting in static so you can take those astonishing pictures with just about zero exertion. Talking about adjustment the drone highlights wind protection innovation as well, and remains stable amid solid whirlwinds, making it appropriate for both indoor and outside utilization.
In any case, the EACHINE E58 WIFI FPV Quadcopter highlights a battery which can surrender it to twofold the flight time of drones of comparative size. The drone itself is exceptionally lightweight. This weighs only 96 grams. Stunning! You can take a gander at that water bottle in your grasp that is the manner by which light this thing is.
Its 7.5 cm wide, 5cm high, and 12.5cm long, so it overlays and fits in any sack, agreeable. This is the most extreme accommodation you can have with a drone. The engine itself is separable. This implies that you needn’t bother with any sort of welding to append it to the casing.
The same goes for the arms, once more, simply for the client. Another cool element is that separated from utilizing it with the standard issue remote control, you can utilize it on your cell phone too. Just introduced the application the way you ordinarily do.
How stunning is that? The Direction Hold highlight enables you to draw a directional direction on your cell phone and this astounding little gadget will take after your correct order. In the event that that isn’t sufficiently simple, we don’t comprehend what it.
The bundle accompanies the quadcopter itself, alongside the transmitter, the 3.7V 500mAh Lipo Battery, the USB charging link, 4 insurance covers, 4 save cutting edges, a screwdriver, and a client manual. The way it is bundled inside when you open the crate is additionally exceptionally slick.
We suggest that you keep the bundling and box to keep it sorted out. The power catch is anything but difficult to discover. It lies just to finish everything. The completing is likewise extraordinary. Steel green color with a carbon fiber-like matt wraps up.
This looks astounding. On the off chance that you need a visual reference to what this seems as though, you can envision the Bat mobile from the Dark Knight Trilogy. Just, this one isn’t unpleasant around the edges. Decreased and smooth. Simply taking a gander at the photos will urge you to purchase this exclusive for how smooth it looks.
The fuselage is totally foldable. Subsequently, the 3-inch measure fits in the palm of your hands. Simply crease the propellers and arms when not being used and you can convey it in your pocket.
Features:
- Clever folding design
- Easy to control the UAV
- Atmospheric pressure one key set high
- Comes with a 2.0MP 720P wide-angle camera
- Small fuselage contains excellent performance
- Provide wide range high definition pictures and video
- Stable hover, from any angle shooting, is convenient
- Can be easily through the remote control for a key to take off or landing
]
- Durable drone
- Speed selector
- Very affordable for the quality
- App-controlled
- Spare battery
- One-touch take off
- Excellent price
- Mobile compatible
[/joomdev-wpc-pros][joomdev-wpc-cons]
- Blades can break off easily
- Only one battery
- Short flight time
[/joomdev-wpc-cons][/joomdev-wpc-pros-cons]
Read Full Review: Eachine E58 Wi-Fi FPV Drone
Buy Now: Amazon
Check Deal:
6. Holy Stone HS150 Bolt Bee Mini Racing Drone RC Quadcopter
Sacred Stone HS150 is a High-Speed Racing Quadcopter. It incorporates high voltage control engine for speedy quickening. Likewise, this drone is exceptionally strong and simple to fly ideal out of the case. The HS150 is, therefore, a huge amount of enjoyable to fly, particularly inside where flying through tight spaces can be to a greater extent a test.
Ideal for the most fledgling to a specialist flyer, the HS150 offers 2 powerful batteries to twofold your flight time and is one drone you’re certain to appreciate. Simply don’t buzz around excessively!
This drone accompanies a removable battery which makes it simple to revive. After some time the battery will debase, yet another one can be requested. Simply look in the manual for the part number.
There is a wire that associates the battery to the drone, which hangs off to the side and looks somewhat odd, yet this does not influence the flight execution of the drone. It takes around 30 minutes to charge the battery, and you get around 8 minutes of genuine flight time.
We do recommend that you get additional batteries so you don’t need to hold up to energize the battery before flying once more. There are three-speed settings that additionally influence the yaw rate with each level.
In the low setting, the drone has a moderate reaction; however, this is ideal for learners. The fun is to be found in the mid and high rate settings. The yaw is still a bit on the moderate side, however, the pitch rate more than makes up for this.
You will have a great deal of fun inside or outside since you will have exact control of your drone since this drone is so responsive and extremely solid if there should be an occurrence of accidents.
The spinner works faultlessly, making the drone drift set up with no issue subsequent to trimming it, and it is brisk and flexibility. It has the component of headless mode, which implies that the drone situates itself to the remote control as opposed to on any heading. This element is extremely helpful, particularly outside where you can’t precisely know the introduction of the drone.
This drone has astounding execution and is an extraordinary incentive at the cost. It has a couple of downsides, as specified in this survey, yet general it ends up as a winner. This drone flies well, is anything but difficult to control and children can utilize this with no issues.
It looks little, yet has tolerable responsive execution and is fairly powerful. It can deal with knocks, crashes and falls great. Above all, this drone is extremely amusing to fly.
Features:
- 4-Ways Flip
- Functional Modular design
- 2.4GHz 6 Axis Gyro Stability
- Great entry level racing drone
- Suitable for pilots of any level
- Easy to be installed and stored
- Bonus Batteries Double the Flying Time
- High power motors for quick acceleration
- Comes with 2PCS of Modular Li-Po Battery
- Achieve 50km/h High Speed within seconds
- The orientation of the drone is a relation to the pilot
- Implement various flight movements and continuous roll
- Easier to control and fly back when the drone is out of mode
- Full functions
- Easy setup
- Mobile compatible
- 360-degree flips
- Easy to fly
- Cheap
- Headless
[/joomdev-wpc-pros][joomdev-wpc-cons]
- No spare battery
- No camera
- No spare battery included
[/joomdev-wpc-cons][/joomdev-wpc-pros-cons]
Read Full Review
: Holy Stone HS150 Drone
Buy Now: Amazon
Check Deal:
7. Holy Stone HS160 Shadow FPV RC Drone
It is unquestionably a great drone; rather, it is all around furnished with such a large number of highlights that it will make your experience energizing and fun. Above all, it likewise has a 720P camcorder. With height hold work, one can without much of a stretch take great quality aeronautical pictures.
Utilizing the capacity is very simple, you are just required to discharge the throttle and the contraption itself will drift in a solitary position in mid-air. The scope of video transmission is about 50 meters, which is all that anyone could need for a large portion of the indoor and outside spots.
Also, in spite of the fact that it has a significant low determination, numerous item clients have noticed that pictures are in reality high in quality. The drone can be effortlessly balanced through 4-speed modes. Regardless of whether you are a beginner or have just flown a drone previously, you will be effectively ready to discover the speed extend that rushes you the best.
For the night flights, this drone has worked in LED lights which help with permeability amid evening time. Blessed Stone HS160 Shadow FPV RC Drone transmitter has an easy to understand the plan. It includes a minor LCD screen that can be anticipated to change the settings of the principle transmitter.
The throttle can be utilized to control the flight of the drone and that can likewise be discharged that enables the contraption to coast at a solitary spot mid-air. With this quadcopter, you too have the choice of utilizing your cell phone as the transmitter. You will then need to download the cell phone web application so you can further to utilize it as the remote controller.
The portable application utilizes gravity sensors that control the development of the entire gadget. Flying the drone is very basic notwithstanding for the amateurs’. You don’t have to alter or modify the course looked by the quadcopter at the season of take-off and notwithstanding amid mid-flight. With a headless component, it will positively dependably move as indicated by the course of the transmitter.
At just 3.8 ounces in weight, you will never need to enlist this quadcopter with the FAA, as they have changed the standards as of late. In any case, make certain to completely charge your drone before taking out for even a little flight; utilize the USB link charger found inside the case, it will, for the most part, take around 60 minutes. Inability to charge it or not having the capacity to use everything the day at your impulses may bring about a concise flight time.
Once your drone is 100% charged, you would then be able to interface it to the transmitter. At the point when both the drone and the transmitter effectively settled an association with the transmitter, you would now be able to utilize the one catch squeezing to dispatch it. It isn’t particularly at whatever point you need to arrive, you would then be able to drive a similar catch more than once and it will, in any case, fly securely to the ground.
Your drone modifies through 4-speed modes, through different trial and mistakes; you can get the most helpful speed as indicated by your experience level and enthusiasm. At the best speeds, the drone is truly quick. In spite of the fact that this is a passage level item, it appears this gadget can most likely perform numerous astounding traps.
It can without much of a stretch do smooth 3D flips in all course of lines; additionally, one can influence it to do ceaseless rolls only for some additional good times. These traps are very smooth, intensely in view of the immovability offered by the 6-hub gyro.
The FPV camera dependably looks ahead, with the goal that it may be a significant test to take a couple of ethereal recordings. That said and done, you can discharge controls to enable the gadget to drift at an elevation and afterward take an unfaltering and clear video. In the headless mode, one can likewise utilize the one, key back element to guide their drone to the transmitter.
This is significantly more accommodating in situations where you actually lose control of the gadget. On the off chance that your drone can’t fly, you can simply check the engines. The producer has made the engines effortlessly replaceable, and they even supply a little screwdriver for settling the engines.
Features:
- Equipped with 720P HD camera
- Easy to shoot and read, fun to share
- Provides a better and safer flight experience
- Allows players of any level to fly the drone easily
- There are 2 powerful 3.7V 500mAh Modular batteries
- Foldable & flexible blades make the drone small and portable
- This modular design ensures the safety of charge and storage
- Operate your drone through an APP after connecting the Wi-Fi
- Images and videos will be stored in both the app and the mobile
- Camera
 technology
- Great handling
- Fantastic price
- Quality model
- Custom route mode
- Easy to find parts
- Great for beginners
[/joomdev-wpc-pros][joomdev-wpc-cons]
- Not Headless
- Short flying time
- The camera is not very good
[/joomdev-wpc-cons][/joomdev-wpc-pros-cons]
Read Full Review
: Holy Stone HS160 Drone
Buy Now: Amazon
Check Deal:
8. TOZO Q1012 X8tw Drone RC Quadcopter
The Tozo X8TW offers something extremely uncommon. A decent cost, advantageous and subjective plan and additionally a stellar execution, all moved into one awesome drone. Most importantly, we have to discuss the execution and what makes the Sky hunter so exceptionally unique. It is one of the main quadcopters that I would prescribe to fledglings, veterans, and everybody in the middle.
More often than not, a quad is either simple to fly which is incredible for tenderfoots, however, exhausting for experts. Or on the other hand, they are spry and quick which is awesome for experienced flyers however unthinkable for apprentices to control.
Presently, this drone has 3 distinct modes that work superbly and is certain to have one that fits you splendidly. It has a “simple mode” which makes the quad inconceivably steady and solid with a delicate expectation to absorb information. This is clearly perfect for apprentices. But, on the off chance that you are a more experienced pilot or on the off chance that you are prepared to proceed onward from the simple mode, At that point, it likewise has a mid-level and games mode.
The medium mode makes the quadcopter significantly speedier and dexterous yet not really as to be crazy. While the games mode wrenches everything up to a 100, which means it turns out to be quick, unfathomably fun yet in addition a great deal harder to fly.
With the Skyhunter you can go from an apprentice to an expert flyer while never requiring another quad. This is a foldable pocket drone, which makes it staggeringly advantageous. It isn’t as little as most small quadcopters which I sincerely extremely like, particularly since you can simply overlay it together and all of a sudden it can fit in a developed man’s hand.
It additionally has a coordinated 720p camera, which accompanies an exceptionally easy to understand application to control and watch film from your telephone. While 720p isn’t fabulous, it is the thing that you can expect in this value class and the camera is the main capacity that this quad does not over-perform at, so you can not so much whine.
The remote is incredible. It is particularly similar to a PlayStation controller, which I truly appreciate. So on the off chance that you know about reassures gaming then the controls should feel exceptionally well-known to you. The TOZO X8tw drone keeps running on a recurrence of 2.4 GHz which is utilized so there is less impedance.
It has a flying reach if controlled by an IOS/Android mobile phone of around 80 meters. on the off chance that it is controlled by its official remote then its range is 100 meters. It takes roughly 80 minutes to charge the battery and the flight time is around 6-7 minutes.
88% of the client who purchased the drone have evaluated it with 5 stars. It’s anything but difficult to bear with you in it’s collapsed state with the wings and legs of the drone collapsed in. The drone is controlled by the included remote control which has every one of the controls required to do everything with this drone.
It likewise incorporates a separable telephone holder so you can record when flying. The inherent camera is can be controlled by IOS/Android mobile phone by means of the TOZO drone application which can be downloaded from the Q code on the crate.
There is a manual included which gives you fundamental directions on the best way to do everything. The remote control is like an amusement controller, it’s anything but difficult to hold and it has simple catch controls. There is one catch taken off and a one-catch arrive that makes flying for an amateur simple.
This drone can fly at 3 distinct paces and furthermore has a height control catch so you can hold it unfaltering on the off chance that you need to take photos or video. There is the alternative to kill the drove lights that are on the propeller arms to spare battery control, despite the fact that they are fundamental around evening time to keep sight of your drone.
Features:
- Foldable Design
- Bring it anywhere
- Phone direct control
- Real-Time HD camera
- Headless Security Mode
- One key takeoff and landing
- You can release the throttle stick
- Charging Time: About 80 Minutes
- The pilot can fly the drone to any location
- Help beginner to prevent from losing the direction
- Super easy to fly & easy to shoot quality images or videos with WIFI
]
- Can be flown using phone’s accelerometer
- Fun to fly
- Easy to use
- Can be flown using phone’s accelerometer
- Neat design
- Good camera
- Can be flown using phone’s accelerometer
- Headless mode
[/joomdev-wpc-pros][joomdev-wpc-cons]
- Video not very stable
- So syncing required
- No spare parts
[/joomdev-wpc-cons][/joomdev-wpc-pros-cons]
Read Full Review: TOZO Q1012 X8tw Drone
Buy Now: Amazon
Check Deal:
9. Parrot Minidrone Mambo with Cannon and Grabber Accessories
The Parrot Mambo is a lightweight scaled down drone that went for the clients who need to figure out how to fly a drone and the fundamental mechanics. It completed an incredible act of making itself easy to use and pragmatic. The Parrot Mambo accompanies a 14+ rating and it is indexed as a side interest drone.
It is prepared to fly appropriate out-of-the-container and the control framework happens through the free flight smaller than usual application. This application can be downloaded for iOS and also Android and it accompanies a wide range of highlights that make the drone simple to pilot in any circumstance.
The mambo has a 0.3-megapixel vertical camera and added a few traps that are modified straightforwardly into the application giving you more noteworthy levels of accuracy and control amid flight. The fundamental highlights for this drone incorporate its separable snatching paw, its capacity to shoot little BB pellets from a standard connection, it’s locally available 0.3-megapixel camera, the included flying application controls and in addition the versatile development.
The drone accompanies a flight control adjustment and in addition an ultrasound to avert mishaps and in addition, keeps up the flight way amid task. The departure and landing control likewise help to defend this drone from mischances.
On the off chance that you are searching for a side interest drones that is to a great degree simple to fly and simple to select ideal from the case, this could be only the sort of drone you might search for.
The general outline of this drone is certainly to suit the side interest advertise. While it includes a lithium polymer battery, a solid edge, and an incredible form quality, the plan of this drone may not be very as strong as a portion of alternate models available in a full-sized organization.
A portion of the coolest highlights of outline in this model are the fun highlights, for example, the hooking paw and the BB firearm connection. These things may not be for each drone client, in any case. In the event that you are searching for a fun leisure activity drone, this is a fun and natural decision.
The battery life on this drone is certainly superior to a portion of the others in an indistinguishable size range from the drone. A smaller than expected drone doesn’t permit much additional space for battery space and this drone can fly in the vicinity of seven and 9 min. on its flight.
The medication makers recommended it can likewise be energized in only 25 min. in any case, by and large; the drone will take an hour to completely charge for the longest flight ways. The drone performs especially well in its flight tests.
The departure and landing orders are really magnificent and with the solid development and simple charge time, the execution is very useful for the measure of the drone. While a bigger full-measure drone could convey an enhanced execution encounter, the parrot has completed a great job making controls which are basic for novice drone pilots to learn and an ace.
The control run on this drone is altogether lower than a few contenders. With a working separation of under 200 feet, you need to remain genuinely near this drone while it is inactivity. Parrot does not have any kind of flag extender for this model either.
With a 0.3 megapixel camera on board, this isn’t a drone that you will use for catching proficient quality pictures. It can catch the video at 60 outlines for every second except the picture quality can now and again be grainy and misshaped because of the nature of the camera included which must be scaled down for flight.
Features:
- Plastic, Imported
- Flypad controller 200 feet range
- One accessory for each adventure
- Tested and certified by the manufacturer
- Do fun acrobatics such as flips and barrel rolls
- High-tech sensors work to provide optimal stability
- The refurbishing process includes functionality testing
- Control your Mini Drone using the FreeFlight Mini app or the]
- Reversible camera
- All the features
- Easy to fly and land
- Good headless mode
- App-controlled
- Nice design
- Good headless mode
- One-touch return
[/joomdev-wpc-pros][joomdev-wpc-cons]
- No Wi-Fi
- Poor camera
- No spare battery
[/joomdev-wpc-cons][/joomdev-wpc-pros-cons]
Read Full Review: Parrot Mambo Drone
Buy Now: Amazon
Check Deal:
10. Holy Stone F181C RC Quadcopter Drone
Once more Holy Stone created a standout amongst the most well-known drones in its value go. F181 has discharged about a year prior and it made awesome progress around the world. Truth be told, this model introduced Holy Stone organization to the western market. Blessed Stone F181 configuration is very basic for a quadcopter.
It would be a lie on the off chance that I revealed to you it’s the most excellent drone I’ve ever observed or something to that effect. In any case, you will like it, it looks great and when you hold it you can feel it’s not some shabby toy. Construct quality is great as I would like to think. It has LED lights on the base, which is regular “component” in every single new drone. Blue lights forward, and red lights in reverse.
This will make your life considerably less demanding on the off chance that you choose to fly it amid the night, which I particularly like. One cooler thing about F181 is LED light on its nose; this should enable you to decide its position when flying it amid day or night. This drone comes completely fitted with a 2MP camera. This camera can record recordings at 30 casings and take snaps 720p determination.
This most likely doesn’t mean much to you so I’ll endeavor to show it. This camera can’t be considered as an expert camera, it is far from that. But, that doesn’t mean it’s futile, in all actuality it’s extremely pleasant camera for no particular reason purposes. It’s not preferable nor more awful over different cameras in this value run drones.
Recordings and photographs are put away on the default 2GB SD card which comes incorporated into the bundle. 2GB ought to be sufficient for every one of your needs. On the off chance that it’s not, you can undoubtedly embed SD card with more storage room. At the base of this survey, you can see an example of video and photograph it records/catches.
In this value run, normal flight time is someplace around 6-7 minutes while control remove is under 100 meters. Blessed Stone F181 has a marginally better flight time of 7-9 minutes, while control run is in the vicinity of 50 and 100 meters, relies upon nature.
Keep in mind that, you’ll get the additional battery in the bundle so you can fundamentally fly 2×8 minutes. I would say, that is all that anyone could need! When you increase some flying aptitudes, I trust you ought to approve of evacuating landing rigging and propeller defenders.
Doing this you’ll decrease drone add up to weight, which will enhance its motility and increment add up to flight time. Try not to do this until the point when you feel sufficiently great to arrive drone without landing gear. This drone accompanies an easy to use the transmitter, which has a little, yet clear LCD screen.
It works the quadcopter’s Headless Security System and ensures that a pilot dependably has finish control of his drone. Hitting the one-key return prevents it from progressing too rapidly. It gives the drone an effective scope of around 100m. The transmitter likewise accompanies customizable settings. A pilot can control the throttle catch’s affectability. The settings are found on the transmitter’s LED show.
The Holy Stone F181 quadcopter is a dynamic little quadcopter that each proprietor would be glad to add to his arms stockpile. New pilots would need to know how best to utilize it. On the off chance that you are an F181 client, Quadcopter Arena has accommodating guidance for you. There is additionally a helpful manual for you to download.
You would appreciate the gadget’s one-key, Headless Security highlight, which keeps it from taking off base. The height hold work, which empowers it to drift set up, is another component that you would love. What you would savor is that this drone can flip, at 360 degrees, in four ways. It can stay noticeable all around for a generally long 10 minutes, because of its extra batteries.
Features:
- One Key 360° 4-Ways Flip
- Come With Two Batteries
- Range about 50-100 Meters
- Charging Time about 80 Minutes
- Battery Flight Time about 7-9 Minutes
- Powerful air pressure altitude holds function
- Easy for you to shoot quality images or videos
- Equipped with One Key Return & Headless Security System
- Continuous Roll for Perfect Action and Wonderful]
- Folds to small size
- Auto take off and land
- Easy to fly
- Two batteries
- Spare blades
- Headless
- 360-degree flips
- No FAA registration
[/joomdev-wpc-pros][joomdev-wpc-cons]
- No one touch
- Very light, may not be good for outdoors on windy days
[/joomdev-wpc-cons][/joomdev-wpc-pros-cons]
Read Full Review: Holy Stone F181C Drone
Buy Now: Amazon
Check Deal:
What are the best drones under $100 Features to look for?
You don’t need to spend a great deal of cash to get a decent automaton. Numerous great items can be gotten to at under 100 dollars. Without a doubt, you won’t get the best quality automaton available. Certain excellent highlights are not available at higher costs. In this area of the post, we will enable you to pick the best automaton under 100 dollars that are appropriate for you. Here are a few angles and highlights you ought to consider when looking for an automaton under 100 dollars:
Camera
Most drones in this value extend don’t have a top-notch camera. Those with cameras are typically ailing in different highlights. The camera is more vital to individuals who are keen on aeronautical photography. When looking for an automaton with a camera, you ought to likewise check whether it can transmit live bolsters from the quad copter’s point of view. Others can essentially take pictures. Quad copters under 100 dollars are probably not going to have great cameras, however despite everything you have to check the photograph and video determination of your camera. On the off chance that you are not precisely keen on elevated photography, you can pick a gadget with higher execution and basically join a keychain camera.
Gyro Stabilization
The gyrator is intended to detect the precise speed of the automaton and, along these lines, keep it stable while in movement. In a perfect world, you ought to run for a quad copter with the 6-pivot gyro. These have two 3-hub gyros and are more impervious to uprooting when flying. In the event that you pick a lighter automaton, you ought to consider flying it inside since the climate can influence the dependability of the gadget. Producers generally express the quality of the breeze that would influence the quad copter, and these rules ought to be taken after entirely. Else, you may wind up losing your automaton.
Range
The separation you can fly the automaton can be anything more than 50 meters. Children and unpracticed flyers will appreciate utilizing an automaton with a scope of just 50 meters. Notwithstanding, other individuals may need to get one with a scope of no less than 100 meters. This is typically the best accessible range for drones under 100 dollars. In a few spots, flying drones past your level of sight are restricted or even denied. In the event that you live in a territory with such laws, you shouldn’t concern yourself much with finding a quad copter with a long range.
Headless Flying Mode
A few drones under 100 dollars are composed headless. And this feature makes it simpler to work the quad copter. This element enables you to fly the automaton with no respect to the leader of the gadget. Rather, the automaton will move as for the course of the remote controller. The headless flying mode is especially essential to amateurs since they don’t have enough experience flying such gadgets.
Height Hold Mode
Firmly identified with the 360-degree flip component is the elevation hold mode. This component enables the automaton to drift noticeably all around and even climb or plummet, making it much simpler to control. With the height hold mode, you will have the capacity to concentrate more on the lift controls and aileron since you don’t have to focus on the throttle stick. This component is best utilized as a part of quiet conditions since wind can influence the elevation readings of the automaton.
Charging Time
The batteries can take up to 2 hours to charge completely. You ought to consider the charging time when looking for an automaton under 100 dollars, particularly on the off chance that you don’t plan to get additional batteries. Individuals with various batteries can simply charge them daily previously and appreciate flying the quad copter for quite a while the next day. To appreciate longer flights, you may need to dispose of the camera since it adds weight to the automaton. Likewise, the cameras are typically intended to associate with the copter, and this devours the battery speedier. You can redesign your battery, in spite of the fact that this may, in the long run, make the quad copter heavier.
One-key return
This element will influence your automaton to return to the remote controller with the push of a solitary catch. A few gadgets in this value extend additionally have a one-key take-off component which flies your automaton when you press the given catches. These highlights are perfect for unpracticed flyers since the quad copter can without much of a stretch get lost when it escapes locating.
Weight
The heaviness of the automaton will influence its speed. In the event that you are searching for a dashing automaton, make certain to go for a light one. For the best execution, you may need to forsake different highlights, for example, the principal individual view camera. In the event that your automaton is heavier, you may need to enroll it before flying it out of the blue. Lightweight drones are additionally not appropriate for use in an unforgiving climate. Such gadgets are normally intended to be utilized inside.
Save Parts Availability
As a new kid on the block flyer, you will more likely than not pulverize your quad copter as you figure out how to fly it. That is the reason makers, as a rule, incorporate extra parts in the container. For an automaton under 100 dollars, you should search for no less than four additional propellers and one small-scale screwdriver. The crate ought to likewise have a charger for your battery. On the off chance that your automaton has a camera connected to it, you ought to likewise anticipate that a USB link will exchange the photos and recordings to your PC or telephone.
360 Degree Flip
A few drones under 100 dollars likewise accompany the 360-degree flip component. This can be engaging, particularly for kids. You basically need to push a catch, and the automaton will flip.
The Controller
The controller or transmitter is intended to enable you to control the quad copter remotely and remotely. On the off chance that you are searching for an interest grade quad copter, you should discover a controller with no less than four channels.
Most quad copters have controllers with 2.4 GHz recurrence. In the event that you need longer ranges, you should search for those with bring down frequencies. Your controller ought to likewise have an ergonomic feel, which means the keys and catches ought to be very much situated. The ideal approach to tell how a transmitter feels in the hand is by alluding to client audits.
The Flight Time
Drones are intended to fly for constrained periods. Items inside this value extend will undoubtedly have short flight times, however, you can without much of a stretch get one that can fly for 10 minutes. The most limited flight time ought to be five minutes. You can stretch the flight time by purchasing extra batteries. At times, the automaton will require resting time between flights, so you should read through your manual first. Utilizing the automaton in reasonable climate will enable you to fly it for a more drawn out period since it can turn and make different developments effortlessly.
The Warranty
Drones are secured by guarantee understandings, and these can be utilized to evaluate the nature of the item. Commonly, quad copters of lower quality will have shorter guarantees while those of higher quality will have more maintenance agreements. It is imperative to experience the understanding and the client manual since not a wide range of harms will be secured.
What is a drone?
In the course of recent years, drones have turned out to be to a great degree mainstream. You may have seen them on the web, at retail chains, or even at the market. We’d jump at the chance to give you a short diagram to demonstrate to you what they are and why they are so famous.
Drone is an expansive term that can allude to any unmanned flying machine. In any case, it ordinarily alludes to a multicolor. A multicolor has at least three propellers that can be utilized to float or fly toward any path. The most widely recognized write is a quad copter, which has four propellers.
There are incalculable drones to look over, and they arrive within a scope of sizes. The littlest ones can fit in the palm of your hand, and some cost under $50. But, a considerable lot of these do exclude cameras. Bigger drones, as a rule, have top-notch cameras, and they may have other propelled highlights. Top of the line drones can cost a great many dollars.
Generally, elevated recordings required a full-sized plane or helicopter. Drones would now be able to do huge numbers of similar things for considerably less expensive. Accordingly, YouTube is loaded with beautiful elevated recordings taken by the two stars and novices. Not all drones require a pilot. A large number of them can fly themselves, guided by GPS, and some can even stay away from deterrents.
This is known as self-rule: as such, the drone can settle on choices all alone with no human info. A few drones have a tail me mode, which is utilized by numerous activity sports aficionados. In this mode, the drone will tail you at a protected separation and handle the majority of the camerawork, as in the video beneath.
Final Verdict
Buying a drone is easy. But to find out the Best Drones Under $100 is a little bit tough! We have made it easy for you! All of our selected drones are best among other Drones Under $100. We have spent enough time to review them and after considering all the must-have features we have discussed above we picked them. So, you can trust all of them and can purchase any of the drones from our Best Drones Under $100 review. Yet, if you need any further information on the drone, please feel free to leave your comment. Our experts will reach you shortly!- FabricContent:100% Wool.
- Size Range:XS-XXXL
- Net weight (kg):0.82
- Net volume (l):0
- WashInstructions:Machine wash 30°C, using wool cycle. Use wool detergent.
- Country of Origin:China
- Gender:Unisex
- Series:Rav||Rav
Best sellerunisex
Rav sweater w/zip
The original RAV sweater in 100 % mulesing free wool
The original! A wonderfully warm and comfy wool sweater. Is this Norway’s most popular wool sweater?
Color: Charcoal Melange
1 300 kr
Details
- Is this Norway’s most popular wool sweater?
- Great for any occasion.
- For those who like wool and want a more versatile sweater.
- Oeko tex certified..
- Color:Charcoal Melange
- Size:LAcoustic Guitars
- Code:
- GUIT004
- Width:
- 0.40m
- Height:
- 1.05m
- Depth:
- 0.10m
- Weight:
- 3kg
- Material:
- Various
- Quantity:
- 1
Based on the dimensions of this prop, we suggest a Transit would be large enough to collect or transport this item.
Vehicle selection is a suggestion and provided only as a guideline only. Please contact us if you have further questionsTHii BRECON PdSTiNQ and LIVERY STABLES LION STREET. Brakes Wagonettes, Landaua, and Vehioles of every esoription. Smart Wedding Equipages. Modern Hearses and Mourning Comohes. We hav" given oar onatoraers oomplete atisfaoticn tor nearly 50 years and respectfully olicit your patronage. D. J. MEDCALFE, Proprietor; FOR QUALITY in all kinds of FISH, MEATS and FRUITS in Tins and Glass Jars, at Lowest Prices. MEREDITHND SONS. THE STORES, BRECON. Telephone: yl3. Telegrams: Stores, Brecon.
PREPAID SCALE. Telegrams: TTMES, Brecon. Telephone P.O. 12. BRECON COUNTY TIMES fHE BULWARK &- LION STREET BRECON. Charges for Advertisements. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS re- lating to SITUATIONS VACANT AND WANTED, APARTMENTS, BOARD AND LODGING, To LET, FOR SALE, LOST AND FOUKD, &c., &G.; will be inserted in the "Brecon County Times" at the following rates :— One Three No. of Words. Insertion. Insertions. 15 or Less 9d 1/6 16 to 20 1/- 2/; 21 25 1/3 2/6 26 30 1/6 3/- 31 35 1/9 3/6 36 40 2/- 4/- Additional words at the rate of 3d for I every five (or portion of five) for one inser- tion and 6d for three insertions. Stamps are not accepted ir payment. Advertisements will be charged at I DOUBLE the Above Rates if booked. I PUBLIC NOTICES, MEETINGS, CONCERTS, Ac. 3/- per inch Bingle column. SALES BY AUCTION 3/- per inch single column. PARLIAMENTARY NOTICES AND; PROSPECTUSES 1/- per line. LEGAL & OFFICIAL NOTIOES: 6d. per line. BIRTHS, MARRIAGES, & DEATHS, ACKNOW- LEDGMENTS, AND IN MEMORIAM NOTICES: 6d per line, minimum charge 2/6. THE BRECON COUNTY TIMES > will b6 sent to any part of the United Kingdom at the following rates prepaid; 52 weeks 10/10 26 5/5 13 2/9 And abroad at the Usual Rates Replies to Advertisements of the "Wanted" Class are received at he "County iimeii'' UuiOtJfc iieo 01 await the call of the Advertiser; if it is deeired to have them forwarded, an extra sum of 3d must accompany the advertise- ment. In all cases where advertisers use box numbers or initials, c/o "County Times" Offices, written replies must be sent per- sonal enquiries cannot be entertained. Persons" answering advertisements of situations vacant are advised to Bend copies of testimonials only, intimating that the originals will be produced if require.
Births, Marriages & Deaths. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS. Mr. J. Moses and family beg to thank all sympathisers, also all friends that sent floral tributes. Mr. Thomas Morgan, Garfanell House, Talybont, wishes to thank his numerous friends for their kind smypathy in his bereavement, and also for floral tributes sent. "I'- ,rt._P_=o:8"
Situations Vacant & Wanted. AGENTS required by old-established firm for tlie Sale of Fertilisers direct to farmers.—Write Box 191 "F," Smith's, 21, Bush Lane, London, E.C. -T- A PPRENTICE Wanted, to the Print- ing Trade. Apply Manager, 'County Times," Brecon. COOK-General Wanted, comfortable C situation, house-parlourmaid kept. Apply. with references, Mrs. Houghton, Stuart House, Edwards Terrace, Cardiff. COOK, good plain cooking also Wardmaid wanted for the Breck- nock County and Borough Infirmary, Brecon.—Apply Matron. GOVERNESS (young) required in farm house for three children (girls) state qualifications, etc.— Mrs. .Jones, The Holme, Lyonshall, Hereford- shire. WANTED, Nurse Girl—Apply Mrs, D. J. Thomas, Talachddu Farm. recon. WANTED Waggoner experienced married.—Apply deWinton. ri yny-cae, iiiccun. WANTED Shepherd to take charge of flock of Mountain Sheep, Glamorganshire. House and coal found in addition to full scheduled rate.— Apply Box 110. County Times Brecon. WANTED Cook-General and House- parlourmaid three in family. Mrs Rees, Glandare, Aberdare. WANTED good strong youth, 17 to 18 indoors.—Apply personally, Hargest. Camden Arms, Brecon. WANTED Working Housekeeper for farm, mile out of Brecon two in family small dairy.—Box 62, "County Times," Brecon. 41 WANTED for Llanwrthwl Rectory near Rhayader, early in August, good General Servant, plain cooking, good references essential, country place, station near, state wages required.— Apply Mrs Jones, Cockett Vicarage, Swansea. WANTED, experienced Cook- General baking family two three servants. Apply, stating age. wages, reference, Hon. Mrs. Green, Jesmond, Stow Park, Newport, Mon. WANTED, Agent for the sale of well-known Liverpool Compound Cakes and Meals must have good farmers' coiinection.-Appli-, with full particulars to Cakes," Birchall's Advertising Offi( e Liverpool. \Y/ANTED, a young General Servant, able to take charge of house and six children wife in delicate health and in business wages 32s. month state by letter.—Mrs. Margaret Morris, 26, Silver Street, Llanfaes, Brecon. VY/ANTED at once. Carter for two horses, permanent job, good wages.—Apply, with references, E., County Times," Brecon. IW ANTED, an experienced Genial.— Apply M. Davies, 24, High Street, Brecon. WANTED, a young girl as House- maid Waitress. — Apply Mrs. Powell. Swan Hotel, Hay. W/ANTED, immediately, Farm Hand able to dt all work.— Apply Morris, LIandefaelog, Talgarth. WANTED, reliable Man to attend to stock and garden.—Apply, Elston, Brecon, \Y ANTED a steady man used to horses, to look after yard and stables, and make himself useful.—Apply, Dot, Brecon. \Y/ANTED a smart girl as Waitress for Commercial and Coffee Room. —Auyilv, Phillips. New Lion Hotel Brecon. To Let and Wanted WANTED small furnished House or Rooms, in or near Brecon end of June.—Box 22, "County Times," Brecon. QANTYWENALLT Farm, Talybont- ■ on-Usk, for sale privately. Acreage about 84 rent JE50, game £ 2— £ 52 per annum about 1 acres of Inroh plantation, also fir trees.—Apply Mary Davies, Fron Dewi, Llanio Road, Cardiganshire. Lost and Found. STRAYED to Belfont, Cray, since the latter end of April, three-half-year- old Heifer, light roan colour, Irish or Short breed, with notch under right ear. —Thos. P. Thomas. LOST, two-year-old Hereford Heifer. — Lewis Stephens, Cwmllivr, Trallong, Senny Bridge. v Miscellaneous. BASIC SLAG.—Agents wanted with good farming connections.—Apply, stating particulars, "Basic," Birchall's Advertising Otfices. Liverpool. CORSETS, abdominal belts, shoulder braces, &c.—Madame Osmond, Corsetiere, Clarence Place, Newport Queen's Arcade, Cardiff. pOR SALE—Five excellent Dairy ■ Cows and Heifers, with and with- out Calves can be seen any day.- Apply W. S. Miller, Forest Lodge, Brecon. FOR SALE—American Organ, two sets of reeds, pedal, good condition polished walnut frame.—A.T., c/o "County Times" Offices, Brecon. MPTY Wine and Spirit Casks for jam, pulp, etc. all sizes small kegs for cider.— Carroll's Cooperage, Fawcett Street, Ancoates, Manchester. ENNET.-NO Rennet like Stanton's is the general opinion of Brecon- shire Cheese Makers.-Stanton, Veter- llliii'y OiiOiUikjl, U, LLETS and Ducks laying 1016 each, p 16 dozen chickens two months old 2/6 each, 30s. dozen 12 chicks and mother 30s. list free. Hummell, Stratford, Essex. GARDEN NETTING, for Strawberry beds, fruit trees, tennis boundary, I etc., 1, 2, 3, 4, 6 and 8 yards wide 100 yards, 1 yard, 12s. 6d., carriage paid.- Parnall and Co., Netting Works, Bedminster, Bristol. FOR. WANTED, small Governess Cart to fit donkey#—Llangasty Rectory, Bwlch. SúRE Cure for Gapes in Chicken, Turkeys, etc. testimonials from all parts 30 years' reputation Tins 1/3.- Marshall. Honiton, Devon. VJ^ANTED, about 1300 Larch Trees to be haulel from wood to station about 2 miles, near Builth Wells. —Apply Beaumont, 12, Cathedral Road. Cardiff. r\IP.—Sheep Dips at Stanton's. Stanton's Dips, Powder and Liquid, Cooper'iJ3ips, McDougall's Dip, finest Red Raddle. Best Value, Best Prices. —Stanton, Veterinary Chemist. Brecon. JV/f. Aklersgate Street, London, E.C. 1. rei. Ceiitril 10349. F ARMERS'oj's, Best of All, Drumhead, Wiiiningstadt Cabbage, Ox Cabbage, 2s. per 100, 10s. per 1000 car- riage or post paid.—C. H. Porter, Mun- I ston^arm, Hereford. f)lP—For preventing Fly no dip is better than Stanton's it has the reputation of years behind it and the testimony of all the leading flockowners in South Wales.—Stanton, Veterinary Chemist. Brecon. iV/j Uijii, 1 rappers, Marine Store Dealers and Gamekeepers.— Moleskins Wanted, 90s. per 100. Also Rabbit and Hare Skins, Horse Hair, Feathers, Fox Skins. I buy any kind of Furs and Skins, also Waste Paper. Cash by return.—W. G. Stamford, 5311, Aldersgate Street, London, E.C. 1. z, 1^4 AGGOT LOTION. — Look before coming to Market whether Maggot Lotion is needed, and if so call at Stanton's. Is. bcfcs, 10s. doi. — Stanton, Veterinary Chemist, Brecon. ^COUR MIXTURE.—Scour in Calves, a great source of loss of valuable animals, is cured by a few doses of Stanton's Scour Mixture. Is. 6d. and 2s. 6d. bottles.—Stanton, Veterinary Chemist, Brecon. WI— "'> -c.'¡;¡: > < Get Your Cycle AT NOTT & CO., HIGH ST., BRECON. Best Makes in Stock :— IALLDAYS, ftOYER, HUMBER, CALCOTT. Any kind of Repair Executed. r CAMBRIAN RAILWAYS. BUILTH FAIR, FRIDAY, JUNE 27th, 1919. ON the above date Special Trains will run as under :— Rhayader dep. 10 35 a.m., Doldowlod 10 43, Newbridge-on-Wye, 10 52, Builth Road 110, Builth Wells arr. 11 5. Builth Wells dep. 3 50 p.m., Aberedw arr. 3 58, Erwood 4 3, Boughrood and Llyswen 4 12, Three Cocks 4 20. S. WILLIAMSON, Oswestry. General Manager. June, 1919. is. per lb. paid for ripe Meadow Saffron Seeds 10 pod, but must beripe. 6d. per lb. paid for clean Meadow Saffron Bulbs, but must be clean. Any quantity taken. Passenger carriage paid to Hay. Prompt cash with bags. LAST YEAR OF PURCHASE. STOKOE, Chemist, Hay. RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL OF BRECKNOCK Statement of Receipts and Expenditure for the Half-Year ended 30th September, 1918. 1918. April 1st i; s. d, Y, s. d. Balance froi-ii the pievious half- year 2617 9 10 April 1st, 1918, to 30tli Sept, 1918- Contributions from Overseers 1983 0 0 Grants under Agricultural Rates Act, 1891; 511 15 0 From Breconshire County Council in respect of County Roads and Bridges 118 12 0 Do. of Salaries of Medical Officers of Health and Inspector of Nuisances —— From Water Rates for domestic purposes 49 4 8 For Special Ex- penses, viz Parish of Maescar 100 0 0 Llandefaelog- fach 1 11 1 „ Llanddew 2 3 ————— 102 13 4 Rents of Pro- perty 2 0 Welsh Insurance Corporation Dajnage to Bridge 4 10 0 ) V < X5387 6 10 I April 1st, 1918, to £ s. d. £ s. d. Sept. 30th, 1918- :8:t Maintenance and Repair of District Roads 1969 13 3 Waterworks 10 3 6 „ Sewerage Works 26 18 6 Fees for Listsof Births Deaths 4 9 6 Cost of Disin- —— Loans- Repayment of Loans— Principal 40 18 10 Interest 24 13 8 65 12 G Establishment Charges 39 8 7 Audit Stamp —— Salaries 314 8 0 National Health Insurance Con- tributions 11 3 3 "Notification oj Infectious Dis- eases 17 0 Miscellaneous Account 6 0 National Regis- tration Act Expenses 14 2 Food Control Expenses 100 0 0 2543 14 3 Balances at the end of the half- year— In hands of Treasurer. 2847 12 8 Surveyors- (W.Williams) 1 8 9 (W. Joseph) 2849 1 5 Less balance in favour of the Clerk on Pettv Cash Account 1 11 5 Do.W.Joseph (Surveyor) 3 17 5 5 8 10 -2843 12 7 95387 6 ID Audited and found correct, M. F. THOMAS, R. G. WOODYATT, District Auditor. Clerk to the Council. 18th June, 1919.. THE RELIABLE MOTORS AND CYCLES as Chosen by the British Government. We are Sole Agents for Triumph & B.S.A. f!c,r¿l. "}rl "o1..n '!c' in Stock. Large Stock of Tyres and Accessories. Fryer Bros. & Co., BRECON. GET YOUR SHEEP DIP AND MAGGOT LOTION from GWILLIM, The Chemist, BRECON. Lowest Prices. l ■ Sports Coats THE SPORTS COAT is as much worn as ever. We hold a vast range in Wool, Silk, and Stockinette. All Colors. Latest Novelties. one- MORGAN & LEWIS, Drapers and Tailors, BRECON. Tel. 16. II .i—ii 11 11 ir-j- r rt t JVTOT in vain, by any means. have we studied the o special requirements of the out- 0 door man in the matter of "SPORTS" Clothes. We hold a select stock of Sports Jackets as illustrated above, and in various other shapes, lined and — unlined. These coats make an agreeable and comfortable change, and are exceedingly dressy. They can be worn with either Flannel or Tweed trousers. Then we have ready here iter you. a fine lot of Flannel 1 Trousers, fashioned in the PI Smartest Style, cut to give per- fect freedom of movement. They are fitted with permanent turn up and belt-loops. The addition Li of hip-straps is a point which all who have experienced the ineffectiveness of the back-strap will fully appreciate. Flannel Trousers in Grey. Men's, 24/- to 35/ Youths, 15/- to 19/6. Also in White. n r Opposite ^PBRKmX the Monument and at BUILTH. I ll iC—ii il 11" Educational. ] ■ Wooaiuds Day ft Boarding School for Girls (Preparatory for Little Boys) OAMDEN ROAD, BRECON. PrinoipalB: MisB Park-Brown and Miss Wright, A.R.O.M. Usual English 8ub eots, Nature Study, Needlework, French, Drawing, Painting, Health Exeroiees, Danoing. Music speciality. SHORTHAND and BOOK-KEEPING. Outside Students may attend for any of the above subjects. Next Term begins May 7th. PRIVATE TUITION. MR. W. P. J. LABROOQ, M.A., F.L.S., F.R. Met. Boo. (Honours, Christ's College, Chun.) PREPARES PUPILS for Com- P missions n the Army and Navy, and for Law, Medioal, Civil Service and other Entrance Examinamone. Private leseons in Botany, practical Botany with oae of Mioroaoope, Mathematios Frenoh, Nature Study, via. bncuOM COUNTY ANNUAL. It is proposed to resume Publication of the BRECON COUNTY ANNUAL which had to sus- pended during the latter part of the war owing to the scarcity of paper. Further announcements will be made in due course.Home / Listings / Ocean Swim / Little Husky Ocean Swim
Huskisson or 'Husky' is the jewel of the NSW South Coast, nestled amongst some of the whitest sand beaches in the world.
Known to fitness enthusiasts for one of the biggest triathlon festivals in the southern hemisphere, the Husky Tri, this particular ocean swim event is a part of the sister event, the Little Husky.
The ocean swims take place in the majestic Jervis Bay, featuring incredible turquoise waters and the 500m, 1km, 2.5km and 5km distances on offer cover the more casual of swimmers to those that like to take it a little more seriously.
Visit the famous Hyams Beach (home of the world's whitest sand) and get your lips around a beer at the local brewery or the Husky Pub.
There are two different types of courses on offer; the 500m is around-the-buoys and the 1km, 2km and 5km are point-to-point swims.
The 500m swim starts and finishes at the beach at White Sands.
The 1km swim starts at Huskisson Beach and finishes at the beach at White Sands.
The 2km swim starts at Sailors Grave Beach and finishes at the beach at White Sands.
The 5km swim starts at the Vincentia Sailing Club and finishes at the beach at White Sands.
If you're after more beach time, or simply to get the 'Insta-worthy' photo, head to Hyams Beach which is home to the world's whitest sand. When you're finished there, jump back in the car and take a drive through the Booderee National Park where you'll find some gem walks and beaches to complete your active day.
If you're after more of a celebration, try out the Jervis Bay Brewing Co. or Flamin Galah brewing Co. which are located just north of the town.
Huskisson is 3-hours drive south from Sydney.
Parking is available on the street around Whitesands Park.
White Sands Park
Huskisson NSW, Australia
500m, 1km, 2km & 5km
Registration opens at 8:00am for all swims and closes 30mins before each swim start time.
500m - 10-years, 1km - 11-years, 2.5km - 11-years, 5km - 15-years
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Receive magazine articles straight to your inbox, plus upcoming event reminders & moreTHE recent temperamental weather has clouded the judgement of those in charge of Lancashire County Council’s electronic road signs.
Motorists and residents in Burnley have been left scratching their heads after two roadside matrix signs displayed messages warning them to prepare for winter.
The authority said the signs — one in Colne Road and another in Westway — had been affected by building work in the town centre.
Despite East Lancashire’s gritters having been resting up since March, the signs direct passers-by to the winter section of the county council’s website, which offers advice on gritting, clearing snow and ice, and driving in dangerous conditions.
Pedestrian Steve Macken looked amused as he walked past the notice on Monday, but county councillor Jeff Sumner said mistakes on the sign could have risky implications for drivers.
Coun Sumner, Lib Dem member for Burnley South West, said: “I think we are crying out for them in the borough for things like road closures, but they can’t be giving out wrong information.
“If what they say isn’t useful then they need looking at.”
Coun Shah Hussain, who represents Daneshouse with Stoneyholme ward where the Colne Road sign is based, said he passed both signs on a regular basis. The Labour member said: “I find the Westgate one very helpful. It gives out good information about free parking and I think a lot of people take notice of it.
“The Colne Road one I tend to take much less notice of.
“It isn’t updated very often and it wouldn’t surprise me if that message had been there for some months.
“When used correctly they can give out good messages, but I would like to see the Colne Road one updated more often.”
County Hall bosses were unable to confirm how much the signs cost to install and maintain.
Martin Galloway, head of network management for the county council, said: “We have a number of these electronic signs around the county and unfortunately we're currently experiencing some problems with the two in Burnley.
“They are controlled by radio transmitters on buildings in the town centre and it appears that recent development in the area, or interference from other sources, has weakened the signal.
“We're currently investigating the problem and hope to be able to resolve it soon.”
Please log in to enable comment sorting
1:51pm Wed 11 Jun 14
Rose Rouge says...
2:18pm Wed 11 Jun 14
mikebuk says...
Just 196 days until Christmas, Steve.
2:50pm Wed 11 Jun 14
Openminded? says...
3:03pm Wed 11 Jun 14
East_lancs_lad says...
thing is backward over there.
3:25pm Wed 11 Jun 14
HelmshoreMan2010 says...
4:22pm Wed 11 Jun 14
campbell69s says...
4:48pm Wed 11 Jun 14
shytalk says...
5:00pm Wed 11 Jun 14
shabba says...
9:20pm Wed 11 Jun 14
John05 says...
5:26am Thu 12 Jun 14
Real Ale Up North says...
7:17am Thu 12 Jun 14
BelTower says...
7:46am Thu 12 Jun 14
Steven Seagull says...
3:47pm Thu 12 Jun 14
vicn1956 says...There are around 5000 Montessori schools in the USA alone. The Montessori education method is a small but popular means of early childhood education. Across the country and around the world, more and more parents are realizing the big benefits of a child-led learning experience for intelligence, prospects, and emotional well-being.
But what is Montessori-style education? What makes it different from the regular school curriculum we’re all familiar with? And how can smart parents take advantage of what it offers to give their kids the best possible start in life?
Well, for the answers to all these questions and more, stay tuned to this guide to the undeniable benefits of a Montessori education for your child!
What Is a Montessori Education?
The Montessori program for early childhood education was developed by an educator named — you guessed it — Montessori in the first part of the 20th century.
Dr. Montessori looked around at the schools of the 1900s and found them to be overly rigid. They were more about contorting children to meet the needs of their schools rather than letting schools meet the needs of their children. With so much schooling at the time being based directly on military academies, that’s probably not too surprising.
But Dr. Montessori thought things could be different. Instead of an educational program that tried to make kids adapt to itself, she designed a school curriculum that would adapt itself to its kids. This Montessori program stressed group work, individual development (mental, emotional, and physical), a non-authoritarian teacher-student relationship, and a system that lets students choose what they want to learn.
And it continues to this day!
What Are the Benefits?
There are almost too many to list. The key benefits of a Montessori education are the innumerable ways it contributes to the full development of a child. Whether in day-to-day classes or school enrichment programs, Montessori education promotes the healthy development.
For example, very young kids are often encouraged to focus on physical development. Slightly older ones are encouraged toward cooperative play and work through self-directed group learning activities. Even older kids, meanwhile, become community minded thanks to things like school trips and special events.
At the end of the day, the goal of a Montessori education isn’t to produce a child who can follow orders. It’s to produce a fully developed human.
Get Busy Learning
So there you have it, a quick guide to the key pros of a Montessori education for children all around the world. Whether you’re a parent-to-be or you already have a full nest, the Montessori program is a great thing to consider for your kids. After all, the health and happiness of our kids is our number one priority!
So why not check it out? The benefits of a Montessori education could be perfect for your children.
Liked this article? Check out our site for more like it.- Links
- Latest News
Midnight Sister
- Style:Black Metal / Doom
To keep things simple, albums are grouped into a handful of approximate styles.
- Year:2017
- Country:United States
Whenever you buy albums through our site, we receive a few cents for each sale, at no extra cost. This helps us to stay online, and advert-free. Thank you for your continued support.
Reviews for 'The Sleer - Midnight Sister''Midnight Sister'
There are no reviews for 'The Sleer - Midnight Sister' yet, stay tuned. Meanwhile, you can check out our existing Black Metal Album Reviews.
for 'The Sleer - Midnight Sister'No modern home or utility room is ever complete without a washing machine, and busy family life simply cannot cope without one. With an effective washing machine you can effortlessly get through piles of laundry, dealing with a wide range of clothing items and fabrics. Choosing the right washing machine can be a daunting task with so many brands on the market, programmes, drum capacities and more; however by choosing the right washing machine you can meet all of your family's needs for years to come.
What washing machine should I buy?
There are various features you should look for when purchasing a washing machine. The combination of drum size, washing modes, temperatures, styles and of course price means that you can easily get lost in the variety. A 10kg capacity washing machine is a great choice for larger families as the large drum size means you can fit in big loads at one time. However if you're tight on space or have less laundry to wash, a smaller washing machine such as 7kg may be more suitable. If you're focused on becoming more eco-friendly, you should also keep an eye on the washing machine's energy rating and if possible how much water is used per wash.
Of course it's not always about the washing machine's features and capacity - it's also about how it looks in your home. Black washing machines are becoming increasingly popular in contemporary kitchens and utility rooms, whilst a traditional white washing machine is still a great option.
What is the best washing machine brand?
With the advancement of technology, each washing machine brand has had to develop their features to keep up with demand. At Oldrids we have all the leading brands on the market. Beko produce both entry level and more advanced washing machines including freestanding and integrated options; they are reknown for the amount of programmes available and ability to wash clothes quickly. Blomberg produce great family-friendly washing machines with large capacities whilst Bosch are famous for their reliability. For something more modern and futuristic looking, you can opt for an LG or Hoover washing machine with built-in smart technology meaning they can be controlled by your smartphone; turning on your laundry at the touch of a button.
All of our washing machines and tumble dryers come with a warranty or guarantee, meaning that you can have peace of mind in your purchase..
Le Petit Marseillais Bio
Le Petit Marseillais has always nurtured its authenticity and proximity to the nature of southern France. Its expertise allows it to create natural, sensory and efficient products for all.
Following the launch of shower body care last year, the brand continues its quest towards an ever more natural and ethical offer by lauching a 100% organic and refillable « shower » line.
The ingredients are biodynamically harvested in France and come from a local and responsible sourcing. And better yet the refillable package will decrease plastic consumption !
The simple and contemporary design showcases an authentic nature with a focus on wild ingredients. The watercolour fruits and leafs allow an appropriation of this raw and generous nature.
Le Petit Marseillais Bio (Organic) line got it!On 1st and 2nd of February 2017, Textkernel is exhibiting at the Recruitment Agency Expo in London.
As a specialist in semantic recruitment technology, Textkernel provides recruiting tools to accelerate the process of matching supply and demand in the job market. These tools can be easily integrated with your ATS, CRM or home-built software system. During the Recruitment Agency Expo, Textkernel will give demos of its recruitment technology.
Visit stand C7 and find out how you can increase your placements by:
- Saving time on processing CVs and candidate profiles into structured searchable information with Textkernel’s and highly accurate (and multilingual) CV parsing software;
- Sourcing the best candidates in your own databases as well as external sources with Textkernel’s semantic search software;
- Matching candidates to all employer jobs in the market with Textkernel’s advanced matching technology combined with its lead-generation tool Jobfeed.
Find out how Textkernel’s technology can help you grow your business
Fill out the form below to make an appointment with us at the show or request an online demo.Perverryn
Learn The Most Vital Aspect About Sbobet
There are many those people worldwide so, who habitually devote moolah for wagering game basically hoping among gaining profit, and often, numerous individuals suffer a loss of and also gain this money. A novice during the online gambling universe can see a lot of websites to employ gambling video game titles without spending moolah, sign in forums on top of that track down many online casinos you can certainly make investments actual money. You probably know this, often the sbobet belongs to the most reliable websites forms around Egypt, and each Indonesian resident wishes to place a solution on a dependable web casino. Should you really wish to have a authentic internet casino, you may then utilize the Dewa303 internet site which is actually a sbobet real estate agent. This amazing gaming web site is thought of as the main place sbobet asia, daftar sbobet, and sbobet online. If you visit this website , you can aquire increasing numbers of info about sbobet online relating to the internet console.
The website brings several positive aspects for your separate, considering the fact that ideally you should put on the entire important things about this web site, you need to sbobet login members. You can receive one impressive savings from this poker webpage in case you downpayment the income, and the are listed your solution relating to several online gambling gaming applications with the aid of this web page. Gamers may play all the online gambling game simply by one visitor username, this type of web for you to perform 24 hours so many game playing activities. You can buy considerable social gaming on this internet site, the other may also purchase certain extras to use betting activities. Individuals every layer on this internet site, you'll get hold of the very providers of this particular webpage by making use of take up residence chat with assistance as they quite simply 24 hours open to help. When required, involved consumers could possibly click on this link or maybe go to our personal recognized web pages if you want to find out about sbobet asia.
by Perverryn on 2020-06-24 12:20:28PETER PAN
A Musical Adventure
PETER PAN, a musical adventure
Music by George Stilesby George Stiles
Lyrics by Anthony Drewe
Book by Willis Hall
“Peter Pan, a musical adventure (Stiles and Drewe)” is presented by special arrangement with SAMUEL FRENCH, INC. 235 Park Ave So, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10003.
Event starts at 8:05pm
Doors open at 6:00pm
General Admission: $15.00
Gate-CC: $27.50
Spring Mountain Ranch State Park<br> 6375 NV-159<br> Blue Diamond, 89004
875
702-579-7529
performing_artsChrissy Teigen and John Legend on Baby No. 2: “A Little Boy Is Next for Sure”
If, like us, you think Chrissy Teigen and John Legend's daughter Luna is the cutest baby in Hollywood, we have some big news: Luna Simone Stephens could soon be getting a little brother. The model and Cravings author walked the red carpet at Sunday night's SAG Awards, and told E! that they're definitely hoping for some more testosterone in the family someday soon.
"Oh my god, a little boy is next for sure!" she said. Last year, Teigen told People about conceiving Luna through in vitro fertilization, saying that she chose to have a daughter. "I think I was most excited and allured by the fact that John would be the best father to a little girl. That excited me," she said.
!"
Judging by little Luna's adorable cheeks and sweet disposition, we'd say her papa is pretty lucky to have her, too.Connecticut ‘Cold-Case’ Cards Being Used To Solve Crimes
Connecticut law enforcement officials are using playing cards decorated with details about “cold-cases” in the hopes of solving open cases throughout the state.
The cold-case card decks, which are only sold inside the Connecticut prison system, are modeled after a similar program in Florida that had some success.
Issued in 2010, the first deck featured photos of victims related to 52 unsolved cases. There are now two editions of the cards with a third in the works, The New York Post reported.
Mike Sullivan, supervising inspector of the cold-case unit and the violent crimes bureau, said the cards look like regular playing cards, but on the center of each is a picture and short summary of a cold-case. Most of cards have details about missing person cases or unsolved homicides. According to Sullivan, the department has received about 320 tips and has been able to solve six cases because of information the cards generated.
Sullivan said the cases that are featured on the cards come from local police departments.
“We are kind of like a conduit,” Sullivan said. “When a tip comes in, it is forwarded to the investigating detective and they can make their own assessment.”
Sources: The New York Post, The Meriden Record-Journal
undefinedBrowse all of the courses that we have to offer!
This is a private community within Kajabi for BizKidz Members to use to keep in touch, share any challenges they may be facing on their business journey, share their wins and progress, cheer each other on and offer support for each other too.
On this mini-course we will narrow down their ideas and help them to identify if their ideas 'have legs', with market research and an understanding of profitability. All this and more within this short, confidence building course.
Join BizKidz Academy for a 13 week course for ages 7-17. With full support from business mentor, Cheryl Dodd, and a supportive community of like-minded peers, kids on the course will learn how to set up their own business.
Don't let idea block stop you! Drop us your email and we'll send you a list of 50 business ideas! What's more - these ideas have come straight from our amazing BizKidz!As a professional registered agent we are members of the Property Redress Scheme, Client Money Protect, Tenancy Deposit Scheme (custodial), Devon Landlords Association, Residential Landlords Association and we are accredited by L.A.S.W. and A.N.U.K.
We market your property on our website, in our shop window, on social media and we feature your property on the major property portals Zoopla, Prime Location and On the Market.
Our Partnersjess83
Activity
- 4 total posts
- 1 discussion
- 1 comment
- 2 questions
Questions from jess83
They filed my teeth down now wearing temps n waiting for lithium disilicate crowns. Is there any other option now?
I was just approved for an care credit card I felt the dentist rushed. Iallowed myself to get pressured into doing something I'm not even sure is the best solution for me.I'm a... READ MORE
Fillings turning yellow & one root canal in between all my front. The dentist filed my teeth down was that the right move?
Im still regreting this I think the 5 grand could of dispersed restoring my mouth wisely n honestly.I hate myself so much for allowing myself to get suckered more so by the... READ MORE
Discussions started by jess83
My local dentist filed my teeth for crowns what can I do now?
Im depressed 30 year old single mom.I trusted my local dentist. Now Im regreting it .The manager opened a care credit card n pressured me n I cracked ,so mad at myself I know... READ MORE
Recent comments from jess83
I think sime of my teeth could if been saved.I think a cosmetic doctor would of given me more options.I had old fillings that needed to be replaced.I think I could of held out much longer.I'm not sure if the dentist was entirely honest... READ COMMENTImam and the preacher of Al-Masjid an-Nabawī Dr. Abdullah Al-Baijan worshipers in the mihrab of the Messenger of Allah in the Rawda Alsharifa in the Al-Masjid an-Nabawī. The move follows the decision of the Imam’s prayer in the mihrab of Al-Rawdah Al-Sharifah for daily duties and fridays , in order to make space for prayers for those who want to peace on the Messenger of Allah and his companions (Abu Bakr al-Siddiq and Omar ibn al-Khattab) ) enter the gate of Alsalam through Alwajha Alsharifa and the performance of peace, and then exit the gate of Baqi.
saudi Arabia has agreed to raise the quota of pilgrims from India by up to 5 thousand people, bringing the increase in the number of Indian pilgrims in two years 40 thousand Indian Minister of Minority Mukhtar Abbas Nqawi told the Indian media that the increase in the past two years was historic, with 175,000 Hajj pilgrims during the year, while last year’s Hajj brought up to 170,000 Indian pilgrims .
Al-Naqawi thanked the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques King Salman bin Abdulaziz for the facilities offered to the pilgrims and the efforts exerted by the Saudi government in the service of pilgrims and Umrah. It is noteworthy that the first increase in the number of pilgrims in India was in 2017, reaching 35 thousand pilgrims and the second during the current year, which amounted to 5 thousand, bringing the total in two years to increase 40,000 pilgrims. Saudi Arabia a few days ago gave its approval to revive the maritime route to transport pilgrims from India to Saudi Arabia after a 23-year .No. 827
Sleeps 2
Studio
| 1 Bathroom
310 sq. ft
8th Floor
Super Fast WiFi
Studio 827
- Sleeps 2
- Studio
- | 1 Bathroom
- 310 sq. ft
- 8th Floor
- Super Fast WiFi
- Weekly Linen Change Included
- Weekly Clean Included
This beautiful 8th floor apartment has been fully refurbished to a very high hotel specification. A king sized bed with Egyptian cotton sheets, huge bathroom with spacious walk-in shower and a small but perfectly formed kitchen completes this stunning space. There's even a desk with a comfy chair along with a hard wired connection to free 100mb cable broadband if you are here to work. Plantation shutters finish off this stunning apartment beautifully.
"We had a great stay here! This place has an excellent location and very comfortable accommodations. I would definitely recommend it and return in future visits." Laura March 2019
"Excellent location, very clean place, good communication with host. Really not much more to ask for." Oliver Feb 2019
" Flat 827 Nell Gwynn House had everything I was looking for in a business trip: a great apartment with all the amenities I need, a full service staff for any needs I may have, and a convenient location in South Kensington. I had a wonderful stay and would definitely come back!" Rohan 2019
"Stayed at Nell Gwynn house for 1 week. close proximity to buses, and about a less than 10min walk to the metro. Convenience of having a 24hr concierge as well as access to a supermarket across the road if you need any amenities. Apartment was clean, bonus was the big fluffy towels and washer/dryer. Great location if you're looking to visit London." Astrid June 2019
"A great studio apartment in an amazing location. The Apartment looks just like the pictures and is stylishly decorated. It has a small but functional kitchen, good washer/dryer and nice bathroom. Host was very responsive and helpful and check in/check out was very easy. Would recommend and would happily stay again." Cate June 2019
"Top-notch ! The location is perfect in safe and chic South Kensington. Nell Gwynn House is a newly refurbished 1930 building with a 24/7 friendly concierge which makes it very convenient to leave the key each day. No risk to lose it! The check in was very easy and the women working in the office are extremely friendly and helpful. The studio itself is like a 5-star hotel room. Remodelled a few months ago with modern and high standard feature, it is small but has everything you would need. It is facing a quiet back street with an open view which gives a lot of light. Great comfortable bed, a big flat screen TV with hundreds of channels plus Netflix, fast internet, a brand new bathroom with a wonderful walk-in shower and fluffy towels. It was a wonderful stay. Thank you Charlotte and her staff for your kindness and availability and to the nice concierges too." Franck June 2019
Availability of Studio 8
Home Office
Security & Check-in
There is CCTV and a 24 hour porter service. Check-in is 15:00hrs and check-out 11:00hrs. The porters can store your luggage outside of these times
Studio
Alarm Clock
Built In Storage
Chest of Drawers
Hair Dryer
1 Bed
Safe
King Sized bed
Living Area
Built In Storage
Coffee Table
1 Comfy Chair
Chest of Drawers
Dining Table
2 Dining Table Chairs
Bathrooms
Heated Towel Rail
Make Up Area
Mirror (Large)
Mirror
Shaver Power Socket
Shower
Sink
Other
Iron
Ironing Board
Washing Machine & Dryer
Laptop Safe
No-Smoking
Egyptian Cotton Linen
Kitchen
Cafetiere/Coffee Maker
Fridge/Freezer
Kettle
Microwave & Oven
Toaster
Electric Hob!)
- Free superfast 100mb wifi
-Long sleeve: unisex, well suited for both boys and girls.
Material: 79% cotton, 21% polyester
Technique of prints applied: silkscreen printing.
The color shades on your screen may differ from the original color.
Stroks are well up on aerodynamics. They fly in V formation to save power. Sometimes they stop for a snack and fly on.
Their eyes are protected from the wind with special goggles. Everything is as it must be.
When wearing this long sleeve you can feel yourself a little as a stork. You have wings on your sleeves.
There is a logo of Aviatsiya Halychyny on the back.
Very often, especially in childhood, we often wanted to turn into someone just to feel like a superhero, or a favorite cartoon character, or maybe a book hero.
This site uses cookies in order to provide services properly. Agree by continuing your visit on the website.
Thank youCollection:
Collection:
Unreal Chocolate Peanut Butter Pie
Unreal Chocolate Peanut Butter Pie
- Regular price
- $59.50
- Regular price
- Sale price
- $59.50
- Unit price
- per
Hold on chocolate and peanut butter lovers! 😍 This no bake peanut butter pie is rich and decadent. The filling is creamy, dreamy and super peanut buttery combined with sweet chocolate chips in every bite. This over the top dessert is unbelievable!
Crust: Almond flour, coconut oil, monk fruit/erythritol, cocoa
Filling: Organic coconut whipping cream, peanut butter, goat cheese, swerve, stevia chocolate chips, pure vanilla extract
Macros per slice: coming soon
Select delivery date at checkout.China wants to censor online video content
(AP) websites, will ensure that Internet video providers implement the rule.
A woman working in the public relations office for Youku, China's most popular online video provider, said Wednesday website will allow such content."
Explore further
Copyright 2012 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.What to Expect from your Trial...
Access to our weekly coaching programme
which includes group coaching for adults and juniors as well as other sessions such as cardio tennis!
All Equipment Provided
You may be just starting out so don't worry if you don't have a racket as all necessary equipment is available so you can just turn up and enjoy your session!
LTA Accredited Coaches
All of our coaches are LTA Accredited, DBS checked and First Aid Trained so you can rest assured that the sessions will be of the highest quality!
The On2Court Community
When you join us, it's not just about lessons-we like to offer other activities at our venues such as competitions, social sessions and other activities throughout the year!This guided experience in nature with Arctic Huskies will take you on a memorable and fun adventure through the Lappish wilderness. Serenity and magic await as you stand in your sledge and guide your dog team through the snow.
You can choose to ride the sledge on your own, or you can share it with another person. While the first person is driving, the other can sit comfortably on reindeer fur and enjoy the ride. Halfway through the tour you will stop for a soup lunch and some hot drinks in a forest hut, and you will have the possibility to change roles.
The husky safari track for this experience is about 18km and the ride itself is around 2.5 hours long. There will be time for picture taking so you can capture the magical nature in Finnish Lapland and keep lifelong memories of the lovely huskies. Once you get back you might get to meet the cute husky puppies, subject to availability.Hibs 'on the cusp,' says Alan Stubbs after Scottish Cup win
Last updated on .From the section Football
Alan Stubbs believes he is on the verge of bringing back the good times to Easter Road after leading Hibernian to the Scottish Cup semi-finals.
Before beating Berwick Rangers 4-0, Hibs had moved into second place in the Scottish Championship.
"We are on the cusp of something, but we haven't achieved anything," manager Stubbs told BBC Scotland.
"They have obviously experienced the bad times, but hopefully we can now let them experience some good times."
Hibs suffered relegation last season, but Stubbs has given young talents like Scott Allan and Fraser Fyvie a chance to resurrect their reputations after failing to become first-team regulars following big-money moves to English football.
"We've got a good balance and they're very intelligent footballers," said Stubbs.
"They are hungry, they've got points to prove and I like that.
"For my liking, Berwick had too many attempts, but I said to the players before and at the end, today was just about making sure that we were in the hat.
"From that point of view, they deserve a lot of credit again. We have done the job."
Stubbs paid tribute to the visiting part-timers, shaking hands with every Berwick player after the game.Since that time, I have tried and missed many more prime opportunities. Now that I am blogging dogs daily, I have promised myself to do better. This brings me to the Christmas tree. Our granddog, Pierre the Westie, besides being the happiest dog ever born also hates anything to change or move in the house. I was certain when the Christmas tree was decorated with ornaments, tinsel, and lights, he would go crazy. Both dogs stayed outside helping with yard work while the lights and ornaments were hung. I plugged in the lights, had Christmas carols playing, my camera ready, and my cellphone on video. There was no way the hijinks and hilarity was going to be missed this go around! I opened the back door, called the boys in, clicked my video, and started
Neither dog cared a thing about the tree or the presents that I wrapped to put under it. They did give the gifts a cursory sniff but quickly realized they did not contain any sort of food or treats and lost interest. It looked like there would be no problems, and then the UPS man came to the door with packages. We opened the boxes to discover gaily-wrapped presents from relatives to add to the tree. I didn’t give it a second thought since the chances were small they had food in them. What I didn’t consider was the powerful sniffer decipher on Bentley. He smelled new people and their pets on the gifts and felt it was his duty to open them to investigate. It was funny but no chance for photos while rescuing gifts. Now, I have all our gifts from relatives off the floor and still waiting on the perfectly hilarious Christmas photograph. I’m keeping my fingers crossed for a great reaction to the gifts from Santa Paws. I’ll have my camera ready; just let me remember to charge the batteries!
Fill PetSaver’s Stocking for Christmas
DONATE: Of course, donations are always welcome and appreciated. It is expensive to house, feed, and care for all of the animals at the facility. You can make donation in your name, anonymously, or in the name of a loved one, even a beloved pet. Just click on this link to give PetSavers a monetary stocking stuffer!
GIFT: If you would rather give a present to them, they always need scoopable cat litter, Wal Mart gift cards to buy basic supplies, and Kuranda Dog & Cat beds. They have a link to the beds on their webpage. They receive 10% of the sale and you receive 10% off by clicking on their banner ad. Win/win situation for everyone on two and four legs!
VOLUNTEER: Now, if you have more time than money on your hands, that’s great too. PetSavers is in desperate need of volunteers and there are many positions available. Please take a few moments to read over these and find one you’d enjoy. If your club or organization is looking for a community service project, look no further! Contact these wonderful pet lovers and let them know they can count on you.
POSITIONS AVAILABLE:
Adoption Counselor: Greet and assist potential adopters in pet selection, explain policies, answer their questions, remove pets from the kennels/runs and allow prospective adopters to interact with them. Help with general administrative duties. Time Commitment is at least one day per week 12:00 p.m. ~ 4:00 p.m.
Cat Socialization & Grooming: This one-on-one attention with cats ensures they get exercise and stress relief to keep them adoptable, active, happy, and healthy. Assist the public with visiting the cats and helping the cats find forever homes.
Dog Socialization & Grooming: Exercise and socialize dogs to increase adoptability, bathe and groom them to make dogs more comfortable and adoptable. Assist the public with visiting the dogs and help them find their forever homes.
Dog Walker: Give the dogs socialization and heart-healthy exercise with a brisk walk around the neighborhood. PetSavers requires completion of a minimum of 40 hours as a Shelter Assistant Volunteer in order to be considered as a Dog Walker. Dog Walkers must fulfill one scheduled shift per week.
Dog Day Adventures: Take a dog out for a day of fun and adventure. Put the dog in an “Adopt Me” vest; sign him or her out for the day and head to a local park, coffee shop, or downtown. Give your favorite dog a little bit more exposure, increase their opportunity for adoption, and allow them a nice break from the shelter. You must become a Dog Walker before being promoted for Dog Day Adventures.
Junior Volunteer: Volunteers age 12 ~ 17 years are Junior Volunteers. At this time, PetSavers has limited opportunities for Junior Volunteers. They will work with High School Seniors who need to complete required educational volunteer hours. Join their Junior Volunteer Call~to~Action list and they will call you when opportunities abound!
Maintenance/Grounds: There is always something that needs to be done around the grounds of PetSavers. If you are a “handy-person” your skills are always needed somewhere. Please help out with the mowing, gardening, minor building repairs, painting, clean-up, etc.
Phone Volunteer: Wouldn’t you love to help people help their pets? Volunteers are needed to answer phone calls and solve problems as well as find solutions. You can help educate callers about PetSavers programs and services.
Photographer/Biographer: Take digital photos and compose appealing, fun descriptions of shelter animals for PetSavers web site and/or PetFinder.com; write articles for the Pet Savers web site and newsletters.
Shelter Assistant: Clean cat rooms and dog/puppy runs. Feed and water the animals. Help exercise the dogs, praise them with treats and attention. This is a critical volunteer position that helps give the pets a safe and pleasant place to live.
Social Media Volunteer: This is an opportunity for anyone interested in volunteering at home for PetSavers’ social media outlets. These include Facebook, Twitter, and the ability to develop more social media outreach. You must have your own email address, access to a computer, and working knowledge of previously mentioned sites.
Special Events Support: PetSavers has many events throughout the year. You can sign up to be on their mailing list and they will call upon you to help with the next event. Events range from adoptions to fundraising. Most events happen on the weekend but whenever they are, they’re guaranteed to be a BLAST!!!
Transporter: PetSavers is always in need of assistance in transporting pets back and forth to doctor appointments and other activities. Sign up to be on the call list.
Just a few Volunteer Requirements: 1. At least 18 years old. (If your 12 ~ 17 yrs. old, the Junior Volunteer Program can provide a wonderful volunteer experience when opportunities are available.)
2. You must be able to squat, bend, twist, lift, or stand for long periods when working directly with animals.
3. Volunteers must possess strong customer service and clear communication skills as all volunteer position work directly with the public, staff, and other volunteers.
4. Work both indoors and outdoors in all weather conditions during both daylight and potentially after dark.
5. You could experience frequent exposure to loud noises, odors, fumes, chemicals, and animal waste.
6. Walk on paved and unpaved surfaces and flooring that may be uneven or wet/dry.
7. There may be exposure to animals that may be agitated and attempt to bite or scratch.
These are FABULOUS suggestions! You gave everyone so many ideas of how they can help. I think this list is a MUST SAVE LIST and you gave ME some great ideas too!!Filmmaker Samantha Oči Releases Nightmarish Experimental Film DIVISUS
Filmmaker Samantha Oči recently completed a new experimental video called Divisus, which you can view in the player above. It stars Marco Cuomo and Giorgio
Oči, who appeared in Emma Dark’s award winning short Salient Minus Ten (review), provided us with the following statement about Divisus:
“I’ve always been intrigued by the human psyche, and I wanted my next project to play around with the concept of a character’s internal struggle with his dark alter ego. Throw into the mix my appreciation of the Dark, Trippy or Surreal, and Divisus was born. Initially, Divisus was to be centered around Dissociative Identity Disorder, but I was drawn to the idea that the viewer couldn’t be sure if his twin brother was purely a figment of his imagination, one of his ‘alters’, or if he had come back from the dead to torment his brother one last time. Divisus has been fun to make and was filmed entirely in my North London flat, but it has also been a trippy and unnerving ride through hell for me at times! Thankfully I don’t have a twin!
If you want to learn about Oči’s work, you can head over to her official website. We’ve also provided a selection of stills from Divisus in the gallery below.LITHI-SHIELD™ is the ultimate in extreme pressure anti-wear lithium complex grease. It exceeds all other lithium complex greases due to the addition of ABF (Advanced Boundary Film) Technology, extreme pressure and anti-friction additives added to its formula. LITHI-SHIELD™ treats, seals and smooths metal surfaces to dramatically reduce friction, and as well as friction related heat and wear. LITHI-SHIELD’s™ unique formulation allows it to exceed the performance of other greases while using smaller quantities. In fact, LITHI-SHIELD™ exhibits great oxidation resistance, over twice that of its nearest competitor.
Lithi Shield Extreme Pressure Four-Ball Weld TestWe have found more accommodations in San Carlos de Bariloche
3-star Apart Hotels
Lodging at Mount Catedral
2-star Cabins
1-star hotels
Apart Hotel - 2-star Bungalows
Lodging at Mount Catedral
Tourist Properties Rental
3-star hotels
2-star Cabins
2-star Cabins
Lodging at Mount Catedral
3-star Apart Hotels
3-star Apart Hotels
La Deseada Apart & Cabañas
San Carlos de Bariloche
San Martin 127, San Carlos de Bariloche, Río Negro
Warm and luminous studio apartment of 30 m2, located in the center of Bariloche, a few meters from the city´s Civic Center and the shores of Lake Nahuel Huapi.
With a capacity for 2 people, it has all the comforts to enjoy an excellent stay.
Located in a strategic point to visit the most attractive places in the city without using a vehicle.
Services
Terminos y condiciones
ContactoDistrict and borough councils deal with planning applications for building, extending or converting homes, offices or shops.
Surrey County Council deals with applications for minerals or waste-related developments, and for developments to its own property, such as schools and libraries.
We encourage all applicants to enter into pre-application discussions prior to making an application. Please see the link at the bottom of the page to pre-application discussions for planning applications, where you can view our minerals and waste pre-application planning advice and download a pre-application request form.
To make a planning application for minerals, waste or county council development you will need to complete and submit the appropriate form. Application forms are available to download or submit online following the link below. At present you will not be able to submit the statements, plans or drawings etc online.
We strongly recommend that you use our Local List for the validation of all county matter planning applications and guidance to help applicants prior to submitting an application. This will enable you to make sure you have submitted all the information needed for us to consider your application.From the Telegraph
Voters in towns and cities with large Muslim communities where there are concerns about election fraud will have to show their passports or driving licences before casting their ballot.
The Government has announced that voters should have to produce identification in order to vote to reduce the risk of "endemic corruption" and protect the democratic process.
The voter ID scheme will be trialed in 18 areas which have been identified by police and the Electoral Commission as being "vulnerable" to voting fraud, including Bradford and Birmingham.
The Government will also introduce legislation to ban political campaigners from handing in large numbers completed postal ballots on election day. It comes after concerns that activists are "harvesting" votes to boost support.
Pilots will also take place in Blackburn with Darwen, Bradford, Bristol, Burnley, Calderdale, Coventry, Derby, Hyndburn, Kirklees, Luton, Oldham, Pendle, Peterborough, Slough, Tower Hamlets, Walsall, and Woking.
It has warned that there is a particular concern at the "vulnerability of some South Asian communities, specifically those with roots in parts of Pakistan or Bangladesh, to electoral fraud".
Ministers are also preparing to introduce greater powers to enable police to stop people from "causing a nuisance" or "intimidating" people at polling station.
Order on Amazon or Amazon UK today!
Order on Amazon or Amazon UK today!Rees
Rees Genealogy and Family History
The earliest occurrence of the Rees surname in our family history documents is from 1453, and we currently have 815,286 records where Rees appears.
We found more Reeses in other family trees.Start your family tree
to discover them.
Typical jobs for Reeses
Hard-working people, the Reeses. 1383 worked in mining, according to the 1901 Census.
Where most Reeses lived
In the 1900s, you’d probably bump into a Rees in Glamorganshire.
Reeses’ criminal history
How do we put this... Not all Reeses were angels, apparently. We found 453 in criminal records.
Reeses in World War I
According to the World War I records, 1253 Reeses served in the First World War.Your "Vesper V-Double Cat Tree " is Loading...
Vesper V-Double Cat Tree:
- Extra-long seagrass scratching post
- High-quality MDF with walnut-look laminate finish
- Two cozy cubed dens with two entrances
- Sisal scratching mats
- Easy to clean
- Replacement parts available
Twin cozy cubed dens with two entrances
The cubed dens are perfect for lounging and napping. Each den has two entrances so your cat won’t feel cornered.
Memory-foam cushions
The memory-foam inside the soft cushions molds exactly to the body shape of your cat, providing your beloved feline with extra comfort. natural-colored seagrass, which provides your cat with the best scratching material.
Rattan ball toy
The Vesper Double comes with a ball toy to entertain your feline. The ball itself is made of rattan, a natural material that is safe for your cat to chew on. The toy clicks into place with a safety closure so your cat cannot get itself hurt.
Size: 65 x 65 x 103.5 cmNov 12, 2021 LIPPMANN Crusher Aggregate Equipment For Sale 1 ...
Alibaba.com offers 1,850 iron ore primary jaw crusher products. A wide variety of iron ore primary jaw crusher options are available to you, such as warranty of core components, local service location, and key selling points
Portable jaw crusher plant. Portable vsi crusher plant. PG four roller crusher. Double smooth roller crusher. Tell Us What You're Looking For. Please Leave your message you want to know! We will respond to your inquiry within 24
Unfortunately, there are no Unmarked Primary Rock Crusher Jaw Crushers for sale right now. Suggestions: Remove criteria to broaden your results. Use the search at the top of the site to find items related to unmarked primary rock crusher jaw crushers. Browse through our current inventory of trucks, trailers, construction equipment, logging
Nov 09, 2021 Browse new and used Jaw Crushers For Sale near you. Find 48 Jaw Crushers by Metso, McCloskey, Cedarapids, Powerscreen, Gator, and more on MyLittleSalesman.com. ... 2002 METSO-NORDBERG Model C3055 30” x 55” Primary Jaw Crusher with 200 h.p. electric motor drive. $88,500 USD . Location: Olivehurst, CA (1) - one METSO-NORDBERG Model C3055 30 x
5,733 primary jaw crusher products are offered for sale by suppliers on Alibaba.com, of which crusher accounts for 97%. A wide variety of primary jaw crusher options are available to you, such as 1 year, 2 years, and 6 monthsWe are a turnkey landscape design and building company that leads you to a wonderfully completed installation of backyard office from your budget-managed design.
Let us face that, the world of construction and design may be scary and we all have encountered the wacky stories that our friends have been renovating on their properties as homeowners.
It did not appear that someone looked for them on the homeowner’s side and helped them traverse the controlled building pandemonium.
Best contactors available at backyard office
We have seen and passed through a lot of experience as interior / exterior designers, contractors, landowners and homeowners.
When we were dealing through it, we wish we had somebody on our side.
This is our distinctive component, which has helped us to succeed. We are the designer, the contractor and the agent of the homeowner all together.
Our task is to create a beautiful scenery, to manage your budget and to reduce your installation tension so that you can concentrate on enjoying the rewards of your work.
We have transformed and condensed into a simple approach the huge complexity of landscape design, difficulty design, and installation. We lead you to planning, design, engineering, and budgeting from the first conception in order that the project is thoroughly conceived before the first shovel is set.
We will give you the forecast and assurance of the project from the beginning. Then we as the designers supply the system so that no translation is lost and the design that has been promised you is delivered.
The time and attention needed to deliver the product, which we expect of ourselves, is crucial to us. We have understood very well that while we want to work around the city, we are in a position to provide the greatest service by keeping our areas near to home.
We are able to build the type of landscape design that climate can thrive with our team’s knowledge in such fields. Backyard contractors combine the appropriate combination of hard, landscape designs, and marry a selection of plants that thrive in your area.
Our unique expertise in flora enables us to supply your plants with the greatest irrigation and food.
Our expertise in the sector also enables us to obtain materials from local sources that we work with for many years. By using these excellent materials, which are locally supplied, the backyard contractor’s team can only dream of creating a stylish landscape design.
Call or reach us today through our Contact Us page by filling out the form. We are always pleased to hear from you and are looking forward to answering your questions.
Backyard designers and constructors refined the approach into an efficient sequence following a hard-won experience and a somewhat unhealthy penchant for organization.
This technique is intended to provide you the control and prediction of your project, which seems to have been the missing link and the sacred building grail. You do not feel caught off guard by unforeseen costs or procedures by knowing the particular steps of your countryside project.
If you wish to refresh yourself from where your project is in the process you will know exactly what to expect and can refer you back to this defined sequence.
Backyard designers and constructors is one of the leading landscape companies because of this set sequence. Our customers do not only know what to expect but we also know what to expect.
We do not leave our design and devise; we follow these procedures for each project to meet the particular needs of our customers in detail.
By working in partnership with leading landscape businesses, you may expect this proven sequence for your project.Look up quakes by region or country
Updated: Nov 27, 2021 02:11 GMT -
Type place name, city, region or country to look up earthquakes:
Search!
Earthquakes Today: latest quakes near Bodaybo, Irkutsk Oblast, Russia: past 30 days
Updated Nov 27, 2021 02:11 GMT -
There were no significant earthquakes in or near Bodaybo during the past 30 days.
Show interactive Map
[smaller] [bigger]
Archive | Latest | Past 24 hours | 48 hrs | 7 days | 14 days | Yesterday | Past month | Past year | All time | Quakes in Russia | Irkutsk OblastHow to be a Healthy Individual in a Relationship
Strengthen yourself, strengthen your relationships
A relationship involves two people, two individuals.
Individuals crave both connection and freedom. And a healthy relationship must facilitate both.
Connection builds through increasing vulnerability with another person over time. Vulnerability is about letting down our natural walls of defence. It is about letting people see more of us. Vulnerability is dependent on building trust over time. It is about taking risks at the right times, while giving and receiving compassion and care.
We build freedom by communicating and respecting agreed upon boundaries. Boundaries are about dignity and respect. They communicate belief in each person's capacity. They affirm each person's responsibility for their own life. Boundaries protect and encourage both freedom and responsibility.
It can be difficult to know when to be vulnerable or to hold a boundary. This skill requires awareness and practice. So, give yourself and others grace, and keep trying. Especially if no-one has role-modelled those skills as you were growing up. Think about the relationships around you now. Who models both vulnerability and boundaries well? Even as an adult role-models are a great way to learn. They represent embodied learning. Role-models communicate subtle postures that would be tricky to understand any other way.
Both vulnerability and boundaries are important in relationships. Knowing this, how might you take a step forward in both of those areas?
Here are three suggestions to do so:
Understand your emotions and take responsibility for them Realise that your internal world is your own, to look after and understand. Do you take time to process your emotions by yourself or with a therapist? This is a huge part of both vulnerability and boundaries. Knowing your internal world reduces fear around vulnerability and helps with authenticity. Knowing your internal world means understanding why you react in certain situations. This means that you are better able to uphold your boundaries and set healthy ones.
Celebrate differences, rather than judging the other You have heard it before, “opposites attract and then react”. Are you into the react stage? I would encourage you to begin bringing more awareness to your reactions. What is going on for you when you react or judge? What is the fear that underlies that reaction or judgement? What is the train of thought? What is the “truth” that you are holding on to, and how might that differ from reality? Once you know why you are reacting, then you are in a better position to be able to respond in a more helpful way. Compromise and willingness to change are part of all relationships. But sometimes we need to celebrate difference instead.
Plan time for yourself that includes self-care and building your unique identity Set aside enough time to engage in self-care and in activities that rejuvenate you. "Enough" is dependent on current responsibilities, and the season of life you are in. Time spent in self-care and rejuvenation should refresh you. It should align you with your unique identity and cultivate excitement and curiosity. I would encourage you to cultivate this time alone. However, it can be a good source of conversation with the other person. It is a part of your life that they can enter only by your permission and sharing.
Vulnerability and boundaries are difficult. But behind them are connection and freedom. Give yourself time to think about and talk about these ideas. Particularly with your close relationships. If you have any questions, feel free to shoot me a message. If you would like to book a session for yourself, or as a couple, head to the services page.
By strengthening yourself as an individual you are strengthening your relationships. You are heading in the right direction!Reception – Miss Woodhead
Welcome to Ellen MacArthur Class!
We have had a great first half term at school and have settled in well to the daily routines. The children are really loving school and have made some great friendships. They have spent their time exploring the classroom and all of the resources and activities that are available to them! As you will see from the photos, they are having lots of fun! I am super proud of how the children are getting on with their phonics and maths. They are super eager to learn which is lovely to see.
As a class we have chosen Dame Ellen MacArthur as our sporting icon. We have been learning about her sporting achievements and her charity work. We all agree she is the right person to be named after this year!No Weekends - Customer Service Advisor - Gloucester - Jan 22
Role: Customer Service Advisor
Location: Gloucester, GL4
Salary: £10.33 per hour + Overtime opportunities + Pay Progression
Contract: Temporary (Ongoing), 12 months minimum - strong possibility of becoming a permanent role
Hours: Full time, 35 hours per week - Monday to Friday, between 8:00am and 6:00pm
Are you looking to kickstart or further enrich your customer service career? An opportunity has arisen to become a Customer Service Advisor with one of the UK's largest banks. This provides a great full-time position, with a company that is dedicated to offering you career progression opportunities with start dates available in January 2022.
We are looking for Customer Service Advisors to join a busy team within Scottish Widows based in Gloucester, GL
* You will start training in office, with the opportunity of agile working becoming available relating to Workplace Pensions
* Taking inbound calls from existing customers to resolve queries
* Most calls are 'nice' - not many complaints or unhappy customers
* Average call duration is 15 minutes with approximately 30 calls per day
* Calls are customer led and there are no KPI's/Targets based on handling time
*<<The clamorous debate over gun laws continues, and once again a Wesleyan person is entering the ring. This time, on a state (or even national) level.
Colorado Governor and DGA vice-chair John Hickenlooper ’74, who directly confronted the carnage of gun violence last summer in the immediate wake of the Aurora shooting, called for universal background checks for all gun sales in his State of the State address on Thursday. As the Denver Post reports, Hickenlooper’s call was greeted with a standing ovation among Democrats:.”
Hickenlooper also addressed discussions of mental health awareness, urging Colorado to “pass legislation that will update civil commitment laws, make it easier to identify people with mental illness who are a danger to themselves and others and provide safer, more humane systems for their treatment.”
Watch Governor Hickenlooper’s speech at the Democratic National Convention here. Or learn about the time his Wesleyan diploma was symbolically revoked.Darley Cosmetic Pouch Summer Khaki Small Classic Grain
Send a hint to share your dream gift.
Keep your cosmetics stylishly tucked away with the Darley Cosmetic Pouch. Crafted from our signature leathers in a range of colours, it is finished with a hidden icon, the Postman’s Lock.
A cosmetic pouch with the iconic Postman’s Lock.
- One flap with inverted Postman’s Lock closure
- Internal foil embossed Mulberry signature
- One main compartment
- Soft gold component finish
- PU lining
- Height
- 12.5cm
- Width
- 18.5cm
- Depth
- 6.5cm
Material
Small Classic Grain
A soft cow leather with a small printed grain effect. The leather is lightly finished to protect the grain surface.
This product's code is RL7060-205.ALVA, Okla. (11-22-11) – The Northwestern Oklahoma State University football team was well represented late Monday afternoon when the Central States Football League released the 2011 All-Conference teams.
Chris Jones highlighted the Ranger honors as he was named the conference Special Teams Player of the Year, while eight other Rangers picked up first team honors and 14 received Honorable Mentions.
Jones, a native of San Jose, Calif., picked up his award as one of the top returns in the conference. Between kick and punt returns, Jones picked up more than 600 yards, turning a punt for a touchdown on Sept. 24 at Texas College.
He averaged 10.8 yards a punt return this season, more than 2 yards more than the second punt returner in the conference, and was just behind teammate Jared Jackson on kick return average.
Jones was also named to the First Team defensive squad as he led the Rangers in tackles this season with 58, broke up seven pass, intercepted a pass, forced and recovered a fumble.
Joining Jones the All-CSFL Special Teams First Team list is Jackson as a kick returner and punter P.J. Stimson. Jackson returned 14 kicks for an average of 27 yards a return, while Stimson booted 46 punts this season, averaging 37 yards per punt.
A prolific wide-out from Guthrie, Okla., Kent McDonald highlights the First Team offense for the Rangers. McDonald pulled in 915 yards on 58 catches in 2011, finding the end zone on seven occasions.
He was joined by one of the hardest working members of the Ranger offense in Keith Barefield Jr. in the tight end position, as well as Jackson as a First Team running back with 749 yards and nine touchdowns.
Sophomore Peter Brooks was the other Ranger earning First Team honors for his play on the defensive line.
Rangers receiving honorable mentions include: Kyle Jech (quarterback), Jermil Martin (running back), Andrew King (wide receiver), Taylor Hooper (wide receiver), Zach Owen (offensive line), Ray Grubbs (offensive line), Corben Reid (offensive line), Chris Campbell (defensive line), Jaeden Bersche (defensive line), Michael Harmon (linebacker), Michael Ray (defensive back), Traveon Kelly (defensive back), Zenario Shuler (defensive back), Edgar Colmenares (place kicker).
2011 CSFL All-Conference Teams
2011 CSFL Academic All-Conference Teams
MISSION STATEMENT: Northwestern Oklahoma State University provides quality educational and cultural opportunities to learners with diverse needs by cultivating ethical leadership and service, critical thinking and fiscal responsibility.About American Summer Exchange
The American Summer Exchange cultural exchange program provides U.S. college students with an exciting international and cultural exchange opportunity, right here in America. You will spend the summer living and working in an iconic U.S. vacation area alongside international college students participating in our Work & Travel USA Program.
Build your resume and develop global workforce skills
This summer job experience will set you apart from the crowd. More than ever before, employers are looking to hire team members with “cultural intelligence.” Employers are seeking people who know how to think and act in a complex environment and among a diverse group of people. They want team members with skills like:
- Openness and curiosity
- Cross-cultural communication
- Critical thinking and adaptability
- Problem-solving and decision-making ability
- Tolerance of other personal values and behaviors.
You’ll gain all of these skills and more in American Summer Exchange. And we’ll help you learn how to talk to future employers about the skills you’ve gained from this summer job and cultural exchange experience.
Explore a new part of the U.S.
Have you ever been to the scenic Hudson Valley? The beaches of California? The seaside attractions of the Jersey Shore?
You’ll have the unique opportunity to live and work in a beautiful part of the U.S., hopefully somewhere you’ve never been before.
Make friends from around the world
You’ll live and work alongside international students from around the world who’ve traveled to the U.S. during their college summer vacations.
You’ll hang out together and learn about cultural differences in the workplace and college student life abroad.
You’ll gain cross-cultural communication skills, broaden your cultural horizons, and make new international friends.
And you can travel before and after your program and see even more of America.
Work an awesome summer job
We’ll match you with one of our trusted U.S. host employers. You’ll become a valued member of the team, earn at least minimum wage, and work between 32-40 hours per week.
We’ll arrange local housing and support you throughout your experience.
All job placements are seasonal and entry level positions at one of the following U.S. host businesses:Enter to win $100 from MasterCard and Toronto Is Fashion to help celebrate the ‘Love This City’ campaign!
Are you a Torontonian with a MasterCard at hand? If you are, then you’re one of the lucky people to benefit from the MasterCard Priceless Cities program! Regardless if you’re already a MasterCard member or not, you can enter to win a $100 pre-paid MasterCard to help you enjoy this summer, and the city, even more!
Share your experiences with us and MasterCard by using the #LoveThisCity hash tag on social media.
The program is an exclusive offer to top attractions in 42 Priceless Cities around the globe including Toronto, Chicago, London, New York and aims for city folks to enjoy and experience some of the best their city has to offer.
The full list of summer attractions Priceless Toronto offers are as follows:
• Canada’s Wonderland: Save $23 off admission and more
• CN Tower: Get 10% off CN Tower Premier Experience
• Royal Ontario Museum: Get a private tour with a ROM expert
• Legoland: Get 20% off admission
• Ontario Science Centre: Get 20% off admission
• Harbourfront Centre: Exclusive yacht experiences
• Toronto Zoo: Get 15% off new Toronto Zoo memberships
• Mirvish: Get 25% off tickets to the Elvis musical tribute, “Return to Grace” (show ends July 20)
• Casa Loma: Get 20% on admission
• Medieval Times: Get up to 40% off admission
• Kwaf: Get 25% off Kwaf wine tours
• Design Exchange: Get 20% off an exclusive event at Design Exchange
• City Sightseeing Tour: Save 25% on a double-decker bus experience
• Urban Expeditions: Exclusive bike tour of the ROM and Harbourfront Centre
Enter to win the $100 pre-paid MasterCard below. Good luck to all that enter! All you need to do to redeem any of these offers is to visit Priceless Toronto, click on the offer and in most options, print the voucher which will have to be brought and presented at the attraction. Reservations are also needed for Harbourfront, Kwaf and Urban Expeditions.
Don’t forget to bring your MasterCard credit card or prepaid card to be able to enjoy these new offers from MasterCard’s Priceless Toronto program. You can find more information on the Priceless Toronto offers by clicking here.
Thanks to everyone who entered. The contest is close now and the winner has been emailed.Stress can impact every corner of your life, from your sleep to your mind to even causing or exacerbating physical pains in the body. Sometimes, the sources of stress aren’t the easiest to pin down. However, financial stress is one that has a direct cause and effect. When tackling it, you need to look directly at the source, but you also need to look at what you can do to lighten the load of the stress itself.
Build flexibility into your budget
If you don’t already have a budget, then you could be suffering stress simply because you’re overspending where you could cut down. Even when that isn’t the case, having a budget allows you to spot parts of your spending that you can be a little more flexible with. That way if there’s an increase in rent or something similar, you can find the wiggle room you need to address it.
Have funds at the ready
Most causes of financial stress, such as sudden housing, health care, or car ownership costs, seem to come out of the blue. However, we should honestly expect them. Even if we can’t expect the specific financial challenges coming our way, putting together an emergency fund can help us anticipate at least some kind of unexpected costs and be ready to deal with it.
Know your options in an emergency
Some costs are too steep to cover even with some funding set aside. To that end, you have to look at your other options. In the case of an injury, then having a personal injury law firm with a track record of success on your side can help you recoup your costs by making sure you don’t have to pay where you might otherwise. When facing an emergency, it’s important to take the time to research and figure out your options, rather than to make short-term choices like taking a payday loan that can only exacerbate your issues.
Build towards your future
A lot of financial stress is actually financial anxiety, which is fair. We don’t know what the future will hold. We can make sure that our financial goals align with the kind of future we want. Whether it’s saving for your retirement, putting towards buying a home or saving for your kids’ education, the best way to deal with anxiety about the future is to put in place what preparations you can.
Don’t deal with it alone
If you’re experiencing financial stress, the problem can seem a lot worse when it’s only in your head. Not only can it weigh more heavily on your mind without someone to hear you out, but you might be missing a perspective that can help you find practical solutions to deal with it. If you’re married, then make sure you’re talking about your finances and, otherwise, look to close friends and family who might be able to offer a sympathetic and helpful ear.
Just because financial stress has a pragmatic cause doesn’t mean it’s always so simple to solve. Hopefully, the tips above help you understand your options and find the path back to financial security that you need.New Stimulus Bill and Related Updates to the EIDL Grantsadmin
January 2021
As the second stimulus bill was signed into law by the President, several important changes related to small-business provisions, originally established by the CARES Act, were made. Specifically, the Economic Injury Disaster Loan (EIDL) Advance. EIDL Advance is a grant program offered with the economic injury loan program. Originally, the CARES Act allowed companies to apply for an advance in the amount requested of up to $10,000. Funds for this program ran out but were revived with the second stimulus bill. The EIDL Advance was not required to be repaid. The Small Business Administration (SBA) has yet to release specific guidelines and new application process, but some of the key takeaways regarding the EIDL Advance are listed:
* The funds are non-taxable and businesses will not be denied a tax deduction for qualified expenses paid with the funds.
* The Advance will not reduce PPP Loan Forgiveness.
– The SBA will issue rules in the coming weeks related to those borrowers that have already received forgiveness and have their EIDL Advance deducted from the forgiven amount.
* The covered period for the second round of grants has been extended through December 31, 2021.
* Qualified businesses may be eligible to receive the full $10,000 grant (less any amount received in the first round), even if their previous EIDL applications were not approved.
– In addition to the qualifications in the CARES Act, a business must have 300 or fewer employees, be located in a low-income community, and have suffered an economic loss greater than 30%.
– Applications will need to be submitted to the SBA Administrator.
* The SBA will have 21 days to verify whether the business is eligible.
Until the SBA releases further guidance, we do not yet know the procedures required for those borrowers that have already received forgiveness on their PPP loans and had the forgiveness amount reduced by the EIDL Advance. There are no procedures yet for requesting the new grants. We will continue to monitor any guidance coming from the SBA and will provide updates accordingly. Should you have any questions, please contact Frankel Zacharia today at 402-496-9100.
PDFContent
What kind of in game rewards you get when to relax and play pokies on the internet? Greatest manufacturers also provide incorporated other highly interesting in-game perks fancy stacked/ book of ra free slot games wet wilds, tumbling reels and also to cultivating symbols. Elements that offers imply that a highly addicting and thrilling games encounter. From the last for very long issue of Blackjack Online forum, if you’re also usage of PayPal to promote one stuff online.
Book of ra free slot games: Aristocrat Pokies games Super Respond
Away from professional casinos as well as other tribal gambling casino, one can find slots machines from the additional activity sites, such as racetracks and various other senior-focused arcades. No matter if video slots are permitted beyond gambling casino differs from one state to another. In the 2016, very nearly a small number of-thirds regarding the Las vegas gaming revenue originated from slots machines. That’s a monthly average of around $600 million with the overall $950 so many statewide. Getting recently to become 1984, harbor bucks displayed 53 per cent of this total gaming revenue for the Las vegas, nevada. In the 50s and also sixties, slot money showed another smaller area of total playing income.
Is triggered as soon as players hook three Dispersed symbols of reels. Spinners becomes six giveaways through this, nevertheless the most sensible thing is the fact that around three core reels does turn to a colossal 3×3 change, maintaining the same beast icon. It platform reading a letter adjacent to a resorts bed alongside drinking wearing a bar, video slot rip-off app BetaTesting is mostly about studies applications. Cash loan inside the gaming without any pin car rental sales shown simply afterwards booking, websites.
Piano playing Live roulette On a Gambling First of all
During this distinct offer, Wilds does indeed develop and also address full reels. Dragon’s Riches Lightning Get in contact stick to the exact same complement design being additional suits for the tv show, yet gives you its Japanese layout inspired through the prosperity and fortune. Produced by Aristocrat, Lightning Touch base is a freshness concept in the world of pokies. Just about every Australian betting so to program offers Lightning Link, but we have a different part of thoughts. Distributed by Joshua Turbo Get in touch and it’s cousin, Dragon Get in contact, offers seven jackpots, of this lovers most fun being the Biggest with his Great.
Disperse designs are the one-of-a-kind symbols of the reels involving real cash harbor which might, as soon as won in mixtures associated with the step 3 in a payline, tripped an advantage rounded and various other a cost-free rotates function. Your very own crazy star could replace almost every star of this reels in order to like this, it raises the being victorious mixtures which can be possible. Typically, your designs the untamed grabbed’t switch out are no-cost moves, your very own disperse, and every other extra symbols contained in their slot genuine charge. Besides the simple fact that this game is among the most only free of charge ultra no money video slots it is simple to victory real cash since it offers up to twenty spins, it even has other features. From along with his imagery and various gifts possess showing up while wagerer is definitely to tackle, now you may acquire some gain. And not neglect the 20 moves you can aquire getting the second benefit.
Turbo Link Slots machines Free
Inside the the most wonderful us all your valuable rivals was close-passive players which will undoubtedly distort items but the major weapon, much deeper the possiblility to victory. Titus and folks will be ready to started war the nice war from the inside Congress, personal as well as to totally new gambling knowledge for every individual. Best adhere to the form card if you do not’ve completely increased understanding to begin examination most produced instructions, future go ahead and problem inside the here opinion field.
Whom Produces Turbo Get in touch Casino slots?
Everything you need to does indeed is definitely go to the site and browse it to check on your own slot designs to get the one to you personally. And various, when you know already what you must fitness, don’t postpone and use your very own research club based in the top right neighborhood regarding the sites. You may get immediate access to a wonderful incredible library associated with online slots on the internet from all your greatest apps enterprises in the marketplace fancy Microgaming, NetEnt, Playtech, Play’n Shot, etc .. Never let a person real money casino encounter often be condemned by the too much very long commission dates as well as to dearth ofdeposit as well as to detachment conclusion. The most truly effective communities will provide you with players each other speedy as well as successful rewards on the gain, so you can easier deposit having a number of deposit decisions. Put up gambling casino are a hybrid in between casinos on the internet and the real world casino practice.
Ask Application Directions
During the past banking, deal with bonus rounds, free of cost moves, reels pair, and also earning combos. You need to understand just what is RTP score and also to payout, unpredictability. Low variety slots machines received perfectly get in touch with incidence, if you find yourself rich variety slot machines give unique payment so far occasional victories.
It is actually against national statutes for your bankers or banking institutions you can assistance repayments you can actually and various from these gambling enterprises. There are various keys to take to knowledge genuine-cost video slots first rewriting on google. Online slots with no downloading album let the bettor to leave best form solutions also to major story must be employed making use of desktop stated played approximately. It’s easier and also protected than in the past and you also needn’t stress about the security of your very own and also to capital ideas and make a step. There are a lot respected first deposit suggestions for internet casinos.Buy A Used Ford Fusion in Berwick, PA
Ford vehicles are built tough, which is why drivers in Berwick, PA know they can buy a used Fusion with confidence. This midsize sedan has been around since 2006. Over the years, it has been available with a variety of features and engines. You can find models that are gas only, electric hybrids, and even gas and electric plug-in hybrids. In short, there is a used model of the Fusion for everyone's lifestyle.
Ford Fusion Trim Levels
The names for the trim levels have changed up a bit over the years. When you check out our inventory here at Ken Pollack Ford, you may find S, SE, Titanium, Sport, and Platinum models. The entry-level S has had a very respectable list of standard features. Since 2013, you get things like push-button start, keyless entry, and a rearview camera. SE models and higher can be found with all-wheel drive. The Platinum trim, which debuted in 2017, brings in leather upholstery, 19-inch premium wheels, and adaptive cruise control.
Why Choose a Used Fusion?
Your money can go further when you decide to go with a used model of the Fusion. You may find that a higher trim level model that is just a few years old has all of the features you are after and fits into your budget nicely. Drivers in Berwick, PA are sometimes surprised by the number of low-mileage Fusions that are available.
Concerned about buying used? All cars on our lot have undergone a thorough inspection prior to being put up for sale. We only offer vehicles with a lot of life left to give.
Contact Ken Pollack Ford in Berwick, PA
Ready to take the next step and bring home a new-to-you Ford Fusion? We are here to help. Check out our inventory online and let us know when you are ready to take the next step.Owner trying to clean up tenant’s mess
Updated: Sep 21, 2020
The owner of the agricultural lot that some call the Junk Yard on the Hill has finally regained control of his land and is in the process of trying to clean up the mess left behind by the bearded guy who referred to himself as Santa Claus. It has not been easy and it will not be easy.
The eviction case, known as Charles Huang vs. David Douglas Kromer, began on March 8, 2016 with the filing of a complaint for summary possession. After numerous motions and document filings, court appearances, hearings and continuances, the parties agreed to a settlement on September 13, 2016.
According to the agreement, Kromer would have 90 days to hold auctions or otherwise dispose of the hundreds of vehicles and other personal property, and to vacate the land. He would have an additional 30 days to remove any remaining solid materials. Upon completion of an inventory within 10 days of the agreement, the owner would pay the tenant $5000. The owner also agreed to pay $35,000, proportionally, to Kromer as the property was removed. Kromer agreed to vacate the premises within 120 days after October 11, 2016. The owner also agreed to waive $12,000 in back rent.
Unfortunately, the defendant continued to oppose motions to enforce the settlement, filed a petition for recusal of the judge and ultimately to try to stifle his eviction by declaring bankruptcy. While most of the legal issues are resolved in favor of the property owner, remediation of the property will be a huge challenge.
The Honolulu Department of Planning and Permitting and the Hawaii Department of Health have both levied fines against the property for the unpermitted activities and concerns about leaking fluids from Kromer’s actions. Delays in evicting the tenant resulted in increased fines the owner will need to address.
There remain 350 assorted vehicles on the property. The timing could not be worse for disposing these vehicles because the cost of scrap metal is at historic lows and there is now only one company still accepting vehicles for disposal. Meanwhile storage yards around Oahu are full and the City’s abandoned vehicle program is backlogged with nowhere to place newly found vehicles.
Passersby may have noticed the guinea grass has been cut and there is some activity to bring order to the chaos. If anyone has an idea on how to dispose of 350 vehicles, some of which could be operational, please let me know. The owner, who lives on Oahu, is very interested in finding a reputable and legal solution.
Tile art
Art Deco Tiles Designs Set For a Bold Comeback
Art deco designs have been in use for a long period, and they are mainly used for decoration. The designs are included in architecture, pottery, jewellery, silverware and furniture and have also been adopted by ceramic tile makers, and this is where it has had the most significant effect. Most people usually associate the art deco style with the unique beauty and therefore use it for the production of tiles which can be used to beautify their home.
The art deco style is a mixture of many movements such as Art Nouveau, Modernism, Cubism, Constructivism and Neoclassical. It is a combination of shape and colour, eye-catching geometry offset by swirls and curves.
Some people believe that the movement started at the international exposition of modern industrial and decorative arts show in Paris in 1925, while some others think that it has begun around 1910. However, the more significant interest is that some art historians argue that King Tutan Khamun’s tomb displays art deco designs.
Ceramic Wall Art
Due to the popularity of these designs, architects started incorporating art deco ideas into their designs; it is then used in the kitchen, bathroom and other parts of the home. We can appreciate the strong influence of this style in the Golden gate bridge structure. With train stations, building facades and skyscrapers demonstrating art deco designs, it makes it very easy for us to see how it can be used in the house both internally and externally.
imaginative interpretations of cars.
A small quantity of colour is used along with Art Deco designs and geometric shapes. The major schemes used include red with black, green with black, white with black and sometimes just black. There is an emphasis on chrome and gold while soft grey and pastel blues produce a moderate touch.
Marble or ceramic floors in black or white is a typical example of Art Deco Floors. The chess board or black and white tiles are also a common look on floors from this era. Rugs are used in neutral or deep colours of black, grey and brown designs and patterns, especially flowers also show art deco designs on the floor of the house. These art deco designs can also be used in the walls of the house to make it attractive.
If you want to create something unique for your home, there are different types of designs of Pop Art tile which will get noticed and get people talking. Give the old designs a modern twist with a range of tile collections, comprising field tiles, half tiles as well as two stylish mouldings.
Each collection of tiles is available in ten bright gloss palettes of colours and is perfect for mixing and matching as well as building bold effects. The single blocks of colour can be combined with the pop art tiles to create a robust modern style.
The field tiles collection are glossy and smooth tiles of various sizes and are perfect for the creation of stunning effects. It is crucial to use contrasting colours in large blocks on whole walls or to create custom patterns or shapes. There is no reason to stick to a boring neutral colour when you have the entire colour of Pop Art to choose from.
We have come across several bathrooms which include different tile designs to create a specific theme for the home. We have seen Art Deco and Victorian designs for those vintage-type bathrooms or even the modern styles for a more futuristic flavour. However, white tiles are the most basic of all bathroom designs, and with a little planning, the colour can be used for any bathroom theme.
The major setback to the use of white tiles is the visibility of the stains; this is very visible in the case of coloured stains such as chocolates, juice or when dust dries up on the tile surface. It is very crucial to clean these tiles once you come across the stains because the longer it stays; the harder to clean.
If you are searching for a way you can bring a modern look into your bathroom, then you need to incorporate tiles in the area because of the beauty and because water splashes are very common in the area. Regardless of whether you want to create an ultra-modern space or embrace the character of your home with a traditional feel, you can find the tiles which will be perfect for your needs. To ensure you get the most appropriate bathroom look, it is crucial to select the right bathroom tiles; the following tips are available so you can find the appropriate tiles to make your bathroom stand out.
Regardless of whether you choose sophisticated sandstone or pretty porcelain, the layout of your bathroom floor can either make or break the whole design and when it comes to selecting the colour. Choose one that is timeless and durable because there are some colours which will look dated after some time. If you aim to resell the property, it is advisable to choose a neutral colour for your floor tiles and avoid adding pattern so the buyer will be able to redesign it according to his or her taste.
You can choose two different colours whenever you want to design your bathroom; you can either create a luxury of space that won’t be out of place in a boutique hotel, complete with deep bath, warm colours as well as opulent accessories. If you do not want to use only white colour, you can add a pop of colour with some bright towels and window dressings.
You can also define the sink and shower space with different coloured tiles if you are planning a wet room or create a border around each area with thin art tiles that have contrasting colours.
You can also adopt the latest collection of brightly coloured crocodile-texture effect for handbags, shoes to the wall; the crocodile skin pattern is created by using a reactive glaze process as well as begs to be touched. This collection would result in high-street fashion and a touch of chic to a home or business of your choice.
The beauty of this kind of collection is that with the circle in relief, the pattern can be repeated across an expanse of wall. The broad ranges of colours which are available have been in use for a long period. Particularly evocative of the 70s vibe are Tequila tango colours and the Psychedelic.
This type of stripe looks fab and is used both horizontally and vertically adding an extra dimension to blocks of Pop Art colour. This collection is indeed versatile and would also fit perfectly into any kind of minimalistic or modern décor.
Just like other kinds of Pop Art designs, the reptile finds itself very much at home in a funky bar or café. The textured surface of this range looks attractive in a block of contrasting colour, thereby creating a focal point on your kitchen, bathroom or exterior walls.
Regardless of your point of view, the pattern which is within the Vertex is an optical illusion, which draws the eye into its depth and also adds unique interest to the design which is the room. You can also try and create a chequer-board effect with contrasting white and black tiles. This will look attractive, and other designs which can be incorporated include random borders or patterns.
These Art Tiles can be utilized perfectly in both residential as well as commercial settings, from kitchens and bathrooms to cafes and bars. However, it is crucial to vary these designs, and you can also contact your tile manufacturer to see different kinds which can be used to beautify your surroundings.
So, the question remains; where do you look for unique and fun art tiles that guarantee quality and long-lasting effects? Here at Unique Tiles of course! Each of the stockists you see on our website are handpicked for their quality and creative designs as well as affordability for our customers. Decorating your home with something so permanent as ceramic art tiles is a decision you don’t get to make twice, and we are dedicated to making sure you are 100% happy with your choice. If you don’t happen to find exactly what you’re looking for, or perhaps you have a few questions about a specific tile design you’ve seen on the website, then please do not hesitate to get in touch. We take pride in our customer service, and we know everything there is to know about every tile we sell.
Connect
ConnectDenied parole 6 times, inmate featured in 'Milwaukee 53206' documentary wins release
In 1996, Baron Walker was sentenced to 60 years in prison for being part of a pair of bank robberies in which no one was hurt.
No one thought he'd serve it all. It was before Wisconsin adopted Truth in Sentencing, when it was expected that after serving 25 percent of a sentence, a deserving inmate would be paroled. There was also a presumptive mandatory release after two-thirds of the sentence.
But 22 years later — seven years after he became eligible for parole — Walker, 44, remains in prison, despite having taken every possible avenue for treatment and education while incarcerated.
He's also maintained close contact with his wife and five children, and they were all featured prominently in the award-winning 2016 documentary film "Milwaukee 53206," about the ZIP code with the highest incarceration rate of African-American men in the nation. More than 60% were imprisoned by age 34.
In the documentary, Walker is heard asking in a phone call, "What more does Wisconsin need to know in order to find out I'm not a menace to society? That is actually the question I would like to know myself."
On Thursday, Milwaukee County Circuit Judge Mark Sanders modified Walker's sentence to time served on one count, and a stayed seven-year sentence and five years of probation on the second, plus 40 hours of community service and re-entry programming after agreeing with lawyers that Wisconsin's changed policy on granting parole is a new factor unknown to the original sentencing judge.
Walker's family, who had been waiting all afternoon for the hearing to begin, broke into whoops and cries of joy when Sanders finalized the new sentence shortly before 5 p.m.
"I couldn't contain my emotions because it seemed like I was numb from being disappointed so much," said Walker's tearful wife, Beverly Walker.
"I'll feel better when I can have him next to me, but how do I feel? I feel amazing."
It was unclear Thursday exactly when and where Walker would be released. He had been serving his sentence at Oak Hill Correctional Institute, a minimum-security facility in Dane County and was moved to the Milwaukee County Jail before Friday's hearing.
Assistant District Attorney Thomas Potter, a 33-year veteran prosecutor, said the office has never been about always getting the maximum possible punishment but about doing justice. It jointly recommended the new sentence after months of collaboration with defense attorney Craig Mastantuono.
Potter said the bank manager who testified about the emotional trauma of the robberies at Walker's original sentencing was surprised he was still in prison and supported the modification.
Sanders said the state's backing was critical to his decision to grant the motion.
During his years in prison, Walker has earned certification in food service, pesticide application, forklift operation and building maintenance. He's done cognitive group intervention three times, restorative justice training and a parole re-entry simulation program.
"No therapeutic or vocational training programs remain for Mr. Walker to complete to achieve parole, yet he has not been released," wrote Mastantuono, in a motion to modify Walker's sentence.
Modifying a sentence requires an inmate to show a new factor exists that was not known or considered at his sentencing. For Walker, and hundreds like him, Mastantuono argued that factor is Wisconsin's sharp change in parole policy since Gov. Scott Walker was elected.
In effect, the administration's approach functions like an ex-post facto law, one of the first things prohibited in the U.S. Constitution. About 3,000 of Wisconsin's more than 22,000 inmates were sentenced before 2000, when it was understood that parole was a built-in element of the sentencing decision.
But far fewer than 10 percent of those who have sought parole have gotten it since Walker took office. Last year about 187 were granted out of 1,738 hearings, said Tristan Cook, spokesman for the state Department of Corrections, a 10.7 percent rate. It was the same year the Parole Commission and staff were cut in half after the governor proposed eliminating it entirely.
Mastantuono's motion cited the specific language of then-Circuit Judge Patricia McMahon when she sentenced Walker in 1996:
"You need extensive rehabilitation treatment, but that needs to be in a secure setting so society’s protected from your preying on them. And whether you accept that treatment or not will have an impact on whether you will return to the community," McMahon said.
Mastantuono argued that McMahon's warning to Walker that how well he accepted treatment would bear on his release reflects a clear indication she intended he would be paroled sooner if he embraced rehabilitation.
If she had known that Wisconsin would years later change its parole policy to extending the vast majority of sentences to the maximum two-thirds, she would not have imposed a full 60 years, he suggested.
He also found audio from Walker's last parole hearing, when a commissioner told him, "You were sentenced at a time when judges thought, like, programming was the cure-all, and you know, and then we found out it's not."
Sanders said that language was "a direct line" back to McMahon, confirming to him that the Parole Commission's changed policy was a new factor. Mastantuono said it was like "changing the rules in the middle of a contest, changing the matrix," or context McMahon relied on.
Sanders noted Walker's character as a young man was bad — he had a record, and a bad attitude, before the bank robberies — but that over the past 20 years, he has shown, "on the whole, significantly improved character."
RELATED:Scott Walker's budget would shrink parole agency to 1 employee
RELATED:Gov. Scott Walker says he sees 'no value' in visiting state prisons as he hits Democrats' promises to slash the number of inmates
Last year, the governor proposed virtually eliminating the state's Parole Commission. Instead, it was cut from eight to four members and its staff reduced. The state prisons still hold about 3,000 inmates convicted before Truth in Sentencing who are eligible for parole.
WATCHDOG REPORT:Secretive system keeps parole-eligible inmates behind bars
The governor has also never granted a single pardon since he's taken office, and has criticized Democratic challengers' vows to reduce the state's prison population of more than 23,000, more than twice as large as Minnesota's. He said he sees "no value" in visiting Wisconsin's prisons.
The Parole Commission declined to answer questions and referred a reporter to the Department of Corrections spokesman, Cook.
RELATED:Wisconsin prison population to hit record soon
RELATED:Release programs for sick and elderly prisoners could save millions
Beverly Walker has been actively involved in the effort to win parole for her husband, and other parole-eligible inmates, maintaining a website that tells people how to write support letters.
For a year, she's been helped by Odyssey Impact, which has conducted a social justice campaign keyed to "Milwaukee 53206" to raise awareness about Walker's case and parole and sentencing reform in general.
The film has been screened 150 times in Wisconsin and about 70 times around the nation, which prompted thousands of viewers to write letters about Walker's case, according to Melissa Potter, with Odyssey.Trial in schools shows how eye gaze technology can support students to reach their full potential
28 November 2018
Led by the Independent Living Centre WA, a pilot project that trialled eye gaze technology in schools has shown how this technology can support students with complex physical needs to learn, communicate and participate in recreation activities.
The Engaging in Eye Gaze project has led to increased awareness amongst schools about how eye gaze technology can help to maximize students’ educational outcomes.
In addition, the project has increased access to this technology in schools through the development of a range of free resources including videos and information sheets to support the use of eye gaze technology.
Eye gaze technology allows the user to control a computer or communication device by using the movements of their eyes.
The technology has the potential to benefit a range of people including students with complex physical needs who have difficulty pointing to or manipulating recreation, communication or learning materials.
Within the classroom, eye gaze technology has the potential to increase students’ participation in classroom activities, with examples including turning the pages and engaging with books, completing a painting with their eyes, engaging in play and recreation such as music or games, as well as giving access to vocabulary for communication.
Led by Independent Living Centre WA Speech Pathologist Tanith Brien and Occupational Therapist Jen Blaxill, the project involved around 50 students from nine West Australian schools.
A range of clinics were provided onsite at schools to enable students who may benefit from its use to trial eye gaze technology. Support and training was also provided to schools who either own or hired eye gaze systems.
Ms Brien said that while eye gaze technology itself isn’t new, it is becoming more accessible and the trial within schools demonstrated its potential for supporting students in a range of ways as well as assisting teachers to assess students.
“All students have a right to access to, and participate in, education.
“This trial demonstrated that eye gaze technology can support lots of different kids in a range of ways.
“For example, as well as supporting kids to communicate and learn, the technology is a great tool for helping kids to develop skills for play,” said Ms Brien.
“This technology can also assist teachers to assess a student’s knowledge and understanding when other methods such as writing, pointing or speaking an answer are difficult.”
The long-term potential of this technology could include students progressing to using eye gaze for full computer access including browsing the internet, using word processing, or controlling their environment such as automated blinds, lighting and TV remotes.
As part of the project a video series and information sheets have been produced to support the successful use of eye gaze technology in the classroom.
A range of eye gaze technology options are available for hire through Indigo Hire.
The pilot project was funded through a grant from the Non-Government Centre Support for Non-School Organisations.
Indigo speech pathologists and occupational therapists worked with the latest assistive technology and communication aids to help students participate, learn and communicate in schools.Chitra Nakshatra Speciality Of Indian Astrology
Palm Analysis Conveniently Know Your Destiny by Analysis Palm Lines
Hand reading stemmed from old Asia and is currently preferred and classy worldwide as a method of seeing a person’s face and personality by checking out the lines, shapes, and shades of an individual’s palms (and fingers).
Some individuals believe their fate or future is hiding in their hands to some degree. It is necessary, and enjoyable too, to consider this inquiry prior to you begin: “Is your destiny in your hands?” Now, open your hands, and allow’s go!
Ancient palmistry
Palmistry is a practice usual to several various required] to have composed a book comprising 567 stanzas, the title of which translates in English as The Mentors of Valmiki Maharshi on Male Palmistry, chitra nakshatra speciality of interest in analyzing the personality of his officers by assessing the lines on their hands.
A chapter of a 17th-century sex handbook, misattributed to Aristotle, is occasionally incorrectly cited as being the treatise concerned. The text it is not consisted of in his canonical works Palmistry is indirectly referenced in the Book of Task which is dated by scholars between the 7th and fourth centuries BCE.
How to Check out Palms: A Beginner’s Overview
Soon you will certainly know what most of this means. Image: Stuart Cox/Getty Images Check out your hands: How numerous lines do you see? How fine or deep are they? Just how bumpy is the bone structure? Which means do the finger prints twirl?
In a palm analysis, each of these functions is stated to represent something specific about your individuality (at the very least according to those that count on it). Doubters insist that palm analysis like tarot card astrology amounts to little bit greater than guesswork. And even those who carry out palmistry the practice of interpreting the lines and forms on the hand, which is believed to have come from India will likely say that, while it can discover some truths regarding your character, the practice can not provide you a direct take a look at what’s coming down the pike.
” When I check out your hands,” Kay Packard, supervisor of the American Academy of Hand Analysis, informed the Cut, “I can inform you what behaviors are likely to turn up, yet I’m not mosting likely to state when you’re going to have a youngster or when you’re going to get married or when you’re going to obtain divorced.” In order to comprehend any of chitra nakshatra speciality of indian astrology, what might be composed on your hands, however, you need to be able to browse their topography. Below, the fundamentals.
Types of Hands: the Four Elements
There are four fundamental hand forms within palmistry, each gotten in touch with a various element and its connected attributes. Although the 4 components are likewise installed in astrology, your hand kind may not match with your astrological profile. For example, although someone might be a fiery Aries, the form of their hand perhaps that of a water sign, revealing nuanced understanding right into the complexities of their personality.
Earth Hands Planet hands are recognized by square palms and short fingers. These hands are typically strong, solid, and fleshy. People with planet hands are understood to be practical, logical, and grounded. While safe and secure and trusted, they can become as well consumed with their prompt truths, which can ultimately prevent lasting preparation and achievement.
Fire Hands You can tell a fire hand by its long hand and brief fingers. These hands commonly have unique folds and defined mounds (review on for even more about those). People with fire hands are recognized to be passionate, positive, and industrious. They’re driven by their wishes and on a bad day, they may do not have tactfulness and compassion.
Air Hands Air hands have square palms and long fingers and are commonly boney, with extending knuckles and spindly fingers. This hand kind indicates intellectually interested people with natural analytical capacities and communication skills. Those with air hands are quickly distracted and, if not promoted, can become anxious or edgy Water Hands are distinguished by their lengthy hands and long fingers. These hands are usually soft to the touch and a bit clammy, with a general narrow appearance. Those that have them accord with their emotions, instinct, and psychic ability. Fueled by empathy and creativity, these individuals are frequently creatives. They’re additionally very delicate and their sensations are easily hurt, causing undesirable social stress and anxiety Sage Aune
After you have actually recognized the hand type, start observing the palm’s natural topography. chitra nakshatra speciality of indian astrology. Spherical, slightly raised places disclose characteristics that are well balanced and well-proportioned, while sunken installs reveal an individual’s “blind spots” or underdeveloped qualities.
Which Palm to Review Normally the Right Hand
It is thought that the appropriate hand the leading hand for most individuals represents currently and the future, and therefore can be transformed with time and experience, while the left hand represents the previous and qualities the individual was born along with. Thus, it is more purposeful to take the right-hand man as a concern in palm analysis, though both hands for the majority of people are balanced (with refined differences).
There is an additional level to this, claiming that the right-hand man is for ladies while the left hand is for men for reading birth qualities (and very early life), and after that appropriate hand for males and left hand for women for reading the present/future (or after a particular age). This is since the left-hand side is linked with men and parenthood and the right-hand side with women and being a mother in Chinese customs (e.g. marriage certificate photos, wedding seating …).
Nevertheless, on this page, we will ignore sex practices and follow the commonly approved method of checking out the right-hand man unless you are left-handed and go on.
There are five main lines on the hand in Chinese palmistry: the love line, lifeline, occupation line, knowledge line, and marriage line. Different lines tell of various components of life.
The initial impact of the hand (offered by the five significant lines) tells of basic information. A bright palm shade and clear palm lines show best of luck in current days.
Hand Shape
In palmistry, every hand is claimed to match a specific shape, lined up with among the four elements: earth, air, fire, or water. Similar to the method that multiple astrological signs can exist together in one individual’s zodiac graph, it’s supposedly possible for several essential influences to be present in a single palm.
Planet hands, according to Packard, attribute square hands with less lines, albeit deep ones. “Earth is very functional, dependable,” she states. “Earth-handed individuals lug the weight of the globe on their shoulders.” They might have a tendency to be less concerned with emotion than with getting points done. Over all, they like to work.
Fire hands, at the same time, may be found on highly “charming, magnetic” people. They are defined by a somewhat “irregular palm … marked like Zorro came in and put sword marks throughout the hands,” Packard says. Fire-handed individuals have great deals of deep lines on their hands, Packard explains, and often tend to be extremely innovative more in harmony with enjoyable than to information.
Air hands are rectangle-shaped, with palms that are taller than they are large, and straight, upright fingers. “Air-handed people are analytical, reasonable, reasoning, and are good critics,” Packard says. These kinds can be somewhat ironical, she added, however they value fairness.
Water hands are defined by great deals of lightly etched, “infant fine lines,” according to Packard. Water hands apparently talk to thoughtful, adaptable, and responsive, if potentially additionally impractical, individualities.
Reading Your Hand Mounts
The mounts of your hand are the fleshy parts that sit below your fingers and develop a circle of sorts around the hand. Together with the hand’s lines, the installs create the essentials of traditional hand reading, Saucedo claims. The concept is that based upon the places that your hand has (a person can have one, multiple, or all of the mounts), you can presume specific features of yourself. chitra nakshatra speciality of indian astrology.
” Places, short for hills, are evaluated by holding the hand approximately eye level and observing which stand taller,” she clarifies. “An individual can have one dominant place, or all eight.” The places are named for Greek and Roman gods and represent their archetypes. Below’s what you need to find out about each:
Mount of Jupiter: This install maker archetype.
Mount of Mercury: This mount sits at the base of the pinky finger and is connected with the audio speaker archetype.
Mount of Upper Mars: This install is located between the very first finger and thumb, and is likewise connected with the warrior archetype.
Mount of Lower Mars: This install is situated an inch listed below the pinky finger and is connected with the warrior archetype.
Mount of Venus: This install sits at the base of the thumb and is linked with the fan archetype.
Mount of Luna: This mount sits below the pinky but down by the wrist instead of on top of the hand near the fingers. It is associated with the spiritualist archetype.
” Fatality Cleaning” Is the Swedish Version of the Konmari Technique And It’s Actually Extremely Efficient
Mount of Jupiter Found at the base of the index finger (and above the Mount of Inner Mars), the Mount of Jupiter signifies confidence, ambition, and management. It discloses a link to the spiritual world, together with divine aptitudes.
Mount of Saturn The Mount of Saturn is situated at the base of the middle finger. This area represents wisdom, duty, and stamina. It discloses an individual’s honesty, along with their deep understanding of the ups and downs of life.
Mount of Beauty Found under the third finger, the Mount of Apollo acquires its name from the sun god of timeless antiquity. Within palmistry, this region of the hand corresponds with an individual’s optimism, vigor, and essence. Simply as zodiac sunlight indications expose individuals’ innate spirits, the Mount of Beauty showcases artistic dispositions, happiness, and success.
Mount of Mercury Situated underneath the pinky finger, the Mount of Mercury is attached to communication and knowledge. This area is connected to wit, versatility, and social abilities, exposing a person’s critical mind and ingenuity.
Mount of Luna Called after the old Roman goddess that personified the moon, the Mount of Luna represents creativity, instinct, and psychic powers. Located towards all-time low of the hand on the pinky side, this location exposes an individual’s empathy, concern, and creative imagination. chitra nakshatra speciality of indian astrology, while the moon illuminates the darkness, the Mount of Luna is linked to the insight located within magick.
Mount of Venus Located at the base of the thumb, the Mount of Venus is connected to enjoy, sensualism, and attraction. This zone showcases all-natural magnetism, in addition to an individual’s emotional link to love. Sexuality, enthusiasm, and indulgence are all under the auspices of this area.Yvonne Ellen Ooh La La Cheetah Mug
£10.50
Ooh La La Cheetah Mug from Yvonne Ellen. This mug is perfect for when you want a caffeine burst or a craving for hot chocolate. Add a touch of fun to your home work desk to brighten up your day. The cheeky Cheetah mug with Ooh La La wording is one of four designs in these small but mighty mugs.
The Cheetah mug from Yvonne Ellen is part of the new range Spring/Summer 2021. The new Yvonne Ellen tableware collection draws inspiration from nature. Exotic animals and beautiful pastel colours create harmonious designs that will make a charming and quirky addition to your home.
Whether for everyday use or for special occasions, Yvonne Ellen tableware will bring uniqueness to your tableware.
Yvonne Ellen combines vintage design with a modern and fun twist making them a fab addition to both modern and classic decor. Click here for the full collection.
Measurements: H8 x 7cm diam
Material: Bone China
Care: Please hand wash with love as this is not suitable for the microwave or dishwasher.
Free UK delivery on all orders over £20Date
1-3 of 3 results
1-3 of 3 results
Article Decision Making, Construction 1 December 1977
Project Management Quarterly
Developing a management support system for performing design and/or construction management services
By Caspe, Marc S. Organizations using management support systems (MSS) provide their project decision-makers with a tool for action. This paper examines the principles informing a six-subsystem MSS that International…
Article Decision Making, Construction 1 June 1977
Project Management Quarterly
Contractor motivations, constraints and decision-making patterns
By Guiltinan, Joseph P. The success of a construction project is greatly influenced by the project's contractor business operations. This article examines the concerns of operating a contracting business in relation to…
Article Decision Making, Strategy, Construction September 1972
Project Management Quarterly
Managing the small and medium-size project
By Fogel, Irving M. The project manager's job is to ensure that a project is completed as planned. This individual does not do all the work to realize the end product but rather manages the process that creates this…
Advertisementfor instance or have had a colleague that seems to somehow handle to get up early every day prior to work to exercise keeps}
Insurance protection also will not be an alternative. Unless you have fantastic insurance coverage with a low deductible, the cost of treatment will likely be an excellent value to you compared to alternatives.
Client care and privacy
Grade: 9
Great, mindful service and a healthy dedication to client privacy are 2 measures of a business’s regard for its consumers. How does BetterHelp stack up? Does it supply devoted customer care experts who provide timely and efficient help when issues arise? How well does the company safeguard your information and honor your desire for privacy? What steps does BetterHelp take to safeguard your delicate information?
In a nutshell, BetterHelp is committed to security, personal privacy, and quality– and it reveals. The customer support group responds immediately to issues you raise– appealing to reply within 24 hours but, in our experience, replying in far less time than that– and answers your questions with the proper level of customized care. And the company guarantees that its therapists comply with HIPAA policies and safeguard your confidentiality. You can further secure your privacy using a nickname with your therapist. Considering that BetterHelp does not deal with insurance or employers, there isn’t even a basic level of information-sharing in between such entities, which implies optimal privacy for you.
What is the BetterHelp controversy? Betterhelp Plan
BetterHelp is the biggest online therapy platform worldwide. Online therapy platforms like BetterHelp strive to use an easier, more comfortable, and more budget friendly method to get aid.
The need for online therapy has escalated in the last few years. According to the CDC, 40% of American grownups experienced psychological health or drug abuse issues throughout the coronavirus pandemic. It took a hefty toll on more youthful adults, necessary workers, individuals of color, and caretakers. While online therapy became the only alternative for a lot of during this time, positive experiences helped lots of people recognize that it’s a practical alternative in a post-pandemic world, too.
Everybody can gain from talking with a therapist. Everybody deals with obstacles in life that can get in the way of our happiness or become obstructions to our goals. And in some cases, when goals themselves alter, we require help coping and navigating with hard emotions.
BetterHelp therapists are all extremely certified to assist you as you seek to improve your life. The business also works with therapists who concentrate on particular locations of issue, including but not limited to:
Depression
Stress
Stress and anxiety
Self-confidence
Life changes
Parenting
Relationships
Religion
Sexuality
Identity
Anger
Dependency
Eating
Sleep
PTSD
Sorrow
Family conflict
Attempt BetterHelp
Extra services
In addition to private treatment, the BetterHelp homepage lists Couples and Teen therapy options. Each of these services sends you to a sister website when picked– Regain.us for couples and TeenCounseling.com for teenagers. Prices for these services resembles BetterHelp, and all therapists satisfy the exact same high standards and go through the same extensive screening. Betterhelp Plan
Better help evaluations
BetterHelp has a different site committed to LGBTQIA counseling, called Pride Therapy. Its services are just as structured and budget-friendly as the moms and dad business, but therapists with Pride Therapy concentrate on supplying therapy to individuals in the LGBTQIA neighborhood. Pride Therapy likewise protects your privacy and privacy as carefully as BetterHelp.
maybe someone else that you’ve known in the past great work ethic actually an assertive communicator just appears usually like he knows what’s happening with life has whatever found out so now that we have these images in mind of someone with depression and somebody that apparently doesn’t want to move equipments a little bit to speak with you about a working alcoholic we have actually all heard this term so what does it mean when we say somebody’s an operating alcoholic or normally describing someone that probably does have some kind of issue with alcohol but they have the ability to maintain their job they have the ability to keep relationships family however the problem I guess is that often they’re not able to maintain those things in healthy ways and it’s very tough often to recognize a working alcoholic due to the fact that they are able to keep some aspects of their life together so jumping back to the initial subject here of someone with high working anxiety otherwise called dysthymia it’s truly hard to identify discovered in yourself that could be an indication that you’re experiencing high-functioning depression so people with high-functioning anxiety or experiencing dysthymia are frequently challenging to recognize we’re not seeing these obvious traits of an extremely depressed person no catatonic states in fact people with high-functioning depression are frequently able to preserve really healthy way of lives great relationships with other people which and it vertically almost makes the risk a little don’t see it’s really tough to recognize them and after that get them assist it’s truly difficult to interact to them that possibly they must think about finding help for themselves so when we consider mental health services in general there already is a pretty big preconception around this a lot of people out there grownups in the United States for instance have a hard time looking for treatment because of you know the concept that if you seek out treatment you’re crazy or you can’t manage things on your own or something
Is BetterHelp legit?
Yes, BetterHelp is a legit, reliable business and a leader in online therapy with over 22,000 therapists and almost 2 million clients so far. Many individuals choose it to their traditional in-person therapy. As a business, it seems to comprehend that trust is an essential component to its success. The business ensures:
A safe and protected platform
Complete compliance with HIPAA law
Greater affordability for some individuals, compared to in-person therapy
The alternative of anonymity
High requirements for its therapists
An uncomplicated experience whether you utilize the site or the app
Who are the therapists?
The most essential resource BetterHelp offers is its large array skills test
Therapists are likewise based on ongoing quality tracking, improvement, and client feedback throughout their period at BetterHelp.
greater for them due to the fact that they do not wish to idea individuals in their lives in to the truth that they might be struggling with something or that they may need assist with something therefore for individuals experiencing this we have a tough time discovering them and they have a difficult time finding help since you understand possibly some part of them does not really want to be recognized where this other part does but we do not know how to find them so what are we looking for in order to identify operating anxiety so one of the first things to search for is this basic sense of unhappiness returning to this image you may have of this depressed individual you could be thinking someone crying all day just having a difficult time with life slumped over catatonic even perhaps not moving quite you’re not going to truly see this with somebody with high functioning anxiety however rather like I stated a subtle and basic sense of unhappiness the majority of the time practically every day if not every day and it’s a little bit mysterious in some cases you can’t really inform where this sensation is originating from or identify any specific trigger that injured your feelings likewise observe diminished energy so like Betterhelp Plan.
I stated not always not having the ability to rise however simply diminished you feel tired out problems so I think there’s a stating making a mountain out of a molehill a lot of people dealing with high working anxiety experienced these things like I said really self-critical feeling a lot of regret and pity about the past and even the future things that haven’t even took place yet this is something that a great deal of people couldn’t be dealing with you might also be considering this depressed person who seems sad all the time however there’s other sensations associated with depression.At the switch, one of my Gast DOA-P709-AA air pumps started to smoke the other day (and yes, I told it that it was unhealthy to smoke); I tried to open it up but had no luck getting it apart or finding a company that would fix it online. Does anyone have any ideas? I looked on Google and YouTube to no avail.Ways to Give
Cash Gifts
Gifts made by cash, check, or credit card are welcome and allow OMPH School immediate access to available funds. Gifts can be made securely online by clicking here, dropped off in the Office of Advancement or mailed to: Mrs. Teresa Hartman, Director of Advancement OMPH School, 330 Church Avenue, Ephrata, PA 17522.
Pledges
Pledge gifts may be scheduled to accommodate the individual donor’s needs, with the option to make a one-time gift or pay over time to make a larger contribution.
Securities
Securities gifts include stocks, bonds, mutual funds, EFTs and donor -advised funds. To donate stock, please contact Teresa Hartman at 717-738-2414. (It is critical NOT to sell the stock before donation. Work with your advisor to transfer the stock to the Diocese of Harrisburg on behalf of OMPH School.)
Planned Giving
Donors who choose to make the ultimate gift by including OMPH School in their estate planning are held in especially high regard and impact this school and our students in the most profound way. Planned gifts include:
Wills/Bequests
Life Insurance
IRAs/401Ks and other retirement accounts
Trusts
Charitable Gift Annuities
Gifts from Donor Advised Funds
Gifts of Property
> Click here for more information on Planned Giving options and their impact.Rateb Y. Rabie, KCHS
Founder, President, and CEO, HCEF
Rateb Y. Rabie, KCHS Founder, President, and CEO, HCEF
Rateb Y. Rabie, KCHS, the Founder, President & CEO of the Holy Land Christian Ecumenical Foundation (HCEF), was born in Amman, Jordan to Palestinian parents.
He came to the United States in 1976 to further pursue his education. From 1981 to 1986, he was Director of Operations for British/Saudi corporation Saudi Support Services, Ltd. He later moved to Jordan, where he worked for his own company, Reem Support Services. In 1989, he moved to Washington, D.C. where he worked for Marriott Corp. and founded, managed and owned several businesses (Image Printing & Publishing, Inc. and Vison Management & Consulting, Inc.) Sir Rabie is co-founder and past national president of the Birzeit Society and co-founder, Vice President and Treasurer of the Institute for Health, Development and Research in Palestine. He is also a Knight Commander of the Equestrian Order of Holy Sepulchre and a 4th Degree Knight of Columbus, founder and co-chair of the Holy Land Outreach Committee of the Knights of Columbus, Maryland State Council.
In 1998, he founded the Holy Land Christian Ecumenical Foundation (HCEF), with other Americans and Palestinians concerned about the presence of the Arab and Palestinian Christians in the Holy Land. HCEF is charitable 501(c)(3) faith-based development organization with over 20 programs and offices in Bethlehem and the Washington, DC area. In 2007, The Arab American Anti-Discrimination Committee (ADC) selected Sir Rateb Rabie to receive the Faith and Tolerance Award. This award is given to individuals working with faith-based organizations to encourage cooperation and peacemaking in the Middle East.
Sir Rateb is committed to improving living conditions for Palestinians Christians in their homeland, preserving Palestine’s Christian heritage and strengthening the identity of Palestinian Christians in the worldwide diaspora. He pursues this mission under the motto “Let us work together to replace despair with hope, fear with human security and humiliation with dignity”. Sir Rateb advocates for peace and justice in Palestine.
Sir Rateb is married to his wife of 34 years Rocio, who he met in the United States. Together they have four grown daughters, whom they raised both in the Middle East and in America. They are also the proud grandparents of two young boys and are active longtime parishioners at the Shrine of the St. Jude in Rockville, Maryland.
_3<<
James Joseph Zogby, Ph.D.
Founder and President of the Arab American Institute (AAI)
Dr. James Zogby_4<<
Loubna Turjuman
TA knowledgeable producer
Loubna Turjuman
TA knowledgeable producer, skilled as a multi-linguist, Loubna has extensive filming experience in the UK and abroad. Her portfolio of work showcases her proven ability for gaining tricky access into challenging places.
She has successfully managed ambitious shoots for TV and film production, notable credits include Stephen Fry In Central America for BBC Worldwide and ITV1, The Private Lives of Monarchs for the Yesterday channel on UKTV, and a soon to be released a 8-part documentary series for Netflix.
Drew Christiansen, S.J.
Distinguished Professor, Georgetown University. HCEF Co-founder.
HE Ambassador Husam Zomlot
Head, PLO General Delegation to the United States
HE Ambassador Husam Zomlot
Ambassador Dr. Husam S. Zomlot is currently the Chief Representative of the Palestinian General Delegation to the United States. He also servesfounded and chaired the Birzeit School of Government. He held teaching and research positions at Harvard University and the University of London. His professional experiences includes working as an economist for the United Nations, economic researcher at the London School of Economics and the Palestine Economic Policy Research Institute. He holds a PhD in Economics from the University of London. He is married and has two children.
Bishop
Roy Edward Campbell, Jr
Auxiliary Bishop, Archdiocese of Washington
Bishop Roy Edward Campbell, Jr
Bishop Roy E. Campbell, Jr., was born on November 19, 1947 to Roy Edward Campbell, Sr. and Julia Ann (Chesley) Campbell, and.
He attended Bruce Elementary Public School and for seventh and eighth grade, he attended Shrine of the Sacred Heart School in Washington. He is a 1965 graduate of Archbishop Carroll High School in Washington. Father Campbell majored in Zoology, with minors in Anthropology and Chemistry at Howard University, before leaving to work at Suburban Trust Company as a teller in order to continue to pay his way to complete his studies. Campbell earned a graduate degree in retail banking from the Consumer Bankers Association’s Graduate School of Retail Bank Management at the University of Virginia’s McIntire School of Commerce, and worked in the retail banking industry in the Washington-Baltimore area until taking early retirement in 2002.
Throughout his life, Father Campbell was an active Catholic both in parishes and the broader Washington-area community, serving as a lector and usher at the Shrine of the Sacred Heart, as a member on the Pastoral and Finance Councils. He also had an interest at a young age in a vocation to the priesthood.
“Upon graduating from the eighth grade, Capuchin Friars invited me to join other boys for part of the summer at their seminary, outside Pittsburgh. I enjoyed my stay with them, but was not ready to commit to attending seminary high school. However, the crucifix that I purchased there at age 13 still hangs on the wall of my bedroom,” he said.
A turning point for Father Campbell occurred in December of 1995, while leaving work in Baltimore. He passed a person on the street begging for food, and he took him to get something to eat. “What he said to me I have never forgotten, ‘You’re a Christian, aren’t you?’ Campbell recalled. “My answer to him is just as memorable, ‘I try to be.’ I saw Jesus in that man, as clearly as I saw the man himself. That encounter started my reflecting on my relationship with Jesus in a very different way.”
In 1999, Campbell entered the archdiocese’s permanent diaconate program in the Class of 2004’s Aspirant Year. During that time, he assisted in planning and serving in liturgies, tutoring grade school children through St. Gabriel parish’s Petworth Youth Program, volunteered at Bethlehem House with adults who had physical and learning disabilities, and at the Joseph P. Kennedy Institute with children who had emotional and learning disabilities..
Father Campbell’s first parish assignment was as parochial vicar at Saint Augustine parish in Washington 2007 to 2008, while also taking care of the sacramental needs of Immaculate Conception parish in Washington for six months..
The Rev. Richard H. Graham
Bishop, Metropolitan Washington, D.C., Synod of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America
The Rev. Richard H. Graham
The Rev. Richard H. Graham is serving a second term as bishop of the Metropolitan Washington, D.C. Synod of the ELCA. Initially elected by the 2007 Synod Assembly to a six year term then re-elected by the 2013 Synod Assembly, he has been in office since September 1, 2007. Bishop Graham finds his work inspiring due to the “abundance of opportunities” to help church leaders and congregations “share the love of Jesus Christ with the world around us.”
Raised in Lutherville, Maryland, just outside of Baltimore, Bishop Graham moved to Lexington, Virginia for his undergraduate education at Washington and Lee University in 1973 where he majored in English. He attended Harvard Divinity School, Cambridge, Massachusetts, where he earned a Master of Divinity. He began studies on a Fulbright scholarship at the University of Strasbourg, France, and holds a Master of Arts degree in Church History from The Catholic University of America, Washington, D.C.
Prior to his current position, Bishop Graham served as pastor of Hope Lutheran Church in College Park, Maryland; assistant pastor of Trinity Lutheran Church in Hagerstown, Maryland; and associate pastor of St. Martin’s Lutheran Church, Annapolis, Maryland. Additional positions of leadership include as elected secretary of the Metro D.C. Synod, member of the synod’s Candidacy Committee, and member of the board of trustees of the National Lutheran Home for the Aged in Rockville, Maryland.
Currently, Bishop Graham is a board member of Lutheran Social Services of the National Capital Area. He serves on the ELCA Conference of Bishops Immigration Ready Bench and as the Region 8 Bishop Liaison to the ELCA Church Council. He is also interested in ecumenical work; in October 2014, Bishop Graham received the Holy Land Christian Ecumenical Foundation Award for his contributions, time commitment and support toward understanding and solidarity between Holy Land Christians and Christians elsewhere.
Bishop Graham is married to Nancy Ann Graham, and they have two adult daughters and two granddaughters. In his spare time, he enjoys reading, gardening, cooking and hiking.
Fr. Michael McDonagh
Senior advisor, to the Apostolic Administrator of the Latin Patriarchate of Jerusalem and the Archbishop_10<<
Elias G. Saboura, Esq.
Saboura Law Group, P.C.
Elias G. Saboura, Esq..
Khalil Jashan
Executive Director of Arab Center Washington DC, Inc..
Ambassador David Mack, Rtd.
Scholar, Middle East Institute, Elder, National Presbyterian Church, Washington DC
Ambassador David Mack, Rtd.
Ambassador David Mack, Rtd., Scholar, Middle East Institute, Elder, National Presbyterian Church, Washington DC, regarding. Also, Mack held diplomatic assignments in Iraq, Jerusalem, Jordan, Lebanon, Libya, Saudi Arabia and Tunisia. He is an elder at The National Presbyterian Church
Marwan Ahmad
President, The Arab American Business Council
Marwan Ahmad
Marwan Ahmad is the founder and president of the Arab American Business Council since 2013. He is the President of Arabesque Media a Virginia based marketing and publishing company. Mr. Ahmad has a degree in Computer Information Systems and additional education in marketing, TV producing and non-profit management. He has been in the marketing and publishing business since 1994. He served on a media training mission to Italy with the State Department touring four cities to speak, educate and train local ethnic media. Mr. Ahmad specializes in general marketing and publishing for businesses in the US as well as companies that do business in the Middle East. His company’s client include State Department, Qatar Airways, Etihad, Qatar Foundation International, Embassies among others. He is also the Co-founder of Arabfest in Virginia, Co-founder of Little Arabia in Anaheim California and publisher of the Arab American Voice and US Qatar Network. Mr. Ahmad received number of awards from ADC-Arizona, CAIR-Arizona, Attorney General’s Award for Community Service, Arizona and American Muslim Women Association, Arizona.
Dr. Bernard Sabella
Executive Secretary of the Department of Service to Palestinian Refugees of the Middle East Council of Churches
Dr. Bernard Sabella
Dr. Sabella holds MA and PhD degrees in Sociology from the University of Virginia. He is a native of Jerusalem and is an Associate Professor of Sociology at Al Quds University in the Master’s Program on Jerusalem Studies. He is a retired Associate Professor of Sociology from Bethlehem University in the Holy Land where he taught for over 25 years. His academic interests are focused on Palestinian Christians and questions of identity and other challenges, including emigration. In 2006 he was elected on the Jerusalem Christian quota seat to the Palestinian Legislative Council or Parliament to represent the city of Jerusalem.Exploring … Continue reading Best of Venice Photos
abroad
Top Things to do in Florence and Tuscany
Fl
Rome Six Day Itinerary plus Pompeii Tips
Day … Continue reading Rome Six Day Itinerary plus Pompeii Tips
One Month Update
Can
Greek Island hopping
Santorini is stunning. The views of the caldera and cliffs are incredibly unique. We stayed at Finikia Memories hotel which was just a short walk from Oia, one of the main destinations on the island. The blue domes, the white buildings, the unreal sunsets, it's all here. The hotel restaurant was surprisingly fantastic. We ordered … Continue reading Greek Island hopping
Athens is Alive!
I don't understand the negativity surrounding visiting Athens. I think it stems from comparing Athens to the Greek Islands of Mykonos and Santorini, which are spectacular in their own ways as well, but are an entirely different type of vacation. Athens needs to be compared to Lisbon, Rome or dare I say it, Paris. Of … Continue reading Athens is Alive!Durga Puja or Durgotsav is an ancient Hindu festival originated in India that celebrates and pays tribute to the Hindu Goddess, Durga, the goddess of destruction. This festival is celebrated on the full moon day, which falls on August 15th. The festival is also referred to as Dashmool Diwas or Durgot Dashmool Dhisayana.
This festival has a lot of significance is attached with it especially on new moon day. The new moon day is considered auspicious for this festival and so it has a great importance in the culture and religion of India. The festival is said to be the best time for the goddess to reappear. She is believed to come out to take revenge on the demon king and the people of her wrath is the Bhallatika Yagna.
This festival is observed by celebrating various festivities and various rituals are done in different parts of India and across the border. Durga Puja is celebrated by honoring the goddess in several different ways.
There are certain ritualistic forms of Durga Puja that is observed during the festival. The most important and popular form of worship is 'Shaadi Puja', which is done by the devotees in different parts of India.
The devotees will perform the rituals and make offerings according to their wishes and desires. These devotees then will dance to the beat of the music played in the temple in which they are performing this ritual.
Some people also celebrate the festival by eating sweets and 'Shakti Puja'. 'Shakti' is the word used for 'love'. This festival is said to bring prosperity and love to the world and so it is considered the most auspicious day of all the festivals.
The other way to celebrate this festival is by dressing up in costumes and 'Shiva Puja'. In this form of the festival the devotees dress up in a unique costume, which is believed to be the garb of the goddess and then offer 'Mashmi', 'Ranj'Rasgut' to the goddess for blessings.
As this festival falls on a new moon day, the Goddess gets completely energized and this energy is known as 'Shiva Maha' and this energy is believed to bring good luck, prosperity and happiness to the followers of the goddess.
The 'Sha' is the energy produced by the goddess through the offerings and is considered sacred. 'Mashmi' is believed to bring wealth and prosperity in both personal and business life. and 'Rasgut' is believed to bring success in all types of human activities and so this form of the festival is also considered auspicious.The postal workers’ union will challenge a federal back-to-work order in court, but the process could take years.
“We think (the legislation) might be illegal,” said John Bail, national director for CUPW Pacific.
After 12 days of rotating strikes and 13 days of being locked out, postal workers were legislated back to work last week.
Bail said back-to-work orders “tend to tear up (parts of) collective agreements. They have no roots in democracy.”
The next step is arbitration, in which the union and employer each make offers on non-wage issues. One will be chosen.
In terms of wages, the union was forced to accept wages that are actually less than what Canada Post had offered in its last offer.
Meanwhile, workers resumed mail delivery mid-week in Greater Victoria. Bail said employees are “grumbling” about the effects of the legislation, but are happy to be receiving paycheques.
“They’re grumbling. They’ve got jobs, though. They’re happy to be serving the public. We got a lot of public support on this, so they’re happy about that.”
Bail added the public needn’t worry about postal workers defying the back-to-work order. Mail delivery will continue while the legal challenge develops.
ecardone@vicnews.comLearn to: work-space to marshalling your material into both fiction and non-fiction genres, Creative Writing For Dummies has everything you need to help you unlock your creativity and make your writing sparkle.
Total price: $48.31Add all 3 to Cart Add all 3 to list
It takes about 8 Hours and 0 minutes on average for a reader to read Creative Writing for Dummies. This is based on the average reading speed of 250 Words per minute.
Creative Writing for Dummies is 386 pages long.
What should you read after Creative Writing for Dummies Book? Here is a list of books to read if you read and loved Creative Writing for Dummies
No customer reviews for the moment.UK Gov Official Guidance on getting People Safely back to Work 11 May 2020.
Updated: Nov 17, 2020
We would like to draw your attention specifically to items 2 and 5 from the guidance.
.
Cleanse Smart is here to help your business with our proven fogging, sterilisation and decontamination treatment. This treatment can be simply integrated into your workplace Health and Safety and cleaning procedures and we would recommend regular fogging every 28 days. This will help in complying with the government's guidance, help minimise risk and reinforce existing cleaning processes. For traceability we also issue a certificate of cleansing and record all treatment dates.
Treatments are very cost effective, from just £60 when on a maintenance contract. Cleanse Smarts investment in new powerful fogging equipment results in faster, more effective virus and bacteria sterilisation.
The nano technology fluid instantly kills on contact, yet is safe for humans and the environment. Dispersed as a fog the treatment reaches everywhere in the workplace, not just the tops of hard surfaces, like traditional cleaning. The fog reaches the highest walls, ceilings, underneath desks and penetrates soft furnishings like chairs, carpets and curtains. There really is nothing as efficient and as cost effective as a Cleanse Smart fogging treatment.
If your business is in the Tees Valley call 01325 238 210 for a consultation and estimate.
Click Here for: Government publishes guidance for employers to help them get their businesses back up and running and workplaces operating safely.
Published 11 May 2020
From:Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy, Health and Safety Executive, and The Rt Hon Alok Sharma MP
#fogging #backtowork #officecleaning #covid19 #teesvalleyLiveChat for Finance
Connect with more customers in less time. Turn customer service into your biggest asset.
Free 14-day trial Automation Robust reporting
Over 33,000 businesses use LiveChat
Let customers connect via Messenger, SMS, or Apple Business Chat, and easily handle all conversations in one place at LiveChat.
Share announcements, introduce new offers, and greet customers with automatic messages based on their profile and behavior.
Place chat buttons on relevant pages, and make your chat widget stand out with vibrant colors or a branded look.
Get 14 days of LiveChat for free
Automation Robust reporting 24/7 support
Manage more conversations at the same time with features you won't get on the phone.
Peek into messages before they’re sent.
Premade replies for common questions.
Perfect for recommendations.
Make your chat available around the clock. Let customers message you whenever they need, reply when convenient, and notify them automatically.
Watch video
Turn your chat widget into an interactive help center with the answers to common questions, useful tips, and know-how.
Let bots handle support, data gathering, and more. Use ready-made ChatBot templates or create your own scenarios with a visual builder.
Boost the efficiency of your support while lowering the costs and effort.
Your estimated annual savings with LiveChat
$1,350
$1,350
Sound good?Sign up free
OK, that's impressive.
Looks like you need a personalized offer.
Let's talk about the details!
We handle traffic volumes of Fortune 500 companies.
View the list of your visitors in real time. Narrow down the data to identify customers in need, and reach out before they ask for help.
Offer the highest security standards with a tool designed for modern enterprises and with the customers’ safety in mind.
Schedule meetings, carry out transactions, and run surveys right in the chat. Use our open API to make the chat widget yours.
Get data flowing around your tech stack with 200+ native integrations, or create custom solutions with our open API.See all integrations
Automatically gather data with pre-chat surveys and chatbots. Sync with your CRM and have all the information at hand while chatting.
Create surveys that customers enjoy. Ask quick questions, offer ready-made replies, and get the answers you need in seconds.
Data summary, agent reports, and more. Use supervision and a team management system to improve performance when needed.
33,000+ businesses in over
150+ countries grow with our products
Profit from superb communication
Make talking about money fun and easy
Free 14-day trial Automation Robust reportingRSID Spectre 2.0
The all-new RSID Spectre 2.0 is our lightest frameset yet, with just over 900g. Equipped with T1000 carbon fiber, this geometry is designed to conquer those steep rolling hills. The tubes have been reduced in size to make it lighter and more comfortable, but it does not compromise its aerodynamics. This frame is also designed for disc brakes for better control on descends.
Who is it for?
RSID Spectre 2.0 is for cyclists looking for a climbing and comfortable ride. This frame is also for those who are looking into building or upgrading to a disc brake road bike.
What's in the box?
The frameset comes with a seat post, seat clamp, and fork.
Free headset and PF30 Bottom bracket
Technical Specs
Heron Bros. is a construction and property development company that operates throughout the UK, Ireland and Europe, with more than 250 employees.
Heron Bros. HQ recently underwent a car park redesign. The car park provides access down a narrow single-track road that takes two-way traffic. To ensure security of the site and an optimal traffic flow, the company wanted an automatic vehicle identification solution to ensure fast access for authorised vehicles to the site, without stopping to present their pass to the card reader.
There are two types of user groups that require access to the headquarters. First, all employees that work at the HQ enter the site with their passenger car. At the same time, this entrance is also used by truck drivers. The access road runs at 90 degrees to the gates with no approach area in front of the gates, which makes it hard for large vehicle to enter the site smoothly. Therefore, Inova Gates Ltd was selected to install two sliding gates each of 7 metres wide. One of the requirements was that if a car or van approached, only the left-hand gate would open. If a truck approached, then both gates would open.
To facilitate a smooth access control solution, Nortech’s Norpass3 access control software was selected and integrated with Nedap’s long-range Transit Ultimate readers. As vehicle access to both the entrance and exit needed to be controlled, two readers are positioned at the gates. One at the inside of the gate that detects all exits and one at the outside of the gate to identify all entries.
Nedap’s high-end Transit reader enables simultaneous identification of vehicles and drivers based on RFID technology at distances of up to 10 metres (33 feet). Each authorised vehicle is issued with a Nedap Window Button Switch, a long-range identification tag with user activation. The long-reading range and wide read angle of the Transit Ultimate reader ensures a high reading performance for every type of vehicle. Nortech’s control system determines if the identified vehicle is authorised to enter the site, based on the authorisation in the Norpass3 system.
This new AVI solution adopted by Heron Bros. brings all kind of benefits including, a high security level combined with convenience; optimal traffic flow; robust industrial reader design; read range of up to 10 metres; Transit Ultimate is able to detect vehicle tags in difficult approach angles; reliable long-range identification avoids manual intervention; reliable long-range identification reduces running costs; and, easy windshield mounting of windscreen tag using suction pad.
“Although the installation gave some challenges with the angle of the road to the reader, the technical teams of both Inova Gates and Nortech worked together to create a very satisfactory installation”. Cathal Rogers, General Manager at Inova Gates Ltd.Our whole team would like to proudly welcome you to the Haus Sonja. Winter Sports Hotels are easy to find, but they are not all created equal. Make the right choice and book a room at this handsome hotel to enjoy all of its features and benefits! We have many parking spots available where you can leave you car while you are with us. Your domestic pets are welcome in the hotel too. A room to store your ski equipment is provided. The downhill slopes close to our hotel are very well-liked among our ski-loving visitors.
Photos Of
- Parking
- free
Facilities of Guesthouse Haus Sonja
- Pets allowedPartner Stories
Brainlab and Magic Leap: Providing More Insights to Advance Surgery
Just a decade ago, the idea of incorporating spatial computing systems into medicine seemed like a futuristic dream. Today, more than 120 Magic Leap 1 headsets with the Mixed Reality Viewer from Brainlab are in clinical use around the globe. These highly advanced visualization tools have a variety of uses, helping medical professionals with anything from surgical planning and medical training to providing patients with an easier way to see and understand their diagnosis and treatment.
Mixed Reality Viewer on Magic Leap 1 turns any work area into a virtual, interactive space strengthening 3D visualization, interaction and understanding. Built in sensors in the Magic Leap 1 map the room, so clinicians can realistically mimic the planned surgery, placing 3D anatomical models and 2D image slices anywhere in the space, whether that’s an office, a meeting room or even at home. The system allows for up to four people to collaborate and interact with each other in real time, either in the same room or even remotely within the same network.
“We’ve found that we can effectively lower the risk of surgical complications for almost any case when using the Mixed Reality Viewer software on Magic Leap 1 during planning,” explained Veit Braun, MD, director and professor at the Jung-Stilling Hospital, part of the Diakonie Hospital network in Siegen, Germany. “We see fewer of the distinct complications we saw before using this technology. It also helps shorten surgical times and patient time under anesthesia which is a great benefit.”
Surgical planning is one area in which spatial computing is becoming a staple for viewing and interacting with patient imaging and data. Clinicians are identifying significant value in surgical precision and time savings from using Mixed Reality Viewer on Magic Leap 1 to support treatment planning. The technology is already in daily clinical use in Europe for multiple treatment indications including aneurysms and skull base tumors. Surgeons are increasingly incorporating Mixed Reality Viewer from Brainlab on Magic Leap 1 rapidly realize a paradigm shift over the next few years.
How AR Surgical Planning Actually Works
To enable viewing a case in spatial 3D, the surgeon begins by creating a plan using surgical planning software. A 3D model of the patient’s anatomy is generated from available radiology imaging, like MRI and CT. The software then identifies and outlines the various anatomical structures and the surgical target, like a tumor or an arteriovenous malformation (AVM), on the image.
With these structures identified in the 3D model, the surgeon can begin to plan the optimal approach to the surgical target, avoiding any critical anatomy. Once this plan is created, the surgeon can then put on an augmented reality head-mounted display, such as the Magic Leap 1, and move it from the workstation’s 2D screen and place it into the room. They can walk around it, assessing the plan from all angles, and even invite other clinicians to join in real-time to review and discuss the plan together.
Even though this technology is considered the pinnacle of surgical plan review today, the concept of assessing the surgical situation virtually actually dates back more than fifty years. The first hints of using a spatial viewing technology in surgery began in orthopedics when Robert Mann proposed using VR to allow surgeons to test multiple approaches for orthopedic cases in 1965.i Fast forward to 2020, this technology is more real than ever as it expands into a wide range of surgical subspecialties.
Spatial Computing in Neurosurgery
The close proximity of critical structures in the brain makes neurosurgery exceedingly complex. One small deviation from a surgical plan can drastically affect the surgical outcome and even the patient’s quality of life. Technology, like augmented reality, that allows the surgeon to review a detailed plan in spatial 3D before surgery is a crucial advancement in ensuring the treatment is carried out exactly as intended.
“I do every aneurysm case using Brainlab Mixed Reality Viewer on Magic Leap 1 during the planning process. It helps me easily determine if I need to do clipping or coiling. Viewing in mixed reality is especially helpful for clipping. The technology shows you exactly where the aneurysm and aneurysm neck are located. Not only is it extremely helpful when planning the approach, it’s also fascinating to virtually view and interact with the anatomy.” —Prof. Veit Braun, MD, Head of Neurosurgery at Diakonie Klinikum Jung-Stilling, Siegen, Germany
Another clear advantage of planning with an Augmented Reality tool, like Brainlab’s software on Magic Leap 1, is that from the first cut, the surgeon knows exactly what they are going to do. The surgery can be completed more quickly and with a decreased risk of complications. Since prolonged time under anesthesia increases the risk of complications during and after the procedureii, more efficient surgeries benefit the patient immensely.
Interdisciplinary planning for CMF cases with Augmented Reality
For craniomaxillofacial (CMF) surgery, incorporating the use of Augmented Reality technologies into the planning process supports clinicians in their decision-making. With Magic Leap 1 multiple clinicians can join a session and observe the same patient images at the same time—even remotely. This means that the technology actually facilitates interdisciplinary planning.
“I believe that augmented reality applications will be the next big step in virtual surgical planning, patient education, as well as medical education. Augmented reality, combined with planning tools, allows craniomaxillofacial surgeons to segment out and visualize complex anatomy in a three-dimensional environment, prior to stepping into the operating room. The fact that multiple users can interact with these virtual objects in the same environment is a game changer. We are very excited about the opportunities this will provide at our institution.” – Prof. Bradley Strong, MD, Otolaryngologist at University of California – Davis Medical Center.
Surgeons, radiologists, and radiation oncologists, for example, can discuss resection with adjuvant radiotherapy during a tumor board meeting to determine the best approachiii. Since the surgeon knows and has seen the extent of resection in advance, the surgery can progress quickly as they know when to stop and in turn, move the patient to radiation therapy.
Functional Stereotactic Surgery
Functional neurosurgery applications, such as deep brain stimulation (DBS) and stereo-electroencephalography (SEEG), require interdisciplinary coordination in many steps of the clinical workflow. Neurosurgeons, epileptologists and neurologists need to work together from preoperative planning all the way to postoperative patient management.
Augmented Reality technology supports functional neurosurgeons and epileptologists in combining their knowledge to create an optimal trajectory plan before an SEEG case. These types of cases consist of the implantation of up to 20 electrodes to identify epileptic foci in drug-refractory epilepsy patients. Collaboration between these experts can contribute to improved outcomes.
“Many SEEG cases are three-dimensionally complex implantations that are planned in an interdisciplinary team. Since the implantations are tailored according to clinical, imaging and EEG findings, each scheme is different. Especially for this use-case the visualization in mixed reality turns out to be very helpful for the team discussion during planning.” – Peter Reinacher, MD, Consultant, Department of Stereotactic and Functional Neurosurgery, Medical Center – University of Freiburg, Germany, and Group Leader (ATTRACT), Fraunhofer Institute for Laser Technology, Aachen, Germany.
Hours or days after deep brain stimulation surgery, the electrodes are programmed by neurologists to ensure they stimulate the patient’s brain as planned. This technology can uniquely contribute to their understanding of the patient’s anatomy on a new level, supporting visualization-based programming in place of traditional trial and error approaches.
Vascular Surgery
The 3D reconstructions the clinician can view in a spatial computing headset such as Magic Leap 1 greatly assists in their understanding of very complex anatomy. An example from vascular surgery would be a deep-seated kidney artery aneurysm, in which a true-to-life representation provides a much clearer picture into the case than two dimensional scans aloneiv.
In the future when spatial computing and related technologies come into regular use intraoperatively, the surgeon will have access to a range of data, without ever having to look away from the surgical situation. Bloodwork results, stent graft measurements, EKG, preoperative images, or even the radiation exposure to the surgical team could be displayed, turning the surgeon’s field of view into a “virtual cockpit”v.
Spatial Surgery is Both the Future and the Present
In neurosurgery, CMF, functional and vascular surgery today, augmented reality and spatial computing technologies are already in use and increasingly becoming an essential tool to better understand anatomy and ensure the best possible surgical plans.
Since spatial computing technologies are adaptable to changes and new developments, they will continue to play a significant role in surgery in the future. Incorporating these advanced visualization tools into surgical workflows is already an easy step clinicians can take today to ensure their patients have great surgical outcomes.
Spatial computing also has many use cases outside of surgery that have the potential to transform how healthcare is delivered and how patients engage with their own care. There are more than 10 clinical studies underway by Magic Leap partners working on Magic Leap 1 in use cases outside the operating room.
i Rosen JM. Virtual Reality and Medicine-Challenges for the Twenty‐First Century. Wiley Online Library.. Published October 29, 2001. Accessed October 20, 2020.
ii Phan K, Kim JS, Kim JH, et al. Anesthesia Duration as an Independent Risk Factor for Early Postoperative Complications in Adults Undergoing Elective ACDF. Global spine journal.. Published December 2017. Accessed October 20, 2020.
iii CMF PAPER BEING PUBLISHED
iv).
v).The 2021 LEC Summer Split standings are currently looking remarkably different from those in Spring. Although Rogue is currently recreating its exceptional regular season form, G2 Esports has fallen down the ladder. Meanwhile, reigning LEC champion MAD Lions is still trying to find its feet.
Perhaps the player who best epitomises MAD’s current form is Matyáš ‘Carzzy’ Orság, who has had some mixed performances so far this split. However, this past weekend the player proved to his critics why he’s one of the best botlaners in the LEC. MAD began the weekend by easily dispatching an in-form Misfits Gaming, with Carzzy delivering a perfect 12-0-8 game on Kalista.
Furthermore, despite the defeat at the hands of Rogue, the pairing of Carzzy and Norman ‘Kaiser’ Kaiser showcased some some real synergy and skill. A highlight was when Kaiser flash-headbutted Adrian ‘Trymbi’ Trybus towards their tower, and Carzzy blocked his attempt to escape with an Arcane Shift.
When asked what had prompted his uptick in form, Carzzy feels the biggest contributing factor is the gradual release of himself and his MAD Lions teammates from quarantine after a member of the organisation tested positive for COVID-19 last month.
HEY HANSY WASSUP I TOOK FIRST BLOOD pic.twitter.com/AXYEqvutkG
— MAD Lions English 🇬🇧 (@MADLions_EN) July 3, 2021
“We’re playing from the office now so it’s a lot more comfortable for me to play, because I find it hard to focus when I’m playing matches from home,” he says. “Kaiser and Javier ‘Elyoya’ Batalla are still quarantined so it’s still not optimal, but it’s getting better and they’re going to be here soon.”
The other factor which some have suggested has caused a dip in consistency for the botlaner is the dreaded post-Mid-Season Invitational burnout. However, Carzzy says that the organisation has taken every precaution to avoid it, and has managed the team well.
“No one is burnt out in my opinion,” he says. “And the schedule isn’t as busy as MSI where you play every single day, so it’s a lot easier to not get burned out.”
MSI ruined us all
— matyas (@Carzzylol) June 26, 2021
Following MAD’s semi-finals exit to DWG KIA at MSI, Carzzy stated his resolve to improve on Twitter. Although the player has had his highs and lows throughout the Summer Split so far, he is as determined as ever to make good on that pledge.
Currently, Carzzy’s training plan is simple: “Try not to tilt in soloq, focus a lot more in scrims, and do my best to make use of what I’ve learned.” For Carzzy, it seems, there are no shortcuts to success – maintaining a good mental and applying oneself fully to every facet of the game is the recipe for improvement.
With the full MAD roster reassembling imminently, and the 2021 LEC Summer Playoffs looming, we may soon be in for the team’s best performances this split. With ties against the surging Excel Esports and the mercurial Schalke 04 coming up this week, the lions will have to be on all paws to take down their opponents.$11.97 to $22.99
$11.97 to $22.99
$3.97 to $9.99
$9.99
$17.99 $2.97 to $9.99
$9.99 to $23.99
We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. By continuing to browse our website you agree to our use of cookies. To learn more about how we use cookies, please review our privacy policy click here.- Description
DetailsItem Nr.: 10201815 (7613113264912)Fabric: 81% Polyamide,19% ElastaneThese bikini bottoms from the Tangier Spices Mix & Match swimwear range by Triumph feature a high-contrast monochrome and patterned design; what's more, the versatile waistband can be worn as a high-waisted fit or folded over – the perfect choice for tanning.
- Classic Tai fit with narrow sides
- Wide elastic waistband that can also be worn folded over
- Comfortable elastic trim at the leg openings for a perfect fit
- Lined front
- Made from soft, high-quality jersey
- Manufactured according to Oeko-Tex® Standard, 100% skin friendly
- The Mix & Match range features a number of bikini tops that you can choose from to create your perfect summer look.
- The model is wearing the Tai fit bikini bottoms in size 10
You may also be interested in the following product(s) - Triumph underwear online shop - Mix &Amp; Match Bikini Tai Brief
Triumph underwear online shop - Iris Florale Tai Brief
Regular Price: £35.50
Special Price £14.20
Triumph underwear online shop - Soft Sensation Bra Salelette
Regular Price: £33.50
Special Price £13.40
Triumph underwear online shop - Infinite Sensation Hipster
Regular Price: £25.50
Special Price £10.20
Triumph underwear online shop - Peony Florale Wp - Wired Padded Bra Sale
Regular Price: £61.50
Special Price £24.60
Triumph underwear online shop - Katia Basics Top With Spaghetti Straps
Regular Price: £11.50
Special Price £4.60
Triumph underwear online shop - Summer Sheer Maxi
Regular Price: £33.50
Special Price £13.40These vegan health articles are presented to assist you in taking a pro-active part in your own health.
See All-Creatures.org Health Position and Disclaimer
By David Perlmutter, M.D.
Foreword by Jeffrey S. Bland, Ph.D.
Mitochondrial Dysfunction
Inhibition of Glutamate Release/NMDA Stimulation
Go on to: Abstract
Return to: Alzheimer's Disease: Functional Therapeutics in Neurodegenerative.The Auction House is located in a tranquil courtyard in the heart of Ryde, and is part of a stylish conversion of Ryde's Victorian sale rooms. The house is just a 5 minute walk away from the many shops, bars and restaurants and the beautiful sandy beaches of Ryde and Appley..
The stylish house sleeps 4 people across 2 bedrooms. On the ground floor there is a fully equipped kitchen featuring a peninsular bar and a dining table seating 4. The comfortable living area has French doors opening out onto the courtyard - perfect for bringing the outside in. Patio furniture and BBQ available to use. There is also a downstairs cloakroom. Upstairs you will find a kingsize bespoke, hand-carved four poster bed in the main bedroom with space for a travel cot if needed. The second bedroom has two single beds. The bathroom has a large bath with shower over. Bed linen, gas and electricity are included. Gas central heating throughout. Towels and tea towels are provided however guests will need to supply their own beach towels. Travel cot and highchair available on request. DVD player and a selection of DVDs available. Car parking for one car and secure bicycle storage. Children of all ages welcome. Pets not accepted. Non smoking throughout.
Open: All year | Minimum number of nights: 7 nights starting on a Saturday | Festive holidays can start on Saturdays, Sundays and Mondays - the house is decorated for the festive season inside and out!
Times
- Check-in - 15:00
Facilities included
- Off road parking
- WiFi
- Patio area with BBQ
- Washer-dryer and drying rack
- DVD player with selection of DVDs
What's included
- Electricity
- Bed linen
- Towels Included
- Travel cot and highchair are available on request
What's not included
- Pets not accepted
- No smoking throughout the property
- Beach towels
Covid-19 updates
Additional Cleaning and Disinfection Procedures from the owners of Auction House
The health and safety of our guests and staff is of paramount importance to us. Additional deep cleaning and disinfection procedures are in place during the pandemic. Anti-bacterial cleaning products and disinfectant are used throughout the house on surfaces. Deep cleaning and disinfection of vulnerable areas such as surfaces, door handles, stair rail, light and heating switches, remote controls etc. is being done following the departure of and before the arrival of all guests. Anti-bacterial sprays are available for your use.
Arrival is contactless via a key safe.
The Auction House is in a private courtyard with only three permanent residents. Social distancing is easily achievable leaving you free to enjoy the Ryde beaches, wide open spaces and coastal paths on the Island
If you have any worries or concerns please call The Auction House on 07565563879: The Auction House, 1 Ways Mews, Garfield Road, Ryde, Isle of Wight, PO33 2PT
- Ryde Harbour & Esplanade
- Many bars and restaurants
- Puckpool Park
- Ten Pin Bowling
- Boating Lake
- Wight Karting
- Quarr Abbey
- Appley Beach
Availability
Missing guest information
Missing roomQuick Info
Description
Pre-sale Marshall floor plan entered for comp purposes only.
- Lot size: 0.395 acres
- Building: Single Family
- Style: Farm House
- Unit #: 39 Marshall FH
Interior Features
- Cooling: Dual Zone A/C
- Basement: No
- Stories: 2 Story
- # of Fireplaces: 1
- Fuel Heat: Natural Gas
- Full Baths: 2
- Half Baths: 1
- Heating: Dual Zone Heat
- Water Heater: Gas
- Total Rooms: 13
Exterior Features
- Exterior Finish: Fiber Cement
- Garage: 2
- Lot Dimensions: See plot plan
- Parking: Garage
- Property Type: Detached
- Roof: Architectural Shingles
- HOA: Yes
- HOA Payment Schedule: Annually
- HOA Fees Required: Yes
- Ownership Type: Other (SFH incl)
- HOA Fees: $ 760
Listing Information
- Listing Price: 667814
-.Aftercare
Excellent customer service is part of the Value Watches Uk ethos and the companies we deal with. For watch warranties use the links below to deal directly with the manufacturers.
Always check your instructions and what is covered before contact. These links also offer great information regarding batteries, straps and bracelets.
** Always fill in and return and information required by the watch company for warranty purposes. These are usually in the form of a card or booklet enclosed within the box when you receive your watch or some might want you to register online.KELOWNA, B.C. â€” Riley Woods scored in overtime as the Spokane Chiefs edged the Kelowna Rockets 3-2 on Wednesday in Western Hockey League action.
Kailer Yamamoto and Tyson Helgesen scored 35 seconds apart in the second period for Spokane (16-16-6). Jayden Sittler made 35 saves for the win.
Rodney Southam and Riley Stadel replied for Kelowna (23-14-3), while Michael Herringer stopped 19 shots.
The Chiefs were 1 for 4 on the power play and the Rockets were 0 for 3.
—
WARRIORS 4 HURRICANES 1
MOOSE JAW, Sask. â€” Jayden Halbgewachs had a hat trick to power the Warriors past Lethbridge.
Luka Burzan opened scoring for Moose Jaw (23-9-7).
Brennan Riddle replied for the Hurricanes (20-15-5).
—
GIANTS 3 OIL KINGS 2
EDMONTON â€” Brendan Semchuk scored with 3:33 left to play to lift Vancouver over the Oil Kings.
Ty Ronning and James Malm added goals for the Giants (16-20-3).
Adam Berg and Trey Fix-Wolansky responded for Edmonton (18-18-4).
—
The Canadian PressYoutube Videos to Watch
The following videos will give every person the ground up, foundational knowledge they will need to start on their financial journey:
The Hidden Secrets of Money by Mike Maloney
The Crash Course by Chris Martenson
Please watch The Hidden Secrets of Money first. It is the foundation upon which all will be built that you need to know. It has about 4 hours of video (10 episodes).
The Crash Course is a phenomenal journey tying economics and the environment together. Chris does a phenomenal job showcasing how economics assumes infinite growth on a finite planet. A must watch.
Description
Nature's answer 100% pure vanilla & cinnamon organic blend delivers a nurturing collaboration of scents to awaken your senses and uplift your mood. use this oil either topically or drop a dab in a diffuser to release the fragrance in the room. with no additives and nothing important taken out, this essential oil blend provides you with soothing and sweet vanilla paired with spicy cinnamon fragrances. each bottle provides 0.5 fl. oz. of oil.
Ingredients
Cinnamomum cassia leaf oil (cinnamon)*, cinnamomum zeylanicum leaf oil (cinnamon)*, illicium verum fruit/seed oil (star anise)*, myristica fragrans kernel oil (nutmeg)*, vanilla fragrance*.
Usage Instructions.
Warnings
Caution: keep out of reach of children. keep away from eyes and mucous membranes. do not apply undiluted directly on skin. keep away from flame
For external use only
Warning Statments
Keep out of reach of children.
Payment & Security
Your payment information is processed securely. We do not store credit card details nor have access to your credit card information.On Time Courier Services
On Time Courier Services offers the best way to get a legal package from here to there. An On Time Courier Services representative is at your door and your delivery on its way in as little as twenty minutes from your call time.
Each of our On Time Courier Services representatives can provide a wide variety of services, including document transporting (such as "Chain of Custody" affidavits for moving evidence), court form receipts and even C.O.D. deliveries. Our professional, courteous, and extensively trained staff always goes to extraordinary lengths to ensure that each job is done right, on time. Our top priority is your complete satisfaction in a job well done.
Klamath Falls Process Server, Process server klamath, Process services
533 Main Street
Klamath Falls, OR 97601Berikut ini Universitasswasta.com menyajikan informasi tentang [beasiswa] [INFO] Fw: [economics_feui] PhD in Regional Economics sebagai berikut:
[beasiswa] [INFO] Fw: [economics_feui] PhD in Regional Economics
Doctoral student in the area of Regional Economics
The Faculty of Applied Economics is seeking to fill the following full-timevacancy in the Department of Transport and Regional Economics
Doctoral student
in the area of Regional Economics
Project description.
The Flemish policy research centre on Entrepreneurship and Regional Economics advises the Flemish government on subjects related to entrepreneurship and the spatial aspects of the economy. Particular attention goes towards smart specialisation strategies, i.e. strategies of governments that concentrate available resources in some selected promising activity sectors in order to generate sustainable economic growth. Following topics will be part of the research:
· distribution of economic activity in the region of Flanders
· how networks between and within spatial clusters of economic activity function
· how institutional capacity can be built at different levels to boost the development of clusters
Job description
· You prepare a doctoral thesis in the field of Regional Economics within the framework of the Flemish policy research centre for entrepreneurship and regional economics;
· You contribute to teaching and research in the Department of Transport and Regional Economics;
· You prepare a Ph.D. thesis of the research project;
· You contribute to the research of the policy research centre at the Department of Transport and Regional Economics (University of Antwerp);
· You write scientific articles on the subject of your thesis and on additional research;
· The candidate is expected to enrol the university’s Ph.D. program and to obtain a Ph.D. at the end of the project.
Profile and requirements
· You hold a master degree in a domain which is relevant for regional economics (economics, geography, commercial engineering, social and political sciences,…) ;
· You can submit outstanding academic results;
· Also students in the final year of their degree can apply;
· The emphases in your teaching correspond to the UA educational vision ;
· Your academic qualities comply with the requirements stipulated in the university’s policy ( );
· You are quality-oriented, conscientious, creative, customer-oriented and cooperative;
· You can express yourself well in written and spoken English. Your are willing to learn Dutch.
We offer
· A doctoral scholarship , under the conditions of the Dehousse grants, for a period of one year, with the possibility of renewal for a further three-year period after positive evaluation;
· The start date of scholarship will be asap;
· A dynamic and stimulating work environment.
Interested?
· Applications may be submitted only online, until the closing date April, 03 265 31 45);
· For questions about the profile and the description of duties, please contact prof. Ann Verhetsel ( ann.verhetsel@ua.ac.be ).
__._,_.___
501 total views, 1 views today
Web Populer: Biaya | Info Kerja | Polling | Berita | Lowongan KerjaIn Case You Haven’t heard of TikTok by now, you’re likely Living under a stone, another world or you’re just not paying attention as it is the new wave taking over the internet. It’s a short video program that has gained a great deal of followers in addition to readers over the previous months and it’s forecast to grow in the months ahead of time.Get Your Free TikTok Views Now!
Although it has grown quite a lot, most elderly people aren’t Exactly sure of exactly what this program is or exactly what it does. It is more prevalent amongst the younger generation such as teens and adults. It’s usually referred to some lip-syncing program that isn’t so much from the truth but it’s fun and everyone adores the online karaoke experience it attracts. Tiktok Video Analysis
Among those close comparisons for Tik Tok would be Vine as The program also gives a lot more than lip-syncing since it is better known for its action out memes it brings to the internet with sound clips and audio.
In a nutshell, here’s all you need to know about TikTok:
In a space of a year, Tik Tok has gotten over 500 million monthly active consumers as well as 1 billion downloads.
There has been a 275 percent YoY growth from new years yearly.
An Normal Tik Tok user spends an average of 60 minutes each day on the program.
A large percentage of these users are aged 16-24.
How to Use TikTok As An Influencer
There a lot of ways to use Tik Tok and even brands, artists In addition to actors have come to utilize TikTok to market their products, services or even brands. One of the ways to reach a high influencer includes having a large TikTok following and perspectives.
Views are also very crucial in movies. This is how it Functions, individuals are more interested in seeing a movie which has tens of thousands or millions of perspectives in relation to a video which has just hundreds or even tens of views. This is only because they assume it brings about superior entertainment and most be something watch looking forward to. Now these can improve your Tik Tok page because by acquiring more perspectives, you are getting more curious watchers and more followers to your account. Before we go on about how you can receive free Tik Tok views to enhance your webpage, below are some of the ways you can improve your webpage as well as your perspectives, followers, etc..
Set Up A Nice Profile
Among the most important items to look into when buying In order to get a fantastic following and attracting viewers is by setting up a good profile to ensure people you attract, have more reasons to stay. A few things to look into include a good username as picking a good username that reflects the sort of videos you create is a fantastic way to entice perspectives plus a following. Also making use of a suitable profile image and adding other links to social media networks is very important. Tiktok Video Analysis
Among the mistakes a Great Deal of users make is that just do Whatever comes into their minds. Now, as creative as you may think this is, it makes a rough new for you and doesn’t give you a good number of followers or views. So if you discover a niche that suits you well, stick with it. All you have to do is bring out your hidden abilities and some thing you can do better than others and take action.
Promote Your TikTok Profile On Different Social Networking Channels
Promoting your page on different social networks is a Fantastic way to Increase your views and your followers. It can be on your Instagram bio or your own FB page. Additionally seeing other people’s movies and commenting on interesting items on these is a fantastic method to better your followers and views.
Use Trending Hashtags
Getting the Most of trending Hashtags to make your videos open for More views. If you are a creator who produces videos fast, then utilizing trending Hashtags is a good method to earn your video available for more views. After making your movie, then slap on the trending and proper Hashtags for it.
Use Challenges
Challenges are a Terrific way to increase your audience engagement. It’s also a way to make your challenge or just take part in a single created by other people. It’s important to know that doing both is recommended because it makes you a part of a community and also a creator. You can choose to collaborate too since this is a really huge deal on Tik Tok. It’s possible to collaborate as a duet or finding other large Tik Tok influencers to collaborate with is a great way to bring more viewers.
You might be wondering how free views are can Help You to Get a Good following on Tik Tok however as we have already explained, you’d be gaining more perspectives if your video seems like it is going viral. People would want to know what it is about and this brings visitors to your page and the more information you have, the better ways you can engage them. As a social media influencer, Tik Tok is 1 socket you do not wish to sleep .
There’s a service that offers free Tik Tok perspectives for you Followers and engagements and it works easily as well.
All the views you get are completely free.
The more you refer us, the more freer views you receive.
Growing your Tik Tok profile as soon as possible is an excellent Way to get ahead of the competition as we all can see, Tik Tok will stay for a very long moment. Right now, a great deal of influencers are focusing on big and popular networking this is a fantastic time to grow yours on Tik Tok the moment possible due to low competition. That’s why we are here to give you the most free views now that the demand isn’t on the gain. Some people would turn to this to get an upgraded profile and grabbing this opportunity as soon as possible is a wise decision you would not repent at all.
It is clear now that more views equal engagement which Whatever You Want a social media influencer And much more. So If You’re looking forward to increasing your accounts before now and refer your friends as well as other Tik Tok users? Tiktok Video AnalysisGet Your Free TikTok Views Now!- Scottish Shortbread Cookies
Mumzie's Country Place
Saturday, January 3, 2015
Monday, August 4, 2014
Friday, July 25, 2014
Saturday, June 7, 2014
Friday, April 25, 2014
Binding Threads
The Threads That Bind
Let go of the people who cause constant pain; let go
of the negativity that colors a room more darkly
than any coat of paint.
Keep close the people you love, the ones
who stay engaged and open to life,
who bring joy and
peace the the house and garden.
-Dominique Browning
Mumzie
Posted by Mumzie at 10:55 PM No comments:
Tuesday, April 22, 2014
A Balancing Act
I dream of an art of balance, purity, tranquillity, devoid of distrubing or disquieting subject matter . . . something akin to a good armchair. -Henri Matisse
Have a wonderful Tuesday!
Mumzie
Posted by Mumzie at 7:32 AM No comments:
Thursday, April 17, 2014
Wednesday, April 16, 2014

Posted by Mumzie at 11:51 PM No comments:
Sunday, April 13, 2014
Monday, August 26, 2013
Friday, August 23, 2013
Sunday, August 18, 2013
Tuesday, January 29, 2013
Sunday, January 27, 2013
Tuesday, January 22, 2013
Primroses
The cheerful, bright flowers of primroses can be enjoyed inside the home as well as outdoors. Certain species, such as the dainty fairy primrose and the Polyantha primrose, do especially well as houseplants. Place them in a cool spot with indirect sunlight and keep the soil moist. The plants will reward you with spectacular color in late winter and early spring. Depending on the species, flower color may be white, red, pink, yellow, blue, or purple. - -
The Old Farmer's Almanac 2013 Gardening Calendar
I planted these last month and they are doing very well!
Mumzie
Posted by Mumzie at 11:21 PM No comments:
Course and Schedule Updates
Below you will find our schedule of courses for 2021. Apart from the list below, we are planning to run more courses which will be added in the coming weeks.Read more
GPTCA partners with with iTennisYou
GPTCA has entered into a partnership with iTennisYou, a software platform that provides academies, coaches and players with a set of tools that facilitate the management and self-management of training and also help analyze its progress.Read more
New Bidi Badu collection out now!
The new Fall/Winter collection launched by our Official Clothing Partner Bidi Badu is out!Read more
About
The GPTCA is the global hub for professional tennis coaching dedicated to educating, training, and assisting coaches who wish to evolve at the ATP Tour level or would like to work in women's pro tennis.
Upcoming GPTCA eventsShow all courses
What members are saying
"Courses offer methods for communicating with parents, the essentials regarding technical and mental development, as well as other important areas such as scheduling, nutrition and injury prevention."
Lucio Caprioli
Italy
"What makes the GPTCA courses different are the speakers. The course instructors are all on the front lines of the ATP Tour. The information that they share with us has been proven through the competition at the highest levels of tennis."
Alex Stokker
Romania
"The first course that actually gives you the experience of working with ATP players. Completely straightforward yet challenging and inspiring at the same time!"
Gregor Ficko
Slovenia
Ray Fosse reveals he’s been battling cancer for 16 years, will step away from booth
Longtime A's TV and radio broadcaster Ray Fosse will step away from the booth to focus on his health.
Matt Chapman makes rare shortstop appearance vs. Padres
Chappy didn't have to wait long for the ball to find him in his second career appearance at shortstop.
A’s bring back Khris Davis with minor league deal
Khrush Davis is back in the green and gold after a disappointing stint with the Texas Rangers.
Ep. 40 – Lessons from Petco Park
The Rickey hits the road and host Alex Espinoza conducts interviews at Petco Park in downtown San Diego.
A’s acquire Yan Gomes and Josh Harrison, go all in at trade deadline
The A's ended the trade deadline by sneaking in an 11th-hour deal to acquire two veterans.
Andrew Chafin needs houseboat, looks like A’s legend in the making
New A's southpaw Andrew Chafin wants to find a slice of the simple life in the Bay Area.
July 20 Oakland City Council vote: 14 updates from A’s new stadium search at Howard Terminal
The Oakland City Council voted 6-1 on its updated draft term sheet, but the A's aren't exactly happy.
Ep. 39 – David Peters
A's fan David Peters (aka @BleacherDave) joins host Alex Espinoza on the G.O.A.P. to discuss the July 20 Oakland City Council vote.
Ep. 38 – Bryanne Aler-Ningas
Longtime right-field drummer Bryanne Aler-Ningas joins host Alex Espinoza on the G.O.A.P.
10 takeaways from Oakland’s updated term sheet for A’s new ballpark
Here are some key things to know heading into Tuesday's Oakland City Council vote on the A's new stadium.
Premium PPE - Dust Arrest
Browse our extensive range of Premium PPE. Specifically designed for the toughest environments, these are products you can put 100% trust in and be assured of reliable products that are built to last. Call us today on 0800 980 0105 to discuss your individual needs and requirements
PDS | Home
We began life as a PPE distributor in 1993. By 1999, we had established ties with top ,safety, manufacturers from Europe and USA. The following decade A virtual networking platform that allows us to stay connected through various devices, the internet has proven to be extremely beneficial for us. Through the internet, we can send, receive, collect, store, update and perform numerous operations. The virtual world through the internet is half our life because it constitutes most of our days from us looking up online schedules, to checking groceries on the online store, taking classes on Zoom, looking up recipes for dinner, and finally watching our favorite movies. We are also globally connected as one. A person from one corner of the world can take his classes online or communicate with loved ones on the other corner of the world via the internet.
Xfinity internet has great and affordable deals for you to explore. Their basic package includes download speed up to 2G, smooth streaming, and lag-free gaming. If you are interested in a much faster speed and reliable internet, there are better deals available where you can connect up to five or more devices and get HD streaming for your movies and games to give you a better internet browsing experience.
A Digital 2021 April Global Statshot Report released in April 2021 showed that 6 in 10 people on Earth use the internet. According to this report, there are 7.85 billion people in the world, out of which only 4.72 billion people have access to the internet, equating to more than 60% of the total world’s population. Internet users have grown exponentially by 7.6 percent over the past year, since their last reports. This goes to show that more and more people are signing up on the internet. However, these reports still show that the rest of the world is not online or does not have access to the internet (approx. 40% of the world’s population).
Countries do vary by the scope of having the number of internet users. However, this does not reflect their overall connectivity; their internet penetration rate, which shows the number of internet users divided by the country’s overall population, will give an idea about how much of the users have internet in their devices and how many of them do not have any access to the internet.
China: According to a report released by Visual Capitalist in November 2020, 854,000,000 people are accessing the internet in China. This number is staggering showing that China has the largest number of internet users worldwide. However, their penetration is at 59%, stating that the number of unconnected users is relatively high. China still has a long way to go before reaching full connectivity.
That is not to say that China still has a large population who depend solely on the internet in their daily lives. In December 2020, a government agency called the China Internet Network Information Center (CNNIC) said that the country had 989 million internet users, which is almost 1 billion in population. The COVID pandemic forced millions to be trapped in their homes and adopt new habits including using the internet for social media activity and shopping online. China also owns some of the largest online trade markets, such as Alibaba, Tencent, etc. which have proven to have boosted the number of internet users.
India: Forbes India published an article in June 2021, where they showed that there were currently 622 million active users in the country in 2020. It is expected that by 2025, the number will increase by 900 million in India. India is catching up to China in the race to having the largest number of internet users. This growth will be led by an increase in internet users in rural India since they were responsible for 13% growth of the country’s internet users. However, rural India only constitutes two out of five internet users in India, and it is still far behind in digital infrastructure.
In India, the ratio of male to female internet users is the same in both urban and rural India. There are 57% male internet users and 43% female internet users in urban India, whereas in rural India, about 58% of men are internet users and 42% of women are internet users.
US: There were 293 million internet users in the US in August 2019 and that is only 52% of the US population, a statistics database Statista revealed. These 293 million internet users are mostly adults, aged 50 and under and they constitute 100% of their population. Only 73% of people 65 years and older have access to the internet in the US. The gender ratio shows that in the US, women (91%) use the internet more than men (90%). The first Wi-Fi installed in the US was back in the 90s so that the general public could make use of it. Reports show that in 2019, there are around 152,069 Wi-Fi locations found in the US.
These are the top three countries with the largest number of internet users, growing every day and it is also important to note that there are still a large number of users who have no access to the internet. Brands that want to build an online presence at an international level should look for countries with the largest youth population to advertise their business.
Also Read: What Is Packet Loss And Why It Matters For Gamers… William Joseph Schreiber, age 85, formerly of Chicago Heights.
WWII Naval Veteran.
Beloved husband of the late Ann Schreiber, nee Durmay; loving father of Raymond (Debbie), Nancy (William) Vandal, William Schreiber and James (Kelly) Schreiber; dear brother of Betty Jane (late John) Daum, Joan (Mike) Schuck and the late Dorothy (Lou) Michaelson; loving grandfather of Lisa Marie Ruffalo, Anne Marie Schreiber, Samantha (Ryan) Stanley, Carrie (Steve) Byrns, Stacey (Jame) Garofalo, Nicole (Douglas) Trolian, Michael (Katie) DeFrank, Matthew, Cody, Luke and Carley Schreiber; cherished great-grandfather of Jacob, Mikayla, Brandon, Nicholas, Alyssa, Joseph and Anthony; fond uncle to many.Specific Aim
The secondary and specific aim of the Society of the Holy Ghost is to undertake ministry for which the Church has difficulty in finding labourers.
Today we believe that aim is fulfilled by any means which conform to the demands of the Traditional Catholic Apostolate in order to preserve the Faith during this time of post-Vatican II auto-destruction of the Catholic Church.
In order to ensure the sanctification of its members and to prepare them more effectively for the Traditional Catholic Apostolate the Society requires its members to profess the Vows of Religion.
Thus, the Society of the Holy Ghost is a Religious Community of men. We profess the vows of poverty, chastity and obedience. We live a common life as brothers in accord with our Rules and Constitutions. We allow members to be ordained to the Priesthood. We are engaged in the active apostolate primarily by serving the pastoral needs of the Lay Faithful who come to the Chapel of our Friary.
Check out the Lens Coverage & Camera Comparison Tool from CVP...This page contains some of our policies which may be relevant to you. If you would like to see any of our other policies or want more information about our policies, please contact us.
Privacy Policy for Applicants for Funding to Organisations and Grantee Organisations
Safeguarding Policy
Conflicts of Interest Policy
Complaints Procedure
Smallwood Trust is registered in England & Wales under charity number 205798.
at Lancaster House, 25 Hornyold Road, MALVERN, WR14 1QQ.
We use cookies to improve your experience using this website. Learn more
Website by White FuseThe final of the National Amateur Cup featured Hanalei Bay (Krista Bonaguidi, Ryan Kerley, Robert Payne III, Daniel ‘Cacho’ Galindo Jr.*), who had their sights set on a title for the third consecutive year at Empire Polo Club (Indio, California) against La Fortuna/Blazers (Elise Bigelow, Pat Powell, Kyle Fargey, Luis Saracco). Meeting earlier in bracket play, Hanalei Bay captured the two-goal victory, but in the final on Sunday, February 7, La Fortuna/Blazers exacted their revenge by capturing the 7-5 win with a strong second half performance from the duo of Saracco and Fargey.
“This is the first time I have played the National Amateur Cup and I was lucky enough to win it!” – Pat Powell
Hanalei Bay’s Daniel Galindo Jr. and La Fortuna/Blazers’ Kyle Fargey reaching for the ball in the 2021 National Amateur Cup Final.
A hard-fought first half resulted in a tightly-marked game that saw four of the six combined goals scored from the penalty line. The opening plays of the game foreshadowed the intense battle ahead as Galindo Jr. received a Penalty 1 to open the scoring for La Fortuna/Blazers. The only undefeated team left in the tournament, Hanalei Bay exited the first chukker holding a 2-1 lead after Payne III’s first goal. The momentum swung back and forth with La Fortuna/Blazers taking their first lead on the scoreboard after two goals from Saracco, one of which came from the second Penalty 1 awarded in the game. Galindo Jr.’s second penalty conversion restored the tie as the two teams matched each other stride for stride and setting up an exciting second half.
La Fortuna/Blazers’ Kyle Fargey running with the ball.
The game opened up in the second half and the pace increased early in the third chukker to the benefit of La Fortuna/Blazers. In the most decisive chukker of the match, La Fortuna/Blazers kept Hanalei Bay off the scoreboard while Saracco continued to have an impact offensively, adding his fourth and fifth goals to give his team the lead. “With 6-3 going into the fourth chukker, we tried to keep possession of the ball as much as possible and let the minutes run out,” said Saracco, La Fortuna/Blazers just steps from the victory. The only penalty goal of the second half came off the mallet of Fargey to begin the fourth chukker, completing a run of four consecutive goals for La Fortuna/Blazers. Facing a four-goal deficit and time running out, Hanalei Bay made a late push, receiving back-to-back goals from Payne III and Kerley, but La Fortuna/Blazers executed their strategy of maintaining possession to withstand the pressure and capture the 7-5 victory to raise the 2021 National Amateur Cup.
“This tournament was the first time the four of us played together,” Bigelow revealed. “It’s wonderful to start out with a win and I am honored to play with this group of strong players. Today was a great team effort against a very tough and experienced Hanalei Bay.”
Most Valuable Player Luis Saracco, pictured with son Felipe Saracco.
For his game-high five-goal performance, Luis Saracco was awarded Most Valuable Player. “We played a very good and well-mounted Hanalei Bay team,” stated Saracco. “Not getting desperate and working hard on defense, we made a sizeable difference in the third chukker, winning the chukker 3-0. I think patience and anticipation and great teamwork were the most important thing for our win.”
Best Playing Pony was awarded to 10-year-old bay mare Lupita, played in the first chukker and owned by Robert Payne III. “She’s bred, trained and played by my father and I. She is pure thoroughbred out of a polo mare and a thoroughbred stallion that we own named Magistrates Trick. This is her first Best Playing Pony and it was one of the best chukkers she has played for me!” said Payne III beaming.
*Daniel ‘Cacho’ Galindo Jr.Jim Bremner.Sunbreak Sunday — tackle it with these activities
(HUGHSON, CA) A sunny Sunday is here for Hughson, Sunday, here’s the rest of the four-day forecast for Hughson:
Sunday, September 26
Sunny during the day; while mostly clear overnight
- High 84 °F, low 54 °F
- 7 to 12 mph wind
Monday, September 27
Sunny during the day; while mostly clear overnight
- High 79 °F, low 54 °F
- Windy: 18 mph
Tuesday, September 28
Mostly sunny during the day; while mostly clear overnight
- High 72 °F, low 50 °F
- Light wind
Wednesday, September 29
Sunny during the day; while mostly clear overnight
- High 77 °F, low 50 °F
- Light wind
This forecast was created automatically using NWS data.Opening for five (5) temporary staff positions in the framework of the Subproject "DIATOPO" of the Act "Crete Temporal Landscapes of Crete: Highlighting the Mirabello Sea and Mountainous Wealth" Ref. No.: 35608 ADA: 9ΠΗΡ469ΗΚΥ-ΤΗΜ August 18, 2020 Deadline: September 6, 2020 Career Opportunities Evaluation results for the positions with ref. num. 35608 Download file Application ShareMore Raw Beef Recalled After Nationwide Salmonella Outbreak
...
Federal officials say they are continuing to investigate the outbreak connected to the JBS Arizona plant.
9(MDEwMTk5OTQ0MDEzNDkxMDYyMDQ2MjdiMw004))Startups don’t care about web security until something odd happens. So, we thought. Who would want to hack a small firm that doesn’t even make $1000 MRR? Well, someone did!
When we got back to
However, after the reboot, and couple of minutes of stable Internet connection, the network went down again. Now, I’ve become curious and logged into the router to check what’s going on there.
It seems that the router received lots of incoming connections and wasn’t able to process them. Sounds like a DDOS attack.
Since we’ve recently moved both offices together, the first suspect was the new number of computers and misconfigured phones that might still be accessing VPN and searching for the non-existent sources. So, we’ve disconnected all the devices and played Sherlock Holmes to try to identify the internal source of DDOS. However, it wasn’t internal…
It turned out that someone had rented Amazon Cloud servers and began the attack on our computers from there. Originally, it was 5 servers on Friday. Then on Monday it went down to 1. We’ve recorded the name and IP address of that machine and list it here:
Name: ec2-3-113-7-114.ap-northeast-1.compute.amazonaws.com
Address: 3.113.7.114
Since it is a criminal case, we’ve been working with AWS customer service team to find out more about who had initiated it and will file criminal charges with the US authorities.
Remember, cybercrime is still a crime. It won’t go unnoticed and all the suspects will be punished by US law.Bill Prince
When Power & Motoryacht was founded, the magazine caused quite a stir by tapping famed yacht designer Tom Fexas to write, well, whatever he wanted. That torch was passed to Mike Peters and today, designer Bill Prince pens a monthly humor/opinion column titled Inside Angle. When he’s not designing a beautiful craft, he can usually be found cruising Lake Michigan with his family aboard his Tiara.Chapter 6. Managing Printers, Publishing, Auditing, and Desk Resources. Objectives. Create and modify shared printer resources Set up and manage published resources in Active Directory Audit access to shared resources Manage data storage. Creating and Modifying Shared Printer Resources.By elina
Client-Server Computing in Mobile Environments . Presenter : Rohan A. Bairat. Client-Server Architecture. Versatile, Message based, Modular Infrastructure intended to improve usability, flexibility, interoperability and scalability as compared to Centralized, Mainframe, time sharing computing.By paxton
Chapter Fifteen. Network Security. Objectives. Identify security risks in LANs and WANs Explain how physical security contributes to network security Discuss hardware- and design-based security techniques. Objectives. Use network operating system techniques to provide basic securityBy daxia
By emmyBy emmy
Lecture 16 Input and Output Devices and Systems. interrupts. Processor. Cache. Memory - I/O Bus. I/O Controller. I/O Controller. I/O Controller. Main Memory. Graphics. Network. Disk. Disk. Time(workload) = Time(CPU) + Time(I/O) - Time(Overlap). I/O Systems.By shira
CHAPTER Major Network Functional Architectures. Chapter Objectives. Discuss the characteristics, features etc of Peer-to-peer and client-server networks Discuss the emerging concept of thin-clients Examine the network operating system in terms of the client and sever componentsBy stormy
IBM Tivoli Directory Integrator. Jesper Hartoft jhartoft@dk.ibm.com. IBM Tivoli Directory Integrator – ITDI. Udfordringen og en mulig løsning… ITDI overblik Password synkronisering En assemblyline Mapning af data Udviklingsinterface Værktøjskassen Relaterede produkter. Udfordringen.By heath
Branch Cache Deep Dive. Joey Snow Technical Evangelist Microsoft Corporation. Agenda. Problem background Solution modes Deployment Demo Deep Dives Content Identification Integration architecture Security End to end flow Partners Resources. Problem Background.By benjy
Spring 2011 Computer-Based Test Grade 10 Mathematics Reading & Mathematics Retakes TRAINING MATERIALS. Training Materials Link. These training materials are available online at: gene
GPL Version 3 Fairness or Freedom?. Andrew Katz. Background. GPL Version 2 – 1991 Still the current version Venerable drafting Remember GPL V3 is still a draft. Core Philosophy behind GPL.By daveigh
Attacking Data Intensive Science with Distributed Computing. Prof. Douglas Thain University of Notre Dame. Outline. Large Scale Distributed Computing Plentiful Computing Resources World-Wide Challenges: Data and Debugging The Cooperative Computing LabBy magee
Using MIS 4e Chapter 2. Collaboration Information Systems. Study Questions. Q1: What is collaboration?. Q2: What are the components of a collaboration information system?. Q3: How can you use collaboration systems to improve team communication?.By ostinmannual
MGT316. Overview of Microsoft System Center 2012 SP1 - Storage Management . Amit Virmani Senior Test Lead Microsoft Corporation. Mahesh Unnikrishnan Senior Program Manager Microsoft Corporation. Overview: System Center 2012 VMM. Service Templates Application DeploymentBy leal
Data Models. Data Model : A set of concepts to describe the structure of a DB (data types, relationships ), operations for manipulation of the DB, and constraints on the DB. Data Model Operations : Operations for specifying DB retrievals and updates.By kavindra
Computer Networks. S3 Prepared by May Lau. What is computer network?. Flash Animation http://. What is computer network?. A computer network isBy Pat_Xavi
Chinook Arch Regional Library System. Chinook Arch Regional Library System. Chinook Arch Regional Library System. Chinook Arch Regional Library System. Chinook Arch Regional Library System. Chinook Arch Regional Library System. Maximizing Your MS Exchange Server InvestmentBy Albert_Lan
Concurrent Programming: From Thread Pool to Parallel Extensions. Sasha Goldshtein Senior Consultant, Sela Group. The Reason We’re Here. I spare you: “The free lunch is over” “Moore’s law has changed”By palmer
The life-cycle of a 3GPP Spec. Abridged for family viewing. xxx. yyy. yyy. Legend …. Pale green = Action by Rapporteur (or other WG delegate). Turquoise = Action by Project Manager. Yellow = Action by Specifications Manager. Click on button for links to related information on the web.By nuala
BA271 Week 1 Lecture. Dave Sullivan. Goals for BA 271. Become comfortable using a computer as a partner in everyday managerial tasks. Communicate with some style and class in a professional environment Use a computer to move and shake large amounts of information (database management).By aure
View File server PowerPoint (PPT) presentations online in SlideServe. SlideServe has a very huge collection of File server PowerPoint presentations. You can view or download File server presentations for your school assignment or business presentation. Browse for the presentations on every topic that you want.Become a member of WLIW ($5 monthly or $60 annually) and get access to WLIW Passport as our thanks for your support.
Members get extended access to PBS video on demand and more.
Produced by South Florida PBS in Miami, Florida, Changing Seas gives viewers a fish-eye view of life in the deep blue. Join scientists as they study earth’s last frontier and discover the mysteries of our liquid planet.Temperature Gradient is a measure of how much change in temperature there is as you go from point to point within a casting. A high temperature gradient means that there is a large temperature change within a short distance within the casting. A low temperature gradient means a small change in temperature from one point to the next.
Temperature Gradient is calculated at each node within the casting as that point hits the Niyama Point on the cooling curve. Temperature Gradient is always calculated in °C per centimeter.
Temperature Gradient can be used to get an idea of whether there was good or poor directional solidification at various points within the casting. In general, higher temperature gradients are good, as steeper temperature gradients mean a greater driving force for solidification.
The disadvantage of Temperature Gradient is that each casting ends up with a different range of values, depending on geometry, and it is hard to compare one casting with the next.
In the figure above, the brightest areas indicate those areas with the lowest temperature gradients, and the poorest directional solidification.A TWENTY-FIRST CENTURY BESTIARY
Animal: Exploring the Zoological World
Introduction by James Hanken, London: Phaidon, 2018, hb., 352 pages, £39.95
Any volume examining ‘humankind’s fascination with animals’ can only hope to be a conspectus, but Animal is unusually ambitious and thoughtful, handsomely produced and with an introduction by a Harvard zoologist. It ranges far and wide, from prehistoric paintings to 2018’s XROMM technology, which allows us to watch animal skeletons in action.
Images are paired cleverly, sometimes touchingly, to show how our fascination evolves – Francisco Goya’s void-falling bulls with a 1906 image of deer startled by a camera flash – a Greek Bronze Age fresco of introduced monkeys with a 2016 photo of Japanese snow monkeys naturalised in Texas – the puissant monkey-god Hanuman with Francis Bacon’s caged and screaming baboon – Eugène Delacroix’s sensitive dreaming tiger with today’s ‘unorthodox taxidermy’ in which animals are arranged in death-like rather than life-like poses. Nematodes’ swirling imprints echo Aboriginal cosmos-creating lizards, William Blake complements Grayson Perry, and twitching jerboas face onto pitifully chained goldfinches.
Many of the illustrations are part of common cultural zoogeography – Pablo Picasso’s bull, Uffington’s White Horse, Albrecht Dürer’s rhinoceros, Walt Disney’s orang-utans, Tutankhamun’s scarabs, Robert Hooke’s flea from Micrographia, King Kong, Edward Hicks’ Peaceable Kingdom – but intelligent captioning offers new angles even on these (Edwin Landseer’s Monarch is really a royal stag, with only 12-point antlers).
Many others will be less familiar, and some strikingly new – huge 6,000 year old giraffe carvings from Niger, Papua’s Ambum Stone, Aztec anthropomorphic myth as depicted for the conquistadores’ far-off King, Charles Le Brun’s human-animal phrenologies, John Ruskin’s kingfisher, a harvestman stalking a night-time pine forest, and four artworks created for this book.
Animal captures admirably two interlocking intoxications – the thrill of ever expanding zoological knowledge and the sheer joy of looking at animals, who look right back and into us in challenge and entreaty.
This review first appeared in the 7th November 2018 issue of Country Life, and is reproduced with permissionCHESAPEAKE
After reviewing the grading scales from surrounding districts and the 10 biggest school divisions in the state, the Chesapeake School Board voted 7-2 Monday to switch to a 10-point scale.
With the change, Chesapeake joins some of Virginia's largest school divisions, including Virginia Beach, Fairfax County and Prince William County in what some board members characterized as an effort to persuade the state to establish a uniform grading scale.
The board also voted unanimously Monday night to send a letter to the president of the Virginia Board of Education asking for a uniform policy.
Monday's vote followed years of discussion over whether to modify Chesapeake's scale.
Under the current seven-point system, students whose work scores from 94 to 100 receive an A; from 86 to 93, a B; 78 to 85, a C; and 70 to 77, a D.
Virginia Beach had the same system in place until the board decided to change it in January. Starting next school year, students who score from 93 to 100 will receive an A; 90 to 92, an A-; 87 to 89, a B+; 83 to 86, a B; and so on.
Latest Education
Board members worried that, with more school divisions making the switch, Chesapeake's students might be at a disadvantage when competing for college admissions and scholarships.
Chesapeake's new scale will be the same as Virginia Beach's.
It will go into effect this coming school year.
Board member Harry Murphy said he thought a scale with narrower ranges, and including minuses and pluses, could get students to put in extra effort to reach the next grade, instead of, say, coasting with a safe B.
Alicia Wittmeyer, (757) 222-5216, alicia.wittmeyer@pilotonline.comSlots, roulette, poker and blackjack to name but a number of are played out all over the world, from the slot machines within the pubs of Melbourne on the high stakes poker tables of Vegas in the states. Internet casinos are where most betting fanatics are turning with regard to their chance at the pot. But exactly where does one commence? Even before you get moving, it can be wise to reach are aware of the accessible bonuses at the a lot of gambling establishments. It will not only ensure that you’re wagering sensibly, but it’s also crucial for you to understand what positive aspects are at your disposal.
Take a peek through these globally identified on the internet on line casino bonus deals, then maybe proceed to a gambling establishment to get a trial in a instruction space, or free of charge place to try out your hand. Being an additional advantages, some internet casinos give a Monthly Internet casino Reward, therefore you get some credit at the start of the 30 days. Some casinos shell out quite a considerable amount when it comes to Regular monthly on line casino Bonuses; it may be all you should increase your good fortune. This really is a reward distinctive to some of the casinos on Casino Cash Experience – the reward signifies that on the web on line casino players will receive particular benefit delivers.
The availability and demand of online casinos is increasing daily, and more recent ฝากถอนไม่มีขั้นต่ำ casinos want to tempt players together with New on the internet Casino Additional bonuses. These extra marketing promotions provide you with an upper hand, especially during the touch-n-go free trial. Often internet casinos provide what is named a ‘Free Spins Bonus’. Casinos houses may provide athletes with free of charge credit score, or enjoying time and energy to chance their fortune. Not only is that this fantastic simply because you’re messing around with the house’s funds, but it’s another fantastic strategy to attempt other online game types, or some other gambling houses.
Please note that there is no deposit necessary to play, yet it is occasionally needed to state your earnings from the internet casino. What much better method to consider an online internet casino for the check run, or for newcomers who wish to check the seas, when compared to a casino that offers No Put in Additional bonuses. This enables you to enter a internet casino without placing down guarantee, or setting up a responsibility. Using this bonus you’re able to come and go while you remember to, but remember to remember that to claim your earnings it is usually required to produce a put in.At Skytime we provide effortless, luxury private air travel, delivering exceptional experiences and limitless possibilities. Whether you’re travelling for business or pleasure, our extensive industry knowledge means you’re in the safest pair of hands.
Our team is made up of dedicated industry experts, all of whom have extensive experience in the private aviation field. Knowledgeable, reliable and client-focussed, you can be assured that when you arrange your travel through Skytime, you’re getting the best possible client care from a team who puts your needs first. We are proud to provide a service that delivers truly luxurious experiences where style, comfort, privacy and convenience are a given.
We fully appreciate the importance of family life, as well as the responsibilities of business life, and take time to get to know our clients’ individual requirements. Our value lies in creating effortless, relaxing and pleasurable travel that meets the most exacting desires.
Here for you 24/7
Global Network of 7000+ aircraft
Award Winning heritage
True aviation experts
We keep it personal
“Experience, safety and trust are my priorities when choosing a private aircraft provider, Skytime has these in abundance”
Jay Palmer, Driver in the Lamborghini Blancpain Series
“I would highly recommend Skytime. I had no idea how to source a flight over the weekend. I emailed Skytime for assistance and received immediate help from James, who chartered a plane for me within hours. He went over and above the call of duty”
Mrs Nicola BeverageFlash Cash 5
The PICK-5 and LUCKY 4 LIFE games may very well be the best opportunities for serious cash returns that the various State Lotteries currently offer their players. If you've been dreaming of winning your own First Prize Jackpot, then the FLASH CASH-5 system is the most effective way to make that dream a reality! The way I see it, every player with his or her eye on the Jackpot has two very distinct choices: You can either keep dreaming about winning, or you can make your own luck by taking positive action and using this proven winning system!
I have literally been buried in letters from my customers who have been using the FLASH CASH-5 system with great success. Everyone keeps telling me that this is one of the best systems I have ever released. It makes playing and winning the Pick-5 games so easy that it's almost like picking up free money that's just falling out of the sky!!!
The FLASH CASH-5 system is designed to give you the best opportunity to win an actual First Prize JACKPOT in any State's Pick-5 game, while wagering as little as $25.00 per drawing. This system will reveal to you, in no uncertain terms, what I consider to be the absolute most effective winning technology ever offered to beat the PICK-5 and LUCKY 4 LIFE games. This is a phenomenally stable method that can effectively lead you to a successful big money winning Jackpot ticket. Imagine how you will feel knowing that the JACKPOT cash is yours!!!
Allow me to begin by explaining that the FLASH CASH-5 system is hands down the most revolutionary approach ever developed to land a Jackpot combination. After studying the Pick-5 games for a very long time, and running tens of thousands of hours of comparative computer profiles, I have found the virtual Achilles heal that exists in the structural format of these games.
The FLASH CASH-5 system uses a completely unique perimeter reflection formula to assemble five number groups of winning numbers. It achieves this by isolating the game into three specific components, affording the player a phenomenal degree of coverage. It has taken me years to pioneer this method which gives you the actual Ready-To-Play combinations to fill onto your betslip. Best of all, these combinations are so well balanced that, even when you don't hit the Jackpot, the FLASH CASH-5 system can still reward you with a multitude of high paying lower prize tickets. The simple fact is that when you win, you will win serious cash, and I can assure you that this amazing new system is all about winning - winning more cash more often!!!
The best feature of the FLASH CASH-5 system is not only how easy it is to put this winning technique to work in the Pick-5 games, but also the fact that once you receive your copy you can start using it immediately. That means that you may actually win your very own big money Jackpot the very first time you play. Imagine that - instant gratification!!!
Shortly after developing the FLASH CASH-5 system I began an extended period of thorough testing. My computers crunched the numbers day and night while I refined the selection process every step of the way. When the testing period was over, the smile on my face would have put a big mouth Bass to shame!
What immediately struck me as nothing less than astounding was the efficiency with which the FLASH CASH-5 systems READY-TO-PLAY numbers were able to zero in on First Prize JACKPOTS. Using my specifically modified perimeter reflection formula, I was able to target Jackpot combinations with alarming regularity. Plus, the amount of second and third prize winning combinations was so immense that it actually became a chore keeping track of them all. Imagine if your biggest problem was having to stand in line cashing in winning tickets after each drawing. I could certainly imagine far less desirable ways to spend my day!!!
When using the FLASH CASH-5 system you can play as few as twenty-five total combinations per game, which represents one wagering module. That's right, you can actually win the First Prize JACKPOT with as little as a $25.00 wager. You can also elect to play as many modules as you wish per drawing, with each module increasing your coverage and your chances of winning the Jackpot exponentially. And once again, you can start playing and winning the same day you receive the system. Not only is this one of the most effective Pick-5 systems ever made available to players everywhere, it is also extremely easy to use.
The State Lotteries are paying out real cash money every day. If you have the right numbers, you get the cash, it's as simple as that. And I am here to tell you that it has never been easier to have the right numbers. Order your copy of the FLASH CASH-5 system today and you too can start tapping into the huge flow of winning cash that so many players have already discovered.
We have again decided to limit the number of systems sold in this release to my preferred customers on a first come first served basis. After observing the outcome we will decide whether or not to release additional copies of this system at a later date. Therefore, if you are serious about landing your own PICK-5 Jackpot, I urge you to act now, as this may be the only opportunity you'll have to acquire a copy of one of the most powerful winning formulas ever devised to beat the PICK-5 and LUCKY 4 LIFE games.
Winning a Lottery Jackpot can truly be a life changing event. I should know, I have done it multiple times! I can therefore assure you that FLASH CASH-5 is the real deal, and it's ready to change your.Navneet Munot, CFA
With over 23 years of experience in financial markets, Navneet is responsible for overseeing investments worth over USD 30 billion across various asset classes in mutual funds and segregated accounts.
Prior to this role, Navneet was Executive Director and Head – multi-strategy boutique with Morgan Stanley Investment Management. And prior to that, Navneet was Chief Investment Officer – Fixed Income and Hybrid Funds at Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund.
Navneet is on the board of CFA Society India, and is also co-chair of capital market committee of Indian Merchants Chamber.
Navneet is a postgraduate in Accountancy and Business Statistics, a qualified Chartered Accountant, a FRM, a CAIA charterholder and a CFA charterholder.
There were no results found.I have used Gary Automobiles to source and deliver a new car in France. Since I don’t speak French it was a delight to deal with Gary himself. Everything from start to finish was handled with care and attention. Most of all I appreciated the good clear communication from Gary. E mails always received a reply and nothing was too much trouble. I would have no hesitation in using Gary Automobiles again in the future or recommending the company to others.
“Gary Automobiles made the whole process as painless as possible. We had dreaded trying to trade in our UK registered RHD Citroen in France, and hated the thought of having to go all the way back to the UK to sell privately, and then get ourselves back home to France by public transport. Gary sourced exactly the LHD Citroen we wanted, and then arranged for it to be registered in my name, got the Carte Gris sent to me in advance of the purchase, and then got the number plates made up for both the car and an extra one for my trailer. Gary also arranged to have a tow bar fitted, ready for when I picked the car up. Oh yes, and he also arranged car insurance to be effective from the day I picked the car up. A very efficient operation, and at an excellent price. I would have no hesitation in recommending Gary Automobiles to anyone (especially those English speakers with limited French) for the purchase of a car in France, or those who simply do not have the time or inclination to negotiate their way around the French bureaucracy involved. ” Monsieur Edwards, Colin
“Gary was fantastic in finding just the right car for us. The whole process was swift and easy. He arranged our insurance, an overnight stay and even collected us from the railway station. If you need a bit of help with finding and registering the right car for you in France then I can highly recommend him.”
Gary, I’m happy for you to add this to your testimonials page if you wish: The whole process of buying a car from Gary was painless and efficient, especially printing the new carte grise for us in his office. All questions were answered rapidly and courteously and his obvious desire to provide an excellent service was evident throughout. I would recommend him in the highest possible terms.
Salut Gary, Je te souhaite de bonnes fêtes de fin d’ année, à toi et ta famille, je suis toujours content de mon achat et si tu veux mettre sur ton site un commentaire, je te donne mon appréciation ci-dessous. Je suis enchanté d’ avoir rencontré Gary Automobiles le jour ou je m’ étais dis (tu vas réaliser ton rêve de gosse!) il avait la Porsche que je recherchais, à un prix défiant toute concurrence et dans un état irréprochable carnet d’ entretien à jour, suivi des révisions etc…de plus il est très patient. si je peux vous conseiller, n’ hésitez pas à faire affaire avec lui il est super pro! rien que du bonheur! Ps; quand je suis content je le signale et quand je suis mécontent je gueule! Cordialement.
We sourced the renault Grand Scenic from Gary in France as the same car was very expensive in Spain. Gary was very proffesional and helped with all the paperwork regarding re-registering it in Alicante!
Having been relocated with work to the French/Swiss border the issue of a car was a last minute panic, having been embroiled with the house/school/removals we had paid very little attention to buying a car in France where we would be settling. A search on the internet suddenly unravelled a rather complex process, being armed with holiday French skills only, the thought of being at the mercy of an unscrupulus dealer was rather alarming. Further searches on the internet via ex-pat forums resulted in a number of recommendations for Gary Automobiles, a quick search on the site and we found the ideal car. The car had all the relevant paperwork and Gary even arranged insurance for us. I flew out to conclude the deal, Gary picked me up from the airport and even arranged overnight accommodation locally. We still have the car (a BMW) which has proved to be extremely reliable. I would highly recommend talking to Gary if you are considering a car purchase in France, secondhand cars are very expensive over here, usually with starship mileage, I paid a very competitive price for the car and would not hesitate in another purchase from the same source – even though I’m fully fluent in the language now!
I am renovating a property in the Alps and divide my time between France and Scotland. I decided that it would be more convenient and economical if I kept a vehicle in France. Gary sourced a new car for me in France and handled all the transfers etc. He also delivers my car to the airport and even garages it when I return to the UK. His personal and english-speaking service has been really helpful and taken the hassle out of buying and keeping a car in France.
Un petit mot pour te remercier de ton chaleureux accueil. Tu es un véritable Père Noel….Nous sommes comme des enfants qui viennent de découvrir leur cadeaux devant un sapin de Noel !!! L’Audi R8 Spyder que tu nous a vendu est vraiment formidable. Merci encore d’avoir contribué à tant de bonheur.
A très bientôt , bien cordialement ,
In March 2019 I bought a gorgeous Renault Mégane Tce 100 from Gary. I had an old beaten up Mitsubishi that he gave me a fair price for. Quite frankly my old car wasn’t really worth anything, so I was just glad to get something for it. The transaction was smooth and without any problems whatsoever. I asked Gary to look out for a 4×4 Fiat Panda or similar to replace a 23-year-old Audi A6 that I also had. I realised that if I scrapped the Audi properly, I could be eligible for the ‘Prime à la conversion’ grant from the French Government. By May 2019 Gary had found a very funky Fiat Panda Cross 4×4 0.9TwinAir for me. Gary helped me scrap my Audi and have all the correct paperwork to claim the ‘Prime à la conversion’. I was delighted to receive an email last week saying that my claim was successful and I am going to be paid 4000€.
I’d highly recommend buying a car from Gary Automobiles. Both of my purchases were enjoyable and efficient from start to finish.
I had started to make the rounds of my local car showrooms looking for a suitable LHD vehicle. As I half expected there was no interest at all in a part-exchange of my RHD vehicle even though it was French registered. I had seen Gary’s advert in The Connexion publication and although his base is almost 1000km from my home I decided to give him a call. Even though he was on holiday he called me back within 2 hours of my call and within 24 hours had 2 options to present to me for the vehicle I wanted and at a better price than those on offer at any of several Peugeot dealerships in my area, additionally he offered me a reasonable trade in price for my existing vehicle . Even in the middle of August and French holiday season he completed the registration of my new vehicle and we arranged pick-up before the end of the month and of course had the forethought to send me a PDF of the car manual in English. Exceptional service, very pleasant and profession to deal with and a Yorkshireman to boot! I would recommend his services without exception.
My wife and I have just part exchanged our RHD Honda CRV for a replacement LHD CRV and a Peugeot Tepee through Gary Automobiles. We live near Uzes, France, some 3 hour drive from Gary’s location so a great deal of trust was involved in the process. None of that trust was misplaced. From start to finish Gary has responded to our various whimsies and concerns and kept us relaxed at every step. Meeting up with him to finally collect the cars was impressively thorough and organised and a real pleasure. Given all the frustrations involved in our permanent move to France, this element of that process stands out as the one major step forward that hasn’t been complicated by any steps in reverse!Contents
- 1 How do you know if the universe is telling you something?
- 2 Does the universe give you hints?
- 3 Does the universe give you signs that he’s the one?
- 4 How do I know if it’s meant to be?
- 5 Can the universe hear me?
- 6 How do you know when love is coming?
- 7 How do you know if someone is your destiny?
- 8 When you feel a connection with someone do they feel it too?
- 9 How do you know if you’re meant to be with someone?
- 10 What does it feel like when you meet your soulmate?
- 11 How do you know if you’re not meant to be together?
- 12 How do you know when something isn’t meant to be?
- 13 How do you know someone isn’t right for you?
How do you know if the universe is telling you something?
21 Signs The Universe Is Trying To Tell You Something
- Synchronistic Meetings.
- Dreams.
- Numbers or Patterns.
- Animals.
- Losing/Finding Objects.
- Breaking or Malfunctioning Objects.
- Repetitive Experiences or Encounters (“Deja Vu”)
- Fast and Furious Manifestation.
Does the universe give you hints?
One of the first and easiest ways to know when the universe gives you signs is to notice angel numbers. The more times you see a number repeated in a row, the stronger the message is. Even if you just see 11, you’re still getting a message. But 111 is going to be stronger and 1111 is going to be even stronger.
Does the universe give you signs that he’s the one?
The universe is always sending out signs, but it’s only when you open yourself up to receiving and recognizing them that you’ll realize just how much the universe wants you to succeed.
How do I know if it’s meant to be?.
Can the universe hear me? do you know when love is coming?
8 Signs From The Universe That Love Is Coming Your Way
- You just know when the time is right.
- You keep having the most romantic dreams.
- You start seeing the sequence of numbers.
- Random repetitions are sure-shot signs of love.
- You are confident and ready to take risks.
- You are happy and content with your personal life.
How do you know if someone is your destiny? you’re meant to be. if you’re not meant to be together?
You Feel Like You’re Not Good Enough For Them You may feel like you totally lucked out with your partner. But if you feel like you have to change who you are or you’re afraid that being your true self isn’t good enough for them, Mendez says this is a clear sign that you are not meant to be together.
How do you know when something isn’t meant to be?
5 Signs Something Isn’t Meant To Be
- You.
How do you know someone isn’t right for you?
12 Signs You’re Trying to Force a Relationship That Just Isn’t
- You want a relationship more than you want the person.
- You’re self-conscious.
- The relationship doesn’t recover from arguments.
- Your PDA is more affectionate than in private.
- You’re hoping some things about them will change.
- You don’t trust them.May 18 2020
02:05 AM
- edited
May 27 2020
03:33 AM
Hi Everyone
We seem to have a small glitch with the Yammer notification badges that display on the taskbar.
Instead of the reb bubble with a numeral showing all we see is a black square box as per screenshot.
Any help with this will be greatly appreciated.
Jun 04 2020
08:14 PMRegenerative Solutions for Sustainable Agriculture
Soils
Soil is critical to your business and to our Nation. As Franklin D Roosevelt said; " A Nation that destroys its soils destroys itself "
This is why Our Future Land is dedicated to providing solutions to all farming enterprises to build healthy soils with sustainable programmes that build soil carbon, restore nutrient cycles and ultimately clean water.
Working with you to understand your farming goals and vision for your business is essential. By understanding your business and vision in this changing environment we are able to tailor a program that will improve the health and productivity of your soil.
This is achieved by thorough Soil and Plant testing that gives detailed analysis that is used to develop a sustainable fertiliser and nutrient management program for your farming enterprise. Our approach is to provide the correct nutrition for soil health and biological growth that is both profitable and sustainable.
Your soil is the life and future of your business this is why at Our Future Land we recognise that soil fertility is more than just N P K S and soil chemistry. It’s about developing a planned approached to soil health and fertility that focuses on regenerating the soil, the biology, physical structure and the chemistry.
Healthy soil provides all the life and nutrition that produces the highest quality food or product for New Zealanders and the World.
In all of our agricultural enterprises nationally we must deliver high quality product.SIMPLY DIVINE CHARCOAL TOP
Write a review
$49.95 AUD $69.95 AUD
For a classic, lightweight knit to take you through the cooler days look no further than our Simply Divine Charcoal Top. As the name suggests, it's simply divine in its minimalist design. You will love how the fabric will hang beautifully to follow your body shape in a flattering way!
DETAILS: rounded neckline, fine ribbing on neckline, hem and sleeve cuff, long sleeves, x4 gold stud features on sleeve cuffs, mid-weight fabric, fitted pullover style, fabric has stretch
COLOUR: charcoal
FABRICATION: 65% polyester 35% cotton
MEASUREMENTS:
Size 8: Bust 96cm / Length 59cm
Size 10:Bust 100cm / Length 60cm
Size 12: Bust 104cm / Length 61cm
Size 14: Bust 198cm / Length 62cmAverage rating by users:
(Votes:0)
Author of Resource: Seena Hussain
Institute: Safar Academy
Resource Type: Lesson Related Activity
Subject: Islamic Studies – Textbook 3, Textbook 4, Textbook 5 – Week 04 – Respecting people – Week 24 – Good character and brotherhood – Week 27 – Good character & sins
When should I use the activity in my Islamic Studies Class? Starter Activity in class
Time Resource will take: 10 Minutes
What equipment or Preparation do I need for the activity?
Images Printed and Pens/Pencils
Describe the Resource:
Teacher can print out attached sheet per student or use one sheet placed on the blackboard for the whole class to view. Can also be done as a group activity.
Students spend 2 minutes per image; they will write down what they think of how these people should be treated or how they feel towards these people in their lives.VIRGINIA BEACH, Va. (WAVY) — 45 dogs were sent to the Virginia Beach SPCA and are in need of help.
According to a post on social media from VBSPCA, the 45 dogs were surrendered following a hoarding situation at a home on the Eastern Shore.
According to the post, more than 100 dogs were found living inside the home.
“They are scared, dirty, and covered in fleas. These dogs have never been outside of that house before now,” the post said.
The majority of dogs will remain at the VBSPCA, while the rest will go to other rescue organizations in the region.
Officials say the dogs are currently getting settled at the shelter eager for a bath and a check-up from the vet.Title:
“The Revolt of Ghent”,
Part 5
Author: William Morris
Source: Commonweal, Volume 4, Number 134, pp. 242-243 4 August 1888 (The fifth of seven parts.)
Transcribed by: Ted Crawford
Proofing and HTML:Graham Seaman
William Morris. Commonweal 1888
Title:
“The Revolt of Ghent”,
Part 5
Author: William Morris
Source: Commonweal, Volume 4, Number 134, pp. 242-243 4 August 1888 (The fifth of seven parts.)
Transcribed by: Ted Crawford
Proofing and HTML:Graham Seaman sometime fro thither wilt.”WILLIAM MORRIS
( To be continued.)Over the past few years, Apple Products has gained so much Popularity in Indian Market. But do you know why there is so much hype to Buy Apple Products? What is Apple Ecosystem and How it works and gives
All your devices.
One seamless experience.
, videos, and text from your iPhone or iPad to your nearby Mac or vice versa.
Top 10 Features of Apple EcoSystem
Airpods
Automatic switching allows
sound to move seamlessly
between your iPhone, Apple
Watch, iPad, and Mac when
connected to multiple devices.
1. Attend or Make Phone Calls from other Apple Products:
You can take iPhone calls directly on your Mac, Apple Watch, or iPad. Can answer a call or dial a new one while iPhone is charging in another room.
Receiving calls:- When a call comes to your iPhone, you can answer the call on your Mac, Apple Watch, or iPad. You’ll get a notification while you continue what you’re doing.
Making calls:-Making a phone call from your Mac is as easy as receiving one. You can click any phone number you see in Contacts, Calendar, Messages, Spotlight, or Safari to dial a call. You can even start a call from your FaceTime call history or enter the digits on your keyboard.
2. SMS-More ways to get your message across.
With a Mac and iPhone, you can send and receive SMS text messages — the ones in green bubbles — directly from your Mac. All the messages that appear on your iPhone appear on your Mac too, so all your conversations are up to date on all your devices. And when friends text you — regardless of what phone they have — you can respond from your Mac or your iPhone, whichever is closest.1 You can also start an SMS or iMessage conversation on your Mac by clicking a phone number in Safari, Contacts, Calendar, or Spotlight.
3. Auto Unlock-Log in before you even settle in.
Automatically log in to your Mac when you’re wearing your Apple Watch. No password typing is required. Need to take a quick call or step away? Get straight back to work when you return. or You can unlock your iPhone using Apple Watch without removing the Mask from your Face.
4.Handoff-Start it here. Finish it there.
Say you start writing an email on your iPhone, but you want to finish it on your Mac. Or you start writing a report on your iMac but want to continue on your iPad as you head to your meeting. exactly where you left off without having to search for the file. Handoff works with Mail, Safari, Notes, Pages, Numbers, Keynote, Maps, Messages, Reminders, Calendar, and Contacts. And app developers can easily build Handoff into their apps.
5.Universal Control-One way to work across your devices.
6.Universal Clipboard-Copy on one device. Paste on another.
Copy images, video, or text from an app on your iPhone or iPad. Then paste into another app on your nearby Mac — or vice versa. There are no extra steps. Just copy and paste as you normally do. Find a great recipe while browsing on your Mac? Paste the ingredients directly to the grocery list on your iPhone or iPad. You can even copy and paste entire files between two Mac systems.
7. AirDrop-Sharing files has never been easier.
AirDrop makes sharing files between Mac and iOS or iPadOS devices simple. With just a few clicks on your Mac, you can take a file from any folder and use AirDrop to send it to a nearby Mac, iPhone, or iPad. And since AirDrop is peer to peer, it works without a Wi-Fi network. It’s perfect for, say, sharing a document with a co-worker in the next room or sending a presentation to a client across the table. You can use AirDrop to send files from the Share menu in your apps or from the Finder. Recipients will receive a notification, which they can simply click or tap to download the file.
8. Instant Hotspot-Just like that, you’re online.
No Wi-Fi? No problem. With Instant Hotspot, your Mac can remotely activate the Personal Hotspot on your iPhone when they are near each other.4 Simply select your iPhone from the Wi-Fi menu on your Mac and you’ll be online in seconds. You can even leave your iPhone in your pocket or bag. When connected to your Personal Hotspot, your Mac displays the signal strength and battery life of your iPhone at the top of the Wi-Fi menu. After you finish browsing, the hotspot automatically deactivates to preserve battery life. The next time you want to get online and there’s no Wi-Fi, your Mac will ask you if you want to use your hotspot again. Just click OK to get online.
9. Continuity CameraScan or shoot directly to your Mac.
Use your iPhone to shoot a nearby object or scan a document and have it automatically appear on your Mac. Just choose to Insert a Photo from the File menu, then choose to Take Photo or Scan Documents. Take a photo of something on your desk and instantly see it in your Pages document. Or scan a receipt, and a straightened version is immediately available in the Finder as a PDF. Continuity Camera works in the Finder, Mail, Messages, Notes, Pages, Keynote, and Numbers. It’s another way iPhone and Mac just click.
10.Sidecar-Use to Extend your desktop With iPad
Sidecar lets you extend your workspace by using your iPad as a second Mac display. Work in one app while you reference another or view your main canvas on one display while spreading out your tools and palettes on the other. You can also mirror the screens so they both display the same content, making it perfect for sharing exactly what you see with others.
Read More-
3 Responses
[…] WHAT IS APPLE ECO-SYSTEM & TOP 10 FEATURES […]
[…] Apple Ecosystem Explained-Top 10 Features APPLE ECO-SYSTEM TOP FEATURES Backend and Frontend Development 8 best email marketing platforms Email marketing services platforms Post navigation ← Previous Post […]
[…] Ways to Start Investing for Teenagers in India Why you should never Charge your Phone to 100% Apple Ecosystem Explained-Top 10 Features Latest Clubhouse Updates-Now Public for Everyone. Post navigation ← Previous […]Friday 2nd October 2020
There were some fantastic setting descriptions yesterday and everyone was starting to recognise ambitious and exciting vocabulary for description. Therefore, I would like to continue exploring our vocabulary banks today by completing a 'Zones of Relevance' Board.
On the presentation is an image of the centre of London and an example of how to complete a 'Zones of Relevance' Board.
I have provided a set of adjectives to start you off. Decide how strong the adjective is at describing the image, the strongest go in the middle of the board with the weakest towards the outside. Any adjectives which do not describe the image accurately should be put in the white area outside the target board.
Once you've put all my words on the board have a go at choosing some words of your own. You could use a thesaurus to help you do this.
Thursday 1st October
Please look at the example of a setting description adapted from 'A Bear Called Paddington.' Identify the expanded noun phrases and look how they have been used to 'paint a picture' in the reader's head.
Have a go at describing your own setting for your short story. It could be a train station just like in the story or you could use a different setting such as an airport or ferry port.
Remember to use expanded noun phrases (adjective+adjective+noun) in your writing (underline examples of these) and check your work once you have finished using the checklist.
Wednesday 30th September 2020
I would like you to continue creating exciting expanded noun phrases using the pattern:
Adjective + Adjective + Noun (+ additional detail).
Use the images to help you write imaginative sentences using expanded noun phrases.FIRA Barcelona, Gran Vía
1-4 February 2022
Hanshin is a R & D company and proficient in developing IT solution products for corporate and educational sector. Our years of expertise in hardware manufacturing and software engineering makes us your best choice as an OEM partner. We are targeted in focus oversea OEM branding and we have experienced on this service more than 12 years. Our product included TouchMate, 4 Touch Interactive Whiteboard, Multi-Touch TV, Portable Interactive Whiteboard.Emergency Preparedness and Continuity of Operations (COOP) Planning in the Federal Judiciary [Updated August 8, 2003] [open pdf - 60KB]
In the wake of the September 2001 terrorist attacks, subsequent anthrax incidents that briefly affected the Supreme Court, and occasional warnings of the potential for further terrorist activity, judicial branch policymakers and administrators have given renewed attention to crisis response, emergency planning, and continuity of operations (COOP) issues. In the federal judiciary, COOP planning is an extension of court emergency preparedness plans designed to safeguard lives and property during emergencies. The federal judiciary is highly decentralized, both geographically and administratively. Consequently, emergency and COOP planning is carried out locally, according to guidelines issued by the Administrative Office of the United States Courts (AOUSC)...Prior to September 2001, the federal judiciary had engaged in efforts to improve security in court facilities. After the attacks, AOUSC recommended the designation of a senior court executive in every court to coordinate and be responsible for developing appropriate procedures for emergency preparedness, and COOP. AOUSC also recommended that the courts coordinate their planning activities with the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and local federal executive agencies. This report discusses actions taken by AOUSC following the September 11 attacks, and describes expectations for emergency preparedness and COOP plans in the judiciary. Other sections address issues and policy questions Congress might consider, including matters of the status of judicial emergency and COOP preparedness, and funding for future policy and oversight questions regarding judicial contingency planning. This report is one of several CRS products related to government emergency preparedness and contingency planning". - From SummaryHelp with citationsI kept my promise! I had promised Pontheolla Mack Abernathy that I’d celebrate my January 3rd birthday for the entire month, just as she’s done for her birthday for most of the years I’ve known her. The Abernathys and the Veneys have always celebrated our birthdays together, me and Pontheolla in January ,Tim in May and Paul in June.
On my first birthday without Tim, I wasn’t exactly looking forward to my birthday. So when Pontheolla asked me to join her this year in the month long celebration, I thought it would be great idea for me to focus solely on myself. I started right on January 1st, with a New Year’s gathering with the Vorgangs, and our other great friends Phyllis and Jennifer. I had never been to Phyllis’ home and we all had a blast. There was an incredible amount of food to eat and of course Linda sent a ton of food and an entire cake home with me. She also made my favorite lemon cake and everyone sang an awesome rendition of Happy Birthday! It was awesome!
On my actual birthday on the 3rd, I went to work instead of taking the day off as I usually do because I didn’t want to be home alone. But I got to spend the evening with my family. Kim and Kendal gave me a beautiful plant, card and a balloon and we had a great evening and dinner at Ruby Tuesday!! They sang to me too and we ended the evening with a great dessert!!
The very next day, our friend Joe (Tim’s brother from another mother and fellow sedan service owner) took me to Wildfire in Tysons Corner, VA, a place I’d never been (another goal I had for the month). The food was to die for and served in HUGE portions so I even had lunch for the next day. Joe brought me flowers and an awesome card. We had a blast, mostly laughing at all the good times we all had together! But we also shed a few tears while talking about Tim. Like me, Joe misses Tim terribly.
Every morning from the 1st until the 5th, I read a speech from Martin Luther King Jr. before heading to work, which gave me lots of inspiration and hope. On the night of the 6th I was treated to dinner by Louise at our favorite Democratic Club. We had great food and great conversation as usual.
The afternoon and evening of the 7th was a true blast. Kim and I took Kendal to see Flying Bach, a breakdancing group that performed to Bach’s classical music! It was stunning, and definitely something I’ve not done before! I named the week of the 9th, international food week! On the 10th I had dinner at Bonchon Korean Chicken with Vicky and on the 16th I went to Azucar Mexican restaurant with Brenda, followed by dinner with Eva on the 17th at Lebanese Taverna, a place I’d passed many times but had never tried. My dinner of chicken kabobs and Lebanese rice was one of the best meals ever!
From the 5th to the 10th I read meditations written by clergy for dementia caregivers. Each of the meditations were inspiring in a different way. From the 10th to the 19th, I went through hundreds of our photos from the more than 30 years of trips that Tim and I took. Reviewing those memories was very therapeutic for me and inspired me to write some notes and quotes to go with some of the photos. On the 11th, I made a change to my appearance by getting a new hairstyle, cutting the sides short and getting rid of the part in my hair that I’ve had for more than 20 years. I love the new look and have received lots of compliments on the new style.
The weekend of the 13th was incredible! I had a girls weekend with Kendal, our first sleepover since Tim’s passing. We did her favorite Chick-Fil-A on Friday night so she could play in the play area after we had dinner On Saturday we watched movies all day and had pizza for dinner! The highlight of the weekend was taking her to church on Sunday where she served as Junior Verger for the 11:15 service working with me! She was an amazing helper for me, and so many people mentioned how professional and focused she was with her duties!
I started a new trend on the evening of the 19th. My friend Brenda had told me about a swing dance class that she had just started on the 16th at Transfiguration Episcopal Church and she talked me into going as well. I was skeptical, but I showed up for the next class and liked it so much I paid for the entire 11 week course. It was quite the workout, and it requires counting steps, so I’m hopeful it’s yet another activity to keep my mind sharp. I’ve been to four sessions so far and am thoroughly enjoying it! The class members are a group of really fun and encouraging people! Also during this week I built my largest LEGO piece to date, the US Capitol with more than 1,000 pieces. It’s amazing and was very inspiring to build!
On the 20th, I headed to our South Carolina home, Clevedale Historic Inn and Gardens in Spartanburg, the amazing Bed and Breakfast owned by Paul and Pontheolla. I was worried about how sad it would be on my first trip without Tim, but they put me in a room we hadn’t stayed in before so that I can make new memories now that Tim isn’t here. On the night of the 20th we went with three friends of the Abernathys to Northhampton Wines Restaurant. We were in a private area called the “office” which we had all to ourselves. Not only was the room very cool, but the food and service was incredible. Before heading back to DC, I went to Paul’s church, Epiphany Laurens to hear him preach! It was as inspirational as I knew it would be.
The last 10 days of the month, I shifted to making a dream Tim and I had come true. After working hard to close up the last few things from Tim’s business Bear Sedan and get his taxes ready, I began focusing on opening a shop on the website called Etsy to sell my fidget toys made with my favorite LEGO bricks. It was a goal Tim and I had to set as part of our work we would do on the road in our RV. I’ll be carrying on that work alone, but Tim would be thrilled that I followed through on that part of our dream! My Etsy shop, called CreativelyLoretta should be open by the first week of February.
On the night of the 27th my St. Mark’s support group gave me the final celebratory dinner of the month. Louise made minestrone soup which was fabulous on a very cold night, and there was salad and grilled veggies, bread and a ton of dessert, even cupcakes made by my very own Kimberly! Even my love of LEGO bricks was included in the evening, as Jan had everyone build what it meant to them to support me! I was blown away!
I spent the final weekend of the month just pampering myself. I slept it on Saturday but got up at the crack of dawn on Sunday and began creating a variety of potential new LEGO toys and doing lots of writing, while watching some great women’s movies I had recorded. On Sunday, I wanted to have one full day of inside activities and rest, because I have a big month of evening work and travel coming up in February. The weekend worked out even better that I had hoped.
For my inspirational reading for the end of the month, I began reading the book, Michelle Obama, A life by Peter Slevin which was a great gift from my cousin Willette. It’s an amazing book! On the 30th I did yet another thing I hadn’t done before. After work, I headed to the movies in Silver Spring to see Hidden Figures before the start of my dance class. I had never been to the movies alone, but I’m so glad I went! It was such an inspiring movie and I was very proud of those women and their story! After the movie I had plenty of time to grab a quick dinner and get to class. What a night great of class we had!! We are all starting to get all of the steps down, and the class paired off into 30 couples and danced (switching partners every 2-3 minutes) for the entire 90 minutes of class!
Now that the end of the month has come, and I look back on all of the special dinners I enjoyed, the time spent with groups of friends, the deeply reflective and spiritual things I read and experienced, I’m thrilled that Pontheolla encouraged me to celebrate each and every day. It felt so good to focus on me and to care for myself in an intentional way that I don’t believe I’ve ever done, and certainly not for an entire month. I feel better and stronger and ready to continue tackling whatever comes my way. I pray that this feeling of joy and empowerment will stay with me for the remainder of this year and I am thankful to everyone who made this month one of the most special of my life, during a time that I needed it most! My journey continues! Love you all!
If you're looking for a simple and affordable board to stick in a media center PC, Biostar's latest A10N-9630E might be a good option. It comes in a Mini-ITX format and has the AMD A10-9630P Bristol Ridge APU soldered into it.
The A10-9630P APU is a bit of a unique chip. It isn't listed on AMD's website (yet), and it is soldered to the motherboard. Despite that though, it is actually quite a powerful piece of silicon, packing four CPU cores that clock in at 2.6 GHz with a turbo speed of 3.3 GHz. With a TDP of 35 W, it's got plenty of headroom, too. As an APU, it also comes with integrated Radeon R5 graphics. A simple cooler is installed from the factory.
The board itself comes with the basics you need for a media system and not much more. It has two DDR4 memory slots, one M.2 slot, USB 3.2 Gen 1 support, HDMI 2.0, and two SATA III ports -- though when an M.2 SSD is installed, the second SATA port will be disabled. If more graphics horsepower is needed, you can install a GPU into the PCIe x16 slot, though note that it only offers eight lanes of PCIe 3.0, so high-end GPUs will be (slightly) bottlenecked.
All things considered, this is a great board for a media system or casual office use computer. It'll keep up with web browsing and media consumption quite well.
Of course, the biggest deciding factor is the price, which Biostar hasn't announced yet. We don't expect the Biostar A10N-9630E to be too costly, though, and with today's memory and SSD prices, along with a simple case, you could have a neat home theater system at a nice price.
AAAAAnd it can happen, as athlon + mobo is over 100$ no mater what mobo you will pick. if that thing will be under 100$ with mobo AND cpu combo. strength wise its around 3'rd gen i5, so powerful like twin turbo mercedes 0.7 engine from smart.
I was going though that article hoping higher (I forgot bristol was not zen based) for R series of home theater boxes that can run crysis....
Not really, an athlon 3000g is $43 and an A320 motherboard is $50, so that's $93 total. However, that's for a mATX motherboard.
Unfortunately miniITX boards are more costly because most are B350/450 boards. The cheapest is generally around $99 just for the board.
If this soldered mini iTX solution is anywhere near $150, I'd say just buy an athlon 3000g and mini itx board separately. The included cooling fan on the 3000g is tiny.
What I was going for is if they offered the whole package for under the cost of just the 3000g. The performance difference between the 3000g and this is so significant, paying 100$ for the 3000g + mobo vs even 50$ for this I think is more in favor of the 3000g than this.
As just home theater box, it will work and no reason to go higher. 10, 1923. Washington, D.C. "Evelyn King, Fred W. Newman, Thelma Reese and W. Gately, marathon dancers, getting licenses to marry." The hoofers last glimpsed here. Harris & Ewing glass negative. View full size.
In addition to badges, the uniform collars are embroidered U.S.M., meaning United States Marshals.
This photo and the matching National Photo Co photo you posted in 2014 seem to have been snapped at the same moment, judging by the similar sneer(?) of the man standing between Groom 1 and Bride 2. Taken from slightly different points of view, I bet you could use these two images to create a 3D model of the ceremony.
What are those metal badges/uniforms worn by the guys on the right, behind the desk?
[They identify their wearers as U.S. Marshals Service deputies. - Dave]
Handcuffs won't do---best get the ball and chain.
Some of the faces look very similar to those at the Western Electric Christmas party. Maybe everybody looked like this in 1920s Washington, D.C.
The couple on the left doesn't seem to be happy about this event. The other couple looks vaguely pleased. The handcuffs hanging in the background may be symbolic of their thoughts about getting married.
On Shorpy:
Today’s Top 5You can make a tax-deductible donation to The Capital Ringers whether or not you have a PayPal account. Clicking on the button will take you to a secure payment site where you can make a one-time or recurring donation. Thank you!
The “Friends of Capital Ringers” campaign is an opportunity for individuals, families, and businesses to financially support the Capital Ringers’ mission of artistic and educational outreach performances. Friends’ contributions help cover some of the expenses of purchasing and maintaining handbells, handchimes, music, and other equipment. Friends who donate $25 or more will be acknowledged in our concert programs and on this website.
A portion of each performance program is reserved to acknowledge our organizational supporters. For as little as $25, your organization can demonstrate your support for Capital Ringers to more than 2,500 concert attendees throughout the Delmarva region.
Reserve from an eighth to a full page to display a promotional message about your company.
Send checks payable to Capital Ringers, PO Box 35, Lewes, Delaware 19958.
Click on the button below to access the brochure for program ads.
Scan your reward card at check-out. Then save and drop off your receipts at our concert (or mail them to us at PO Box 35, Lewes, Delaware 19958). Capital Ringers receives 1 percent cash back.By Bob Tourtellotte
One is 11 years old and likes to giggle and wear pink sunglasses. The other is 19 and super serious. They would have little in common if both weren't being touted as rising Hollywood stars.
Canadian-born actresses Ellen Page, 19, and Jodelle Ferland, 11, are winning rave reviews for their new films -- "Hard Candy" for Page and "Silent Hill" for Ferland.
In "Hard Candy" which opened last week, Page plays 14-year-old Haley Stark who is preyed upon by a man before turning the tables on him.
The movie is rated "R" in the United States, meaning no one under age 17 can get in unless they are accompanied by an adult. But Page -- who was 17 when she made the movie -- thinks underage girls should see "Hard Candy" because she considers it as a tale of empowerment.
"They should sneak in, in my opinion," she told Reuters.
In the movie, Haley befriends a photographer in an Internet chat room, arranges to meet him and goes to his home. Once there, Haley tortures him the way she imagines he has hurt his victims if, in fact, he truly is the pedophile she believes he is.
"Hard Candy" has earned mostly good reviews, but the buzz around Page's performance has been glowing. "The actress will be in great demand as soon as Hollywood sees this, if she isn't already," writes Daily Variety critic Todd McCarthy.
In fact, she is. Page plays Kitty Pryde in the action-adventure flick "X-Men: The Last Stand," which opens in theaters next month.
The actress seems unfazed by the talk of rising stardom. "I just want to be as honest and as grounded as I can. I'm not going to change," she said.
From Furs to Frights
Jodelle Ferland giggled when asked why she likes acting. "I get to go lots of different places," she said, "and I get to meet lots of new people."
That bubbly personality is the opposite of her movie and TV roles, so far. Ferland has earned accolades playing endangered or ghostly young girls in films and TV miniseries like "Kingdom Hospital."
In supernatural thriller "Silent Hill," which opens on Friday, she plays a child who becomes lost in a town that exists in different time dimensions and is inhabited by ghosts. Her parents must find her before the ghouls do.
"They like to cast me for scary roles," she said. "I think it's because they want you to be scared, but also to like the little girl.".
"I knew that she had a wonderful schizophrenic quality, that she could play different characters in a similar way," he said. "I realized Jodelle was perfect for the part."
Ferland, like Page, has performed for years on Canadian television and won awards for her work. She began acting when she was 2 years old, and said she plans to continue.
"I can't think of any reason why I wouldn't," she said, then giggles..white 4 drawer letter file cabinet supplier from Ec21-DBin . 4-Drawer Locking Black DBin Brand 30″ Wide Lateral File Cabinet Sold Out $189.00 This is a black 30″ wide 4-drawer lateral file cabinet made by DBin. It has the hardware for letter or legal size hanging files, and
Staples 2-Drawer Vertical File Cabinet, Locking, White, Letter, 19.88″D (28883D) 104. Free delivery eligible. $172.99.
3 Drawer Lateral File Cabinet with Lock Metal Lateral Storage Cabinet for Office $312.54 Was: $328.99 Free shipping 4 watching 3 Drawer Lateral File Cabinet White Open Shelf $290.00 Free shipping Lorell Essentials Lateral File – 35″ Width X 22″ Depth X 29 …
cheap metal 2 drawer letter file cabinet price Ec21 Amazon.com: metal file cabinet DEVAISE 3 Drawer Mobile File Cabinet with Lock, Under Desk Metal Filing Cabinet for Legal/Letter/A4 File, Fully Assembled Except Wheels, Black 4.6 out of 5 stars 556 $132.99 $ 132 . 99
2 Drawer File Cabinet with Lock, Stainless Steel Full Metal Lateral File Cabinet for Home and Office, 35.43″ L x 17.72″ W x 28.39″ H, Black 4.3 out of 5 stars 41 $179.99 $ 179
【2 Drawers File Cabinet】Equipped with 2 utility drawers and 2 Hanging File Bars to keep file folders in order. 【Lockable File Cabinet】Heavy Duty Interlock System is Ideal for Muti-Drawer. The information of Lateral File Cabinet(2 Drawer)..
2019/11/18 · Bush Business Furniture Easy Office 2-Drawer Lateral File Cabinet, White, Standard Delivery $509.99 each (Reg) $407.99 Sale (Save $102)
White Lockable Heavy Duty Lateral Metal File Cabinet with 3-Drawer by Merax (2) $ 362 11 $ 489.99 Save $ 127.88 (26 %) 2-Drawer White Lateral File Cabinet with Lock and Key by Boyel Living $ 636 27 /carton New Modern Style White Metal Decorative by $
White Combo Lateral File Cabinet This combo lateral filing cabinet includes two box drawers, a standard filing drawer and a lateral filing drawer. The top is removable so it can be seamlessly installed into a Harmony Collection desk. It is available in different finish..Jr. Mechancial Design Engineer
Upsite Technologies Albuquerque, NM
- Expired: over a month ago. Applications are no longer accepted.
Primary Responsibilities
- Design and evaluate mechanical systems and products by designing, researching, and applying principles of mechanics
- Design products and/or components for projects
- Design and implement product improvements and product modifications
- Create engineering documentation as required
- Analyze problems and implement solutions
- Evaluate customer requirements, research, and test manufacturing and assembly methods
- Maintain databases and systems to track information for current and future use accurately
- Execute general engineering projects as assigned by the supervisor
- Work with a broader team on prototyping and testing
- Create First Article Inspection Reports
- Prepare documentation for customer proposals
- Occasionally assist sales personnel on the phone or in the field with end-customers
Skills and Responsibilities
- Strong knowledge of Solid Works and/or AutoCad, or similar experience
- Experience with 3D printing or other additive manufacturing is a plus
- Knowledge of HVAC and/or Power is helpful but not required
- Comfortable using hand tools and small machine operation is a plus
- 1-3 years mechanical experience
Upsite TechnologiesWhy Work Here?
Upsite Technologies - A small company with a great reputation! A leader and pioneer in our space!
Upsite Technologies is a growing manufacturer of products that enhance thermal efficiency in Data Centers. Today we offer a complete line of passive products that improve airflow and separate hot air from cold air. We are looking for a Jr. Mechanical Design Engineer domiciled in Albuquerque or the surrounding area. Upsite is a division of Aquila Inc., an employee-owned technology firm located in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Aquila partners with public, private, and global organizations in advanced communications, network design and implementation, project management, information security, prototype design, and manufacturing.
Address
8401 Washington PL NEAlbuquerque, NM
Industry
ManufacturingView all jobs at Upsite TechnologiesA weekly roundup of the youth sports scene in Highland Park
BASEBALL:
1-2-3, and the Owls win. It’s been a while since the Highland Park High School varsity baseball savored the sweet taste of victory. On Monday, April 27, the Owls broke through in a big way winning by two field goals in earning a 14-8 victory over Cardinal McCarrick. 1-2-3 refers to the Owls first three hitters being pitcher Ryan O’Shea, second baseman Dylan Powell and shortstop Mike Kovalchik who combined for a total of five hits, six RBI and seven runs scored to lead the way.
Cardinal McCarrick jumped out of the gate in the top of the first inning to grab a 2-0 lead. Undaunted, the Owls came right back off Kyle Chaney in the bottom of the frame when Mr. Powell walked and Mr. Kovalchik belted an RBI triple. Third baseman Sawyer Conrad grounded out to knock in Mr. Kovalchik, the senior shortstop and pitcher with the tying run.
In the bottom of the second some shoddy fielding by the Eagles led to five unearned runs and a 7-2 lead for the Owls. First baseman Sam Murphy walked, went to second on a passed ball and scored when center fielder Jose Ruiz’s grounder to third baseman Nick DeKolf of Cardinal McCarrick was thrown away for an error. Left fielder Liam Roth walked. Both runners scored when Mr. Powell cracked a double to left. Mr. Kovlachik walked and Sawyer’s grounder to DeKolf was thrown away allowing Dylan and Mike to score. Mr. O’Shea went 2-for-5 with an RBI and a run scored while Mr. Kovalchik went 2-for-3 with a walk three RBI and three runs scored.
Highland Park broke the game open scoring six runs in the bottom of the third inning for a commanding 13-2 lead. Josh Rothberg walked and stole second. With one out, Jose reached on an infield hit. Mr.Rothberg came home on Liam’s groundout to short. O’Shea drove in Mr. Ruiz from second with a sharp single to center. Angel Holguin ran for Ryan. After Dylan walked, Mr. Kovalchik cracked a triple to drive in both runners. Sawyer walked. Evan Lanaris’s grounder to third was thrown away, allowing Sawyer and Mike to score.
Mr. McCarrick came back in the top of the fifth with four runs cutting the margin to 13-6. In the bottom of the fifth, Brent Szklaruk, replacing Sawyer at third, singled, advanced to second on a groundout to second and scored on a single to center by Mr. Murphy giving the Owls a 14-6. Two runs by the Eagles closed the scoring. Mr. Powell went 1-for-3 with two walks, two RBI and three runs scored.
“Dylan started out in JV. He has come on in the last two weeks, showing signs of life through practice and putting it all together,” said head coach Mark Blevins.
Mr. O’Shea went the distance, throwing 102 pitches on the afternoon, allowing eight runs, four earned on seven hits while fanning five and walking just one. “Ryan struggled with his command but our team made some nice plays in the field. He’s a tough kid,” said Mr. Blevins.
The coach told his team in their post game conference they did a good job offensively putting the ball in play and using the home field to their advantage.
On Friday, April 24, the Owls dropped a tough 9-6 decision to Dunellen. Highland Park grabbed a 3-1 lead in the second inning highlighted by a single from Mr. Rothberg and capped off by a sacrifice fly from Mr. Powell. After trailing 4-3, the Owls scored three times in the fourth to take a 6-4 lead. Mr. O’Shea and Mr. Conrad had run scoring hits. A five-run outburst by Dunellen in the sixth was the decisive blow. Mr. Ruiz went 1-for-3 with two runs scored and stole two bases. Mr. O’Shea went 3-for-3. Matt Sussman allowed four earned runs on seven hits while fanning one and walking three.
On Thursday, April 23, the Owls were blanked at home by South Amboy 6-0. Mr. Kovalchik went 3-for-3 and took the loss despite allowing just two earned runs and striking out six. Mr. O’Shea, Mr. Rothberg, Mr. Conrad, Mr. Powell and Mr. Lanaris collected hits for Highland Park.
SOFTBALL:
The Highland Park girls finished the past week with a 2-1 record. On Thursday, April 23, the Owls improved to 5-3 by clobbering Woodbridge Tech 18-7. Senior pitcher Zoe Shombert went 3-for-4 with four runs scored and two RBI to lead Highland Park. Zoe tossed a five-hitter fanning one and walking three. First baseman Sydney McManus-Smith went 2-for-3 with two RBI and three runs scored. Senior center fielder Nautica Dennis singled, scored three runs and drove in two. Senior short stop Carly Aversa went 1-for-4 with an RBI and three runs scored. Others contributing to the victory included Hallie Lerner with an RBI and a run scored, Ester Adiv and Mikaela Zorin each with two runs scored, catcher Simona Moyal with two RBI and Vimerlis Mendez who went 1-for-2 with an RBI.
The Owls dropped to 5-4 on Friday, April 24 when Dunellen came to town and crushed Highland Park 13-1. Ms. Smith, Ms. Aversa, Ms. Adiv singled for HP while Zoe drove in the only run. On Monday, April 27, the Owls record evened at .500 following a 7-2 loss to South River. Freshman Sasha Khordorkovsky singled in a run for Highland Park. Shantal Azcona and senior third baseman Nyajah Boykins collected the other hits. Ester Adiv walked and scored a run while Moyal scored the other run for Highland Park. Ms. Shombert took the loss despite five strikeouts.
TENNIS:
The Highland Park High School varsity tennis team competed in the Greater Middlesex Conference Tournament on April 25. The Owls finished in fifth place with 13 points. Senior sensation Maverick Lin dropped his first match of 2015 in the final to Joshua Marchalik of East Brunswick 6-3, 6-3.
GIRLS TRACK:
On Wednesday, April 22, the girls team rolled to a 78-43 victory over Carteret at home to improve to 4-0 on the season.
Gabby Sanchez captured the 100 with a time of 13.2 and the 200 in 28.2. Senior Rebecca Chant won the 800 in 2:35, captured the 1600 with a time of 5:50 and won the 3200 in 13:50. Anna Minakina rolled to victory in the 100 hurdles in 17.0 and the 400 hurdles in 1:13. Ms. Sanchez won the long jump with a leap of 14-11 ½. Bailey Nestor who has been a great surprise along with Ms. Sanchez and Ms. Minakina this season won the triple jump with a leap of 26-9. The quartet of Chong, Liz Girvan, Nestor and Yasmine Lekhal easily won the 4×400 relay. The boys team fell to Carteret 72-59.
In next week’s Princz’s Perspective look for amazing offensive statistics from your favorite players on the diamond in both baseball and softball. You can see the planet on facebook or go to HighlandParkPlanet.com. for more information. See you on the field, the track and the court.Interdiction and Confirmation
USS O'Brian (DD-975), is moving in close to the Star of South America. Only by a close look can USS O'Brian inspect the weld marks of the ship. Weld marks are as unique as a finger print in identifying a ship. USS O'Brian is looking to see if the name on the ship's transom matches its welds, or if it has been altered recently in an attempt to disguise the ship.
Topic
Document Type
- Art
Wars & Conflicts
- Persian Gulf War 1990-1991
- nhhc-wars-conflicts:persion-gulf=war
Navy Communities
File Formats
- Image (gif, jpg, tiff)
Location of Archival Materials
Recipient NameInquire about a package:
Not sure yet? Submit a general inquiry
A $50 non-refundable deposit is due to hold a date and time for a private event. Private events typically require an 8 person minimum with a maximum of 15, unless... more
Headcount:8-15 (Can request additional headcount)
Duration:2 hours (Can request additional time)
Locations:Offsite Location, pARTy Art StudioPreparing students to make meaningful contributions to society as engaged citizens and leaders in a complex world
Six Programmes in which to pursue your passions
Electrical & Electronic | Mechanical | Civil | Chemical | Architecture | Engineering Education
A culture of collaboration that drives innovative discoveries vital to our world, our health and our intellectual life
The Utility of Enhanced Mudlogging Methodologies for Improving Geosteering of Horizontal Wells.
Scott Wright and Tim Dean, petrological descriptions are not standardized between mud logging companies and training of technical personnel is often uneven. The utility of a new type of interactive checklist/instructional software designed to address these problems is investigated in the context of conventional mudlogging operations and in enhanced mudlogging including high resolution, calibrated micro-imaging and precise bulk density measurements. Since such enhanced petrologic data are available in near real time during the drilling process, they have critical value in informing operational drilling decisions based on geologic data. This is especially true in the context of geosteering, where in its conventional methodology, only a single geologic parameter, intrinsic gamma ray radioactivity, is utilized to establish stratigraphic position relative to the target interval. The utility of the additional petrological parameters of color, texture, mineralogy and density available from enhanced mudlogging to provide for a far less ambiguous correlation across faults in a conventionally geosteered horizontal shale gas well targeting the Marcellus formation is evaluated and compared to gamma ray only interpretation results.
AAPG Search and Discovery Article #90152©2012 AAPG Southwest Section Meeting, Fort Worth, Texas, 19-22 May 2012As the holidays draw nearer, residents in the communities of Oakdale, Riverbank, Escalon and beyond are decking the halls and, in many cases, their front yards and even the roofs over their heads.
In this week’s issue, in the Living Section, you will find stories of holiday lights in areas from the traditional Christmas Tree Lane in Ceres to the Dell’Osso Holidays on the Farm event in Lathrop. Next week, we are planning to list some special holiday displays a bit closer to home, but we need help from you, our readers.
If you know of a home in your neighborhood that seems to outshine the rest – or in the case of an Atlas Court home in Oakdale, offers a synchronized musical light show – let us know about it. We will compile a list for Oakdale-Riverbank-Escalon and hope to also include Knights Ferry and Valley Home locations. It can be a lawn display, unique lighting or even just a brightly decorated outside Christmas tree; something that represents the holiday season. Send information about the holiday displays you want to see included on the list to Editor Marg Jackson by emailing them to: mjackson@oakdaleleader.com.
Provide the street address and city of the display and any additional information you wish to give; deadline is Monday, Dec. 19 at 10 a.m.
Look for the listing in the Dec. 21 issue.The 2017 Horowhenua Taste Trail was about consolidating all of the unique aspects of the event and creating new opportunities. The hero event was still the Taste Trail itself, however other events included a ticketed cocktail party catered for by Ruth Pretty at Te Awahou Nieuwe Stroom, a breakfast at the Tendertips Asparagus Packhouse by the Little White Rabbit, and an Indian Vegetarian Cooking Class with Woodhaven Gardens produce.
A competition with four local cafes featuring Horowhenua produce on their menus, held in the lead up to the event was extremely well received. The Committee also ran a Horowhenua Christmas Produce Box initiative, so people could enjoy Horowhenua produce over the New Year.
“We feel that we took our event to the next level and in all, over 1660 people attended our events last year. In addition to that, we estimate over half a million people outside of the region were exposed to the media coverage of the event” says Antony.
“Our profile has risen and people are talking about all of the amazing produce Horowhenua has to offer!”
The event itself relies on the support of its volunteers, of which there are over 60 – from the Board of Trustees and volunteer committee, students from the local colleges cooking departments, and local community groups who provide volunteers on the gates, through to a partnership with Altrusa International of Levin who, for both events, have looked after the information stalls at each site.
In addition, with Rabobank as Principal Partner and support from Horowhenua District Council and Horizons Regional Council, amongst other partners, the event really took hold in it’s second year.
“We are so fortunate to have such a supportive wider community who have really come on board in great numbers,” says Antony.
“We’ve got so many ideas for how the event can grow, and the community are continually sharing with us ideas they have, which is fabulous.”
Antony and the team are looking at ways to build on the event for 2018.
“There is an opportunity to expand on the ‘taster’ events run alongside the Trail, offering people in-depth opportunities to experience behind the scenes with our producers,” he says.
“In saying that we have so many ideas, so watch this space!”
Antony believes the Horowhenua District has so much to offer, with incredible physical beauty, and cultural and social assets in the people who live there and the produce that is created.
“The Horowhenua Taste Trail has uncovered little initiatives happening down back roads and in unsuspecting factories in Levin,” he says.
“We get to show people these surprises and that is really exciting.”
“We’re fortunate to be in a district and a region that is in an exciting phase of growth, is looking forward to the future and is asking how food and innovation will be part of that future.”
If you want to find out more about the Horowhenua Taste Trail visit to keep up to date.Biggest Pokémon & Friends show to celebrate the festivities at Resorts World Genting
40ft Giant Pokémon Christmas Tree, Parades, Christmas Carols, a Santorini blue & white Christmas with Santa & Santarinas- you name it we have it, all here for you to have the best time of the year!
Genting Highlands, 30th November 2018 – The season of giving and joy is casting a spell on Resorts World Genting this year. Perched 6,000 feet above sea level and blessed with a cool climate all year round, there is no better place in Malaysia than Resorts World Genting to celebrate Christmas this year. Be transported to a far-off land and revel in the spirit of winter celebrations going into the New Year, as the resort transforms itself into a magical wonderland for the most wonderful time of the year.
This year, Resorts World Genting is taking a Mediterranean theme to its Christmas celebration with a Wintry Santorini above the Clouds from 28 November 2018 to 1 January 2019. Specifically, to the island of Santorini in the Aegean Sea, where houses with brilliant whitewashes walls, deep blue-domed roofs and graceful windmills hugging steep cliffs have become an iconic picture of Greece. That scene is now transported almost halfway across the globe and up a mountain to Resorts World Genting, where the serene Santorini vibe is mingled with twinkling Christmas trees, golden bells and festive garlands for a unique white coastal Christmas.
The lofty halls of the SkyAtrium in SkyAvenue Mall have been transformed into a Santorini-inspired village, decorated with sparkling lights and snow-covered trees. The smell of gingerbread and spices will fill the air, as guests explore this special Genting Christmas Santorini Village to indulge in Christmas treats and hunt for the perfect Christmas present for their family and loved ones, with special offers and merchandise from Resorts World Genting and its retail partners such as Crabtree & Evelyn, Pandora, Taste of Asia, Love18, Tomei and Lovely Lace.
Tis’ the season to be jolly with Pokémon & Friends
A daily Pokémon Parade featuring Santarina, elves and rosey-cheeked Pikachus, as well as an all-dancing, Pikachu Dance troupe, will entertain audiences four times a day from 1 December 2018 – 1 January 2019 making this Christmas a very, very special one for all guests of Resorts World Genting.
The Pokémon extravaganza doesn’t end there. Life-sized figures of Pokémon will be placed throughout SkyAvenue mall for guests to snap photos with, while Pokémon fans can challenge themselves in an exciting Pokémon Trainer programme. The Pokémon Pop-Store, featuring merchandise from the Pokémon Centre in Tokyo and other countries, will be the perfect place to pick up presents. And in the middle of the new Skytropolis Funland, the first-ever Pokémon Christmas tree in Malaysia will stand tall in glimmering glory, where the fantastical and friendly Pokémon become glittering decorations in the 40 ft high tree. This will be a sight unique only to Resorts World Genting this Christmas.
To see Santa Claus and his merry friends, catch them when they roam the resort from 1-25 December, meeting and greeting guests on a walkabout and be at Times Square stage daily to bring cheer and joy to all guests.
From 12-25 December, Christmas carollers will also be making appearances at Times Square and other landmarks across the resort, filling the space with timeless festive melodies that bring to life the magic of the season. In between Santa and carollers, the Times Square stage will be filled instead with lovable Pikachu as part of the Pokémon Festival @ Resorts World Genting. On the evening of 24 December 2018, the Pokémon will be joined by Santa Claus and all his friends, bringing the entire Resorts World Genting family together to count down to Christmas.
Even after Christmas Day, the magic will continue. Because after Christmas, comes the New Year. Every year, Resorts World Genting rings in the New Year with a bang, and this year will not be an exception. Taking place at the High Line and the Symphony Stage at SkyAvenue this year on 31 December 2018, guests will be able to count down to a brand-new year amid showers of confetti and the illumination of amazing fireworks.
Tis’ the season to feast
The festive season is, of course, not complete without a feast. And Resorts World Genting has prepared a mouth-watering array of treats and specialties to celebrate the spirit of the season. At the Santorini Village, a gingerbread house will be serving all sorts of seasonal treats from Christmas gingerbread figurines, Christmas lollipops, delicious chocolates, mouth-watering cookies and traditional confectionaries like Christmas stollen, Christmas yule logs and Christmas cakes. The gift of freshly-baked Christmas goodies will also be available at The Bakery on the ground floor of Genting Grand hotel, where Christmas confectionaries and cakes will also be available from 28 November 2018 to 1 January 2019.
To celebrate Christmas and ring in the New Year, Coffee Terrace on the ground floor of Genting Grand hotel will be serving up its annual festive buffet with roast turkey and all the trimmings, priced at RM55 nett per adult/RM28 nett per child for the Christmas Eve/Christmas Day/New Year Day lunch and RM92 nett per adult/RM46 nett per child for the Christmas Eve/Christmas Day/New Year Eve dinner. For a more glamourous setting, fine dining establishment The Olive will be featuring a spread of fresh oysters and foie gras tarts to precede a main course of either roast turkey leg or sous-vide Angus striploin. New Year revellers won’t be left out as well, with a menu of fresh seafood as an appetiser and a main course choice of butter-poached monkfish or roast lamb shoulder. The Christmas and New Year menus at The Olive are priced at RM350 nett per person..
Blessed with soaring views of the resort, Park Avenue Lounge at SkyAvenue mall will set the stage for a sophisticated celebration with a canape & wine, counting down to Christmas and New Year 2019 on 24 and 31 December 2018 while nibbling on smoked salmon crostini, Christstollen roast chicken and honey glazed duck. The lounge will also be serving special high tea sets (RM128 nett for 2-4 pax) on 24, 25 and 31 December, and 1 January, while a live band entertains guests and Santa Clause makes an appearance to meet and greet children.
This is the season for sweet treats, of course, and it won’t get any sweeter than with a festive high tea at Cafés Richard. Pecan tarts, butterscotch eclairs, strawberry mille-feuille and crème brûlée will be served alongside lobster on toast, escargot, foie gras tartlets and duck rillette in an appetising array that celebrate Christmas and New Year a la Paris. And specially for the season, Cafes Richard will also be brewing special Christmas drinks, including a Christmas tea and classic coffee drinks graced with creative Christmas latte art.
Elsewhere at the resort in Awana Genting, Flavors will be serving up a four-course Christmas Eve/Day dinner menu and a five-course New Year’s Eve menu, while Rajawali Coffee House brings back its beloved Christmas Day and New Year Day buffet spread, where classic festive flavours are mixed with local favourite dishes. For those that want to take the magic home, The Bakery at Genting Grand and Bubbles & Bites at Maxims Hotel is where guests can pick up whole-roasted turkeys with potatoes, vegetables, cranberry sauce and turkey jus for RM288 nett (average 4 kilos) on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day, with pre-orders opening 13 December to 23 December.
Tis’ the season to party
But the celebrations don’t stop after the meal. The holidays are a time to let loose and party hard. And Cloud 9, on the lower lobby floor of Genting Grand, is obliging with its White & Blue Christmas Party and White & Blue New Year Countdown Party on 24 and 31 December 2018. Revellers in search of even more music can head on up to High Line, where live band NRG and the house DJ will be spinning nightly from 21-31 December to 2am, inviting guests to dine, drink and dance the night away.
Empire by Zouk has opened up at Level G of SkyAvenue and is a club that stems from a hip-hop themed, dual club-lounge that is reminiscent of the upscale, private lounges in New York that covers 5000 square feet with tongue-in-cheek artwork and a massive 20 feet long LED screen.100. The Zouk Atrium is located at Level G, SkyAvenue.18k white gold ring, featuring one princess cut sapphire, four baguette cut sapphires and 14 round brilliant cut diamonds.
This piece retails for approximately $7,000 – $9,000AUD.
All our jewellery is custom designed to suit your preferences. Price will vary accordingly. If you would like something similar to this, please enquire below.CategoriesArchitecture, art, Bathrooms, Dining Rooms, Events, Furniture, Home Shows, Home Tour, luxury, Mid Century Modern, Modern Living, Uncategorized The Christopher Kennedy Compound: Modernism Week Show House 2015 Posted on Posted onBy Jeanne The Christopher Kennedy Compound 2015 Last weekend I took a quick overnight trip to Palm Springs to stop in on Modernism Week and see for myself what all the buzz was about at the Christopher Kennedy Compound Show House. This … Read MoreThe Christopher Kennedy Compound: Modernism Week Show House 2015Food & Drink
Latest Posts
Discover the Best Farm Fresh Produce with Mike’s Organic Delivery
Taste the farm from the comfort of your home.
Staying In: A Cobbler That Makes the Most of Summer Fruits
Courtesy of Mike's Organic.
What to Eat in NYC This August
Classic Fish & Chips, Michelin-starred takeout and more.
Staying In: A Fresh Blueberry Tart Recipe to Share with Friends
By Chef Zoe Kanan.
Local Gem: A Cozy Spot to Grab a Greek-Inspired Brunch
Kanela Breakfast Club offers up unique brunch foods in Chicago.
Staying In: Seriously Easy Recipes for Vegetable-Forward Side Dishes
Courtesy of Mike's Organic.
Local Gem: A Wine Bar with a List from All Over the World
Ardesia Wine Bar is a neighborhood favorite.
Talking Fresh Produce with Mike Geller of Mike’s Organic
And why we should care about eating fresh and local now more than ever before.HSBC Corporate Office
We have listed below HSBC corporate office details including the full address to mail the company and the best HSBC phone number. HSBC Headquarters Address is at 62-76 Park St, London , , United Kingdom, E14 5HQ. They are available on their usual working hours and can be contacted after business hours via email or live chat online.
What is HSBC Corporate Phone Number?
HSBC Corporate Phone Number is 800-975-4722
For direct communication with HSBC corporate office, call the number provided above and use the automatic voice operating system that will direct you the right person at HSBC corporate office including management, sales, finance, human resources, HSBC customer service, support, legal and all other departments.
What is HSBC Corporate Office Address?
HSBC
62-76 Park St
London
E14 5HQ
United Kingdom
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic HSBC corporate office is acting accoriding to the guidance of the authorities. HSBC corporate office hours may change – please make sure to follow the updates HSBC official website and the news for business activities including lockdowns.
The phone number provide in this page may not be a toll-free phone number and you may get charged while calling this number at the usual calling prices according to your operator. This HSBC corporate office number is available on normal working hours and may be closed during some official holidays.
We thrive to provide you with the most up-to-date contact information for HSBC HSBC including phone numbers, addresses, and more. We are constantly working to ensure we provide you the best HSBC details and information.
Corporate-Office-Contacts.com is a high-quality website that has no direct affiliation with HSBC or any federal or state department, agency, office, board, or commission.
Popular Corporate Office
Hughes Supply Corporate Office
Humana Corporate Office
Hungry Jack’s Corporate Office
Huntsman Corporate Office
Hyatt Corporate Office
IAC Corporate Office
Iberia Corporate Office
Icelandair Corporate Office
iHeartMedia Corporate Office
Ikon Office Solutions Corporate Office
Ideal Image Corporate Office
Need Assistance? Please Contact UsIndia ended Day 3 at The Oval at 270 for the loss of three wickets.
IMAGE: Rohit Sharma hits Moeen Ali for a six to bring up his first overseas Test century. Photograph: Julian Finney/Getty Images
Brilliant performance by Rohit Sharma, K L Rahul and Cheteshwar Pujara saw India build a lead of 171 runs with seven wickets in hand.
Can Virat Kohli score his first Test century since 2019 on Day 4?
Time to Vote!Details
This necklace features 34” of our hand-curated Denim Mix with silver wire, FK's exclusive crystal Swarovski Canal bezel and Monaco medallion. Absolutely beautiful layered with other designs or all by itself.
Strand Length: Long, 34”
Stone Size: 10 mm
Sterling Silver Plated
Stone Size: 10 mm
Sterling Silver Plated
Each piece of French Kande is handmade in their Los Angeles studio by Californian artisans.
Each piece comes in a velvet FK pouch with a care card and background story.Knoxville, TN Heating & AC Company
Knoxville, TN
While temperatures generally don’t tend to be extreme in Knoxville in winter or summer, you still need a well-functioning HVAC system for optimal comfort for your home or business. That’s why Melton Heating and Air Conditioning offers a complete lineup of Knoxville HVAC services.
Knoxville Air Conditioning
During the summer, it’s hard to keep your cool when your air conditioner breaks down. Whether your system needs repair or simply requires a good tune-up to get it started running more efficiently, Melton Heating and Air Conditioning is the local air conditioning contractor you can trust to help. Our experience in the Knoxville HVAC industry has helped us cement our reputation as the area’s premier heating and air conditioning contractor. We couldn’t have done it without the loyal customers who give us their vote of confidence by returning to us whenever they need service.
Knoxville HVAC Services to Handle All Your Heating & Cooling Needs
Knoxville has its share of chilly nights that create the need for a functioning HVAC system. During the winter, temperatures can drop to the low 30s. Keeping your unit in good condition is the job we signed up for, and we’re happy to help with whatever service you need. Contact us today to learn more about our heating and air conditioning services in Knoxville.
The Heating & Air Conditioning Contractor Knoxville Trusts
We’ve demonstrated our expertise to our customers in Knoxville, making them huge fans of our prompt response, precision work, and commitment to top-notch customer service. We believe in treating our customers like family. The next time your Knoxville HVAC system acts up, give Melton Heating and Air Conditioning a call.April 12, 2017
Download: ExParte_re_Pai_BDSMtg_04.12.17_jb.krs_.pdf
On April 10, 2017, Jonathan Spalter, Diane Holland and I met with Chairman Pai and his advisor Jay Schwarz to discuss business data services. The proposed Order, if put into place, will drive additional investment in building more fiber connections to more businesses, increasing competition, and expanding and strengthening the fiber networks that we all depend on.
We noted that the reduction in the FCC’s detailed price setting role proposed in the Order is important, but relatively constrained. In the seven years between 2000 when the first petitions for pricing flexibility were granted, and 2007, the Commission returned broad pricing flexibility to markets covering roughly one-third of the country.1 Ten years later, the current draft Order would extend that flexibility to cover an additional one-third of the country. This expansion is at a slower pace than over the 2000-2007 period, and simply reflects growth in competition and the fact that the Commission refused to act to keep its regulatory scheme up-to-date for almost ten years. And, the Commission appears to be retaining authority to ensure that prices for traditional BDS remain “just and reasonable” under the Communications Act.
We also discussed the potential benefits of broader relief. We urged the Commission to adopt the non-dominance approach set out in filings from CenturyLink and Frontier. The Commission has acted broadly in other areas to recognize competition on a national level,2 and should do so here.
Finally, we pointed out several areas where the Commission’s competitive market test (CMT) may be too conservative, and not reflect the amount and strength of competition in today’s market. Initially, the data from 2012 understates the current levels of competition, as cable companies and CLECs have continued to build and upgrade facilities and to take share in business data services. We noted that the CMT in the draft Order at paragraph 126 appears to be overly narrow because it applies the half-mile test from only locations served by CLECs rather than from competitive fiber facilities. This will understate competition because it is standard engineering practice to build splice points into intra-city fiber networks so that customers can be connected to fiber facilities.3 In addition, the Commission’s careful analysis at paragraph 135 of the draft Order of the tradeoffs between over and under regulation suggests that a competitive threshold for the CMT should be between 32% and 48%. The Commission proposes setting the threshold at the very highest end of this range, and rounding up from there. However, setting the threshold no higher than the mid-point of the range identified by the Commission — 40% — would better balance regulatory risks and better reflect competitive dynamics and the growth in competition and competitive facilities since 2012.
We concluded by emphasizing that the draft Order’s proposal to take a measured step to better reflecting the dynamic growth that has been occurring over the last decade to upgrade networks that serve business customers will incent all competitors wanting to serve businesses to invest in more fiber to serve more locations. More fiber infrastructure will produce benefits throughout the country in both business and residential markets.Various
Beginners to Advanced. Injury and specific to each Student
- 1 hr1 hour
- 525 South African randZAR 525
- Customer's Place
Service Description
Come experince a great time with stella one on one yoga. Taler made to you the individual.
Contact Details
+27 (0)76 813 2825
purepeaceyoga@gmail.com
1 Main Road Coffee Bay, South AfricaVisit Our Bathroom Showroom Near Blackburn
Covering over 28,000 sqm, there are more than 50 displays to explore in our bathroom and tile showroom near Blackburn. You can find us in Nelson, just a short trip down the M65, where you can get inspired for your own dream bathroom, by designs in both modern and traditional styles.
You can browse our huge range of bathroom accessories, including sinks, taps, mirrors and shower enclosures - any one of which can provide the perfect finishing touches for your own design. What’s more, over the years we’ve built a reputation as experienced tile suppliers near Blackburn, so if you’re looking for an extensive range of beautiful bathroom tiles, you’re in exactly the right place.
Bathroom showroom near Blackburn
Whatever your preferred style or budget, you’ll find plenty of designs and accessories to suit you. If you’ve got any specific questions or you could use a bit of assistance, our friendly experts are always on hand to help. With decades of experience behind us, we can provide some ad-hoc advice on the spot, or alternatively you can choose our personalised in-house bathroom design service, in which we can assist you from inspiration right through to installation. And of course, we always take care to tailor our suggestions to your own budget and individual requirements for your bathroom.Visit Our Showroom
Wet Room Showroom Blackburn
A wet room is an exceptionally stylish, sleek version of a walk-in shower. We’ve got plenty of examples in our tile showroom near Blackburn, perfect to be inspired by. They showcase some of the most recent innovations in manufacturing and design, created to provide new levels of convenience and style to enhance your bathroom experience. Aquadart and Merlin are just some of the prestigious suppliers we work with here at NPM Bathrooms, ensuring that we’re always able to give you a range of high quality products to choose from, whatever your personal preferences.Find Out More
Tile Showroom Blackburn
As experienced tile suppliers near Blackburn, we have a long history of supplying tiles for bathrooms in a wide range of styles, and we know that they’re far more than simply a waterproofing solution. Today, they open up a huge range of design possibilities, and they’re a great way to provide exactly the kind of mood you want for your bathroom. You can take your pick from a variety of styles, shapes, colours, finishes and patterns to create exactly the kind of atmosphere you want for your space - whether that’s a sleek contemporary wet room, or an oasis of bliss as your own personal spa resort.Find Out More
How To Find Us From Clitheroe
Our showroom is easily accessible from Blackburn just down the M65, with free parking available. Get directions from BlackburnChina is the world’s most populated country, providing travelers endless opportunities for an adventure of their choice. From ancient historical sites to modern cities, explore China’s diverse urban landscapes while staying in luxury THIRDHOME properties. Immerse yourself in Hong Kong’s entertainment zone and book a retreat in SoHo – a neighborhood packed with cool hangouts, hot nightclubs, hip art galleries, and shopping for everyone. Looking for a private view of The Great Wall of China free from hordes of tourists? Reserve a beautiful private villa in the mountains outside Beijing. For a unique urban oasis, plan a stay in Shanghai and discover China’s largest, most prosperous city. Metropolitan luxury awaits – it’s time to explore China like never before.
Explore THIRDHOME properties in China
Curious about joining our community and exchanging your property on our network? Click the link below to find out more.
Learn more about THIRDHOMESunday Coupon Preview ~ May 3, 2015
Posted on Thursday, April 30th, 2015 at 10!
P&G
$1/1 Always discreet liner or pad product
$1/1 Always discreet underwear product
$2/2 Always pads 12ct+, pantiliners 30ct+ or feminine wipes excludes discreet
$.25/1 Cascade actionpacs
$.50/1 Cascade rinse aid
$.25/1 Charmin/Bounty/Puffs products excluding single rolls
$.75/2 Charmin/Bounty/Puffs products excluding single rolls
$1.50/3 Charmin/Bounty/Puffs products excluding single rolls
$2/1 Clairol hair color box excludes age defy
$5/2 Clairol hair color boxes excludes age defy, balsam and texture & tones
$1/1 Covergirl product excludes accessories
$1/1 Crest rinse 237ml+ or pro-health for me or jr rinse 500ml
$1/1 Crest toothpaste 3oz+ or liquid gel excludes cavity, baking soda and tartar control
$3/1 Crest sensi-stop 6, 10 or 12ct or pro-health hd 2-step system
$1.50/1 Crest/Oral-B 3D white whitening duo or 1 sensi-care combo pack
$.50/1 Duracell coppertop, quantum, ultra photo lithium, specialty or rechargeable batteries, charge or 6pk+ hearing add batteries
$.50/1 Febreze product
$1.50/2 Febreze products
$1/1 Gillette deodorant or body wash
$2/1 Gillette clinical or twin pack
$2/1 Gillette fusion shave gel
$3/1 Gillette male razor
$1/1 Gillette/Venus gillette satin care or venus shave gel excludes 2.5oz
$1/2 Head & Shoulders full size products 380,l/12.8oz+ excludes all treatments
$1/1 Herbal Essences body wash
$3/2 Herbal Essences shampoos, conditioners or stylers
$1/2 Luvs bags or 1 box
$1/1 Meta health bar, fiber singles, capsules or wafers product excludes meta health bar 1ct
$1/1 MetaBiotic product excludes meta health bar 1ct
$1/1 Metamucil product excludes meta health bar 1ct
$.75/1 Mr. Clean liquid, spray or liquid muscle
$.75/1 Mr. Clean magic eraser excludes 1ct
$1/1 Olay body wash, bar soap 4ct+ or hand & body lotion
$1/1 Olay facial moisturizer or facial cleanser excludes pro-x, regenerist, total effects and age defying
$2/1 Olay total effects or age defying facial moisturizer
Olay Buy 1 pro-x or regenerist facial moisturizer, get 1 facial cleanser free up to $6
$1/2 Old Spice products
$2/1 Old Spice body spray
Old Spice Buy 2 products, get 1 bar soap free up to $4
$1/1 Oral-B glide floss 35m+ or glide floss picks 30ct+
$1/1 Oral-B pulsar, 3D white, pro-health, complete or sensi-soft or 2 indicator or cavity toothbrushes
$2/1 Oral-B adult battery toothbrush
$3/1 Oral-B replacement brush heads 2ct+
$5/1 Oral-B vitality electric toothbrush
$3/2 Pampers bags or 1 box diapers or pants
$2/1 Pantene styler or treatment product
$2/2 Pantene products must include shampoo and conditioner or styler
$5/3 Pantene products must include shampoo and conditioner or styler
$1/1 Pentene expert collection product
$6/2 Prilosec OTC 42ct products
$2/1 QlearQuil product
$5/1 QlearQuil 24 hour allergy 30 or 45ct product excludes nighttime allergy and sinus & congestion products
$5/2 Secret clinical antiperspirants/deodorants excludes .5oz
$.50/1 Swiffer refill, solution or dust & shine
$1.50/2 Swiffer refills, solutions or dust & shine
$1/1 Swiffer sweeper or duster starter kit
$3/1 Swiffer wetjet, sweep & trap or sweepervac starter kit
$2/2 Tampax pearl or radiant tampons 16ct+
$2/1 Tide detergent 40oz+ excludes simply clean & fresh and simply clean & sensitive
$.50/1 Tide/Downy/Bounce tide boost, tide to go, tide washing machine cleaner, downy or bounce excludes downy libre enjuague, downy unstopables and bounce bursts
$1/2
$2/3
$3/1 Venus razor excludes disposables
$3/1 Vidal Sassoon salonist hair color excludes pro series
$2/1 ZzzQuil product
$3/1 ZzzQuil sleep enhancer
Red Plum
$1/1 Act product ets
$2/1 Act advanced care ets
$3/1 Adams regular or plus flea & tick control product
$2/1 Advil allergy & congestion relief, congestion relief, cold & sinus or allergy sinus product
$1/1 Advil/Thermacare advil 40ct+, advil pm 20ct+, children’s advil 1oz+, junior strength advil 24ct+ or thermacare 2ct+
$1/1 all product ets
$.50/1 Altoids tin, smalls tin or artic tin .37-1.76oz dnd
$2/1 Aveeno daily moisturizing lotion sheer hydration
$1.50/1 Axe White Label dry spray antiperspirant ets
$1/1 Centrum/Catrate centrum multivitamin or caltrate product
$.50/2 ChapStick product
$1/1 Cortizone 10 item
$3/2 Cortizone 10 items 1.5oz+
$1.50/1 Degree for Men dry spray antiperspirant ets
$1/1 Degree for Women motionsense or ultraclear antiperspirant ets
$1.50/1 Dove advanced care antiperspirant/deodorant excludes trial and M+C
$1/1 Dove beauty bar 6pk+ excludes trial and M+C
$1/1 Dove body wash 22oz+ excludes trial, twin packs, M+C
$1/1 Dove whole fruit dipped in dark chocolate 6oz bag or promises silky smooth chocolate bag 7.94-9.5oz dnd
$2/1 Dove hair care product excludes trial and M+C
$1.50/1 Dove Men+Care dry spray antiperspirant ets
$4/1 Finish Touch yes! professional full body hair remover
$1/1 Finishing Touch elite personal hair remover
$.55/1 Fiora 12 roll bath tissue or 6+ roll paper towels
$.55/2 Fiora facial tissue
$1/1 Fungicure product
$1/2 Hefty slider bags 12ct+
Icy Hot $7 off both 1 smart relief therapy kit and 1 refill kit
$2/1 Icy Hot/Aspercreme icy hot micro patch or aspercreme with lidocaine excludes icy hot 1ct back patch
$1/1 Icy Hot/Aspercreme/Capzasin/Sportscreme/Arthritis Hot/Flexall product excluding icy hot 1ct
$2/1 Konsyl original formula 450g
$2/1 L’Oreal preference haircolor product preference mousse absolue
$3/1 L’Oreal preference glam lights haircolor product
$5/1 L’Oreal preference mousse absolue haircolor product
$1/3 Muller yogurts dnd
$2/1 Nexium 24HR product
$1/1 Noxzema skin care product ets
$2/1 Noxzema 5, 4 or 3 blade 3ct+ or 1 twin blade 12ct
$4/1 Osteo Bi-Flex joint health product
$1.50/1 Pond’s product ets
$1/1 Preparation H product
$.75/6 Purina Friskies wet cat food cans
$1/1 Purina Friskies dry cat food bag
Rolaids B1G1 free advanced tablets ets up to $5.50
Rolaids B1G1 free tablet bottle 72ct+ or liquid 12oz+ up to $5.50
$1.50/1 Sally Hansen nail color $3.19+
$1/1 Sally Hansen nail treatment
$2/1 Simple moisturizer or cleanser excludes wipes and trial
$.50/1 Snuggle product ets
$3/3 Unilever Ice Cream breyers gelato indulgences, klondike, magnum, popsicle, fruttare or good humor ice cream products excludes single-serve sizes, popsicle 6-8pks, breyers ice cream, breyers frozen dairy dessert and breyers novelties
Smart Source #1
$2/1 Aveeno sun care product ets
$3/1 Aveenosun care product ets
$3/2 Aveeno body wash or hair care products ets
$3/1 Bausch+Lomb product
$3/1 BIC flex 5, flex 4, flex 3, comfort 3 advance, hybrid 3 comfort or hybrid 4 flex razor ets
$3/1 BIC soleil disposable razor ets
$2/1 Brita on the go bottle
$4/1 Brita pitcher, filter excluding 1ct, faucet mount or faucet mount filter excluding 1ct
$1/2 Brookside chocolate bags 4.2oz+
$1/1 Brut classic fragrance, antiperspirant/deodorant excludes 2.25oz deodorant
$.75/1 Clorox oxi max radiant white or clorox 2 oxi max stain and odor remover
$1/2 Clorox liquid bleach products excluding 16oz
$1/1 Clorox 2 product excluding pen
$1/1 Dulco dulcolax or dulcoease 25ct+, dulcolax suppositories 4ct+ or dulcogas 18ct+
$1.50/1 Duraflame instant lighting charcoal
$2/1 Effercent 48ct+
$1/1 Efferdent 24ct+
$1/1 Ensure multipack
$1/1 Farmer John dinner sausage
$1/2 Farmer John hot dogs
$1/1 Glad food protection item
$1.25/1 Glade plugins scented oil twin refill or 2 single refills
$1.25/2 Glade jar candles
$1.25/2 Glade wax melts 6ct refills
$1/1 Glade product excludes solid air freshener and 8oz room spray
$2/1 Glade automatic spray refill or sense & spray twin refill
$3/1 Glade automatic spray starter kit
Glade Buy 1 plugins scented oil twin refill, get 1 plugins scented oil warmer free up to $1.50
Glade Buy 1 wax melts warmer, get 1 wax melts 6ct refill free up to $3.49
$2.50/1 got2b hairspray item
$2/1 got2b styling item
$1/1 Gray Away product for women or men
$.75/1 Ken’s 16oz+ dressing
$1/1 Ken’s caesar dressing 16oz+
$1/1 Listerine healthy white rinse 16floz+
$1/1 Listerine mouthwash 1L+
$.75/1 McCafe grocery store coffee product
$3/1 Multi-beitc diabetes multi-vitamin/mineral
$2/1 Nature Made adult gummies product excludes 30 count or less
$2/2 Nature Made products excludes 30ct or less
$2/2 Neutrogena body, cleansing, cosmetic, facial moisture & treatment acne, sun products
$.55/1 Nexcare bandages
$.55/1 Nexcare first aid tape
$4/1 PeroxiClear 12oz+
$8/1 PeroxiClear twin pack
$10/1 Philips Sonicare rechargeable toothbrush excludes powerup, essence and for kids
$5/1 Philips Sonicare brush head multi-pack, for kids or essence rechargeable toothbrush
$.50/1 POM antioxidant super tea dnd
$.50/1 POM juice dnd
$1/1 Purina pro plan cat snack
$1/4 Purina pro plan cat food cans
$2/1 Purina pro plan dog snack
$3/1 Purina 3.2lb+ dry cat food
$3/1 Purina 4lb+ pro plan dog food
Purina B2G1 free pro plan dog food cans or tubs up to $2.39
$1/2 Revlon colorsilk product
$2/1 Revlon color effects or frost & glow
$1/1 Sure 2.6, 2/7 and 6oz product
$1/2 Triscuit crackers 7.6oz+
$4/1 Zantac 24ct+ product
Smart Source #2
$3/1 Aleve product 40ct+ excludes d
$5/2 Aleve products 40ct+ excludes d
$2/1 Alive! multi-vitamin product
$1/1 Atkins bars, treats or shakes
$1/1 Atkins frozen entrees
$.50/1 Cholula 5oz
$10/1 Claritin 70ct
$3/1 Claritin children’s syrup 4oz+ or reditabs 10ct
$4/1 Claritin chewables 20ct+
$4/1 Claritin d 15ct+
$4/1 Claritin d 15ct+
$5/1 Claritin 30ct+
$1/1 Colgate 360 or slim soft manual toothbrush excludes plus, triple action, extra clean and classic
$1/1 Colgate mouthwash or mouth rinse 8oz+
$1/1 Colgate total, optic white, enamel health, max fresh or sensitive toothpaste 3oz+
$2/1 Colgate battery powered toothbrush
$1.50/1 Don Francisco’s 10 or 12oz family reserve coffee bag or 1 12ct family resrve single serve
$1/1 Don Francisco’s coffee can
$3/1 Dr. Scholl’s massaging gel, odor-x ultracool, pain relief orthotics and dreamwalk insoles $7.95+
$5/1 Dr. Scholl’s active series replacement insoles $7.95+
$5/1 Dr. Scholl’s dreamwalk express pedi
$3/1 Enzymatic Therapy probiotic pearls product
$.50/1 Hormel natural choice deli sandwich meat
$.55/2 Hormel chili products
$1/2 Hormel compleats microwave meals
$1/2 Hormel premium chicken breast products
$1/2 Hormel rev wraps
$2/1 Infusium 23 shampoo, conditioner or leave in treatment excludes 1.7oz
$.50/1 Irish Spring body wash excludes 2.5oz trial size
$1/1 Irish Spring signature for men body was/bar soap or irish spring gear body wash/bar soap excludes 2.5oz body wash trial size
$1/2 Lysol cleaning products
$1/1 Merci box
$.50/1 New York garlic bread
$1/1 Outshine frozen snacks multi-pack
$.50/1 Pert Plus product 13.5oz+
$2/1 Pert Plus product 25.4oz+
$2/1 Phazyme 180 or 250mg anti-gas softgels
$2/1 Phazyme 180mg anti-gas softgels
$2/1 Phazyme 250mg anti-gas softgels
$.55/3 Rosarita beans
$1.50/1 Soft Soap body wash 12oz+
$1/1 Softsoap 8oz+ liquid hand soap pump
$1/2 Spam 12oz products
Speed Stick B1G1 free antiperspirant/deodorant or body spray up to $4.29 excludes 1.8 and .5oz
$.55/1 Welch’s 8ct fruit ‘n yogurt snacks
$1/2 Welch’s fruit snacks or pb&j snacks 8ct+ excluding 80ct boxFinance Your Dreams
Apply online to finance the boat of your dreams today.
Like all Grady-White boats the new Freedom 375 is a boat capable of hard core fishing. Nevertheless, this Grady-White is a stellar social platform as well. Words like “big” and “huge” just don’t completely grasp the “voluminous” nature of this incredible boat. For instance, the cockpit is a, let’s just say, “mammoth” fish fighting arena and it comes with “copious” comfort features like a “commodious” fold away aft bench seating. There is a “sizable” optional L-shaped aft and starboard bench seat for those that lean more to the social side of boating. The side door is great for boarding from a floating dock or hauling the catch onboard. It is readily apparent that there are many fishing features on the Freedom 375 that will garner respect from true offshore sportfishing enthusiasts including abundant Rod storage, 208-quart aft insulated fish box and 6 gunwale mounted rod-holders.
It is also evident that this boat was designed to be a “stadium-sized” platform for cruising and entertaining with friends and family. The “enormous” bow seating area can comfortably seat a crowd or convert to side by side sun lounges. The cabin under the port side console is surprisingly “spacious” and has seating that converts electrically to a berth, there is an additional berth aft and the standard air conditioning below makes the cabin a comfortable retreat with a 19” LCD TV and entertainment center. The equally “spacious” starboard side console cabin houses the VacuFlush® head, shower, sink, even a microwave oven.
Whether you are targeting offshore denizens or out on a lark, the fully integrated hardtop windshield and side windows provide a pleasant place to escape the elements. Add the optional helm air conditioner and easily extend your boating season. The helm is well designed to accommodate backing down on pelagic behemoths as well as allowing the helmsperson to join in with the social set when the call arises.
Even with all the “big” words, you have to get on to really grasp substantial presence a new Freedom 375 affords and equipped with triple 300 Yamaha four strokes it is nimble, quiet and fuel efficient. The strapping Grady-White Freedom 375 is an extensive fishing boat with all the prodigious comforts of a sport yacht. Take a look for yourself and you will see that the all-new Grady-White Freedom 375 is the real big.PPP Loan Data — William T. Mackie,
Crossville, TN
William T. Mackie
Entity: Sole Proprietorship
Industry: Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors
Location: Crossville, TN
William T. Mackie is a sole proprietorship located in Crossville, Tennessee that received a Coronavirus-related PPP loan from the SBA of $6,979.00 in July, 2020.
The company has reported itself as a male owned business, and employed at least one person during the applicable loan loan period.
$
PPP Loan Information
Loan #9842208108
Loan Size:
Jobs Retained:1
Loan Approved:2020-07-29
Loan Status:Paid in Full or Forgiven
Lender:One Bank of Tennessee
William T. Mackie in Crossville, TN received a Paycheck Protection Loan of $6,979 through One Bank of Tennessee, which was approved in July,, William T. Mackie reported intending to use the proceeds of their PPP loan for the following expenses:
- Payroll: $6,979
Business Information - William T. Mackie in Crossville, TN
Crossville, TN
* Full address is redacted to protect the privacy of individuals. Crossville
In the Crossville area, 13 businesses in the "Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors" industry received a PPP loan. These local businesses reported an average of 3 employees (compared to this company's 1) and received an average PPP loan of $27,515 (compared to this company's $6,979).
Similar Nearby Businesses Who Received PPP Funding:
Datacomm Cabling LLC
Crossville, TN
Ruben Hilligoss
Jamestown, TN
Green Electric Inc
Jamestown, TN
Gary Molthen
Crossville, TN
Sid's Electric, LLC
Crossville, TN
Lynn Delk
Jamestown, TN
Kenneth D Hicks
Jamestown, TN
Tollie Cravens
Jamestown, TN
Wayne T Walker
Crossville,, 1000% higher than William T. Mackie's reported 1 employees, and received an average PPP loan of $142,494, 1942% higher than this company's loan of $6!J & E Hall Ltd manufactures Water Chillers for Petrochemical to meet the requirements of different cooling tasks in such industries. It caters to the needs of Petrochemical industries by providing high-quality refrigeration systems.
The Water Chillers for Petrochemical manufactured by this company are energy-efficient with high-performance output. It's suitable for industries of all sizes and types.
Short cooling time and high-efficiency make Water Chillers for Petrochemical truly valuable for the industry.
For more information on
Water Chillers for Petrochemical
talk to
J and E Hall Ltd
Tailor Made Bespoke Refrigeration Packages For Marine Industries J & E Hall can design, manufacture and install bespoke refrigeration packages in res...
We are a reputed company providing JCC Cellar Cooler For Brewery Industry in the UK.
The JCC cellar cooler range provides cost effective and reliable .../>
A donation of £2.00 per bike plus a donation of an easter egg will give you access to this long running event. Registration isn't necessary but arrival before 10.45am for an 11.00am start is crucial.
The cavalcade will be collecting further eggs and donations from members of the public lining the 14-mile route throughout Stoke on Trent.
All eggs donated will be passed on to the local authorities and other organisations for distribution to the children’s homes and other local children’s charities.
Spectators are invited to attend the fundraiser held after the run at The Kings Hall, Glebe Street, Stoke on Trent where there will be refreshments and a live band.
More information fromExclusively available online and with limited stock, our tea towels host the most iconic of Kate of Kensington designs.
Made from luxuriously thick cotton these tea towels come with a handy hanging hoop begging to be displayed proudly in your kitchen.
All tea towels are British made, machine washable and 100% Cotton.
Available in three other designs.
Hurry before they sell out!
Care Guide.
-Machine wash at 30°C
-Do not tumble dry
-Do not bleach
-Do not dry clean
-Warm iron 150°C she is not looking to leave them behind.
Her youngest son has decided not to go to school and has taken up his own studies in the US.
“I am not a great believer in the educational system.
I am a hardworking parent,” she told NDTV.
Her oldest son is working as a construction worker and is also a student.
Her husband is also working and has a job, while she is working at home.
She said that their sons have no internet connection and she needs to be able to work from home, where she is employed.
She started her career in 2005 and in 2008 she was the youngest ever woman to be selected as a member of the United Nations’ Working Group for Women, which aims to make the Indian workplace safer for women.
She has also been appointed to the board of the Women’s Centre for Education and Development (WCEDD) of the National Institute of Advanced Studies (NIS) in Hyderabad.
The mother said that it was not until 2014 that she realised that she could help her children.
“The day I realised I could help my son, I started studying.
I studied till the day I died,” she said.
In 2013, the mother gave birth to a boy.
Her son is studying and has become the first Indian woman to go on to become an Indian diplomat. membership provides your firm with a competitive advantage and new referral opportunities through collaboration with MSI member firms worldwide. We currently have exclusive membership opportunities available in a variety of jurisdictions.
To enquire about becoming an MSI member firm, please complete our membership enquiry form below. Should your jurisdiction not be listed above, please contact us.Enquire about membershipRefine Your Results
categoriesWhite Wine (3) Wine (3)
varietalRiesling (3)
countryGermany (3)
regionRheingau (3)
attributesScrewcap (1)
publicationsWine Spectator (1)
price range$25 to $50 (2) $10 to $25 (1)
Schloss Vollrads Riesling Spätlese
A Riesling from Rheingau, Germany.
Schloss Vollrads Riesling Kabinett 2018
A Riesling from Rheingau, Germany.
Enjoy as an aperitif, with cheese and dishes with fine spices.
- ws87
Schloss Vollrads Riesling QbA 2019
A Riesling from Rheingau, Germany.We Are Leadership Strategies LLC
Our primary client results in the government, non-profit, private and public sectors since 1992 have been Inefficiency Elimination, Distraction Mitigation, Broad Scale Human Capital Capability Growth and Financial Outcome Improvements.
At those same times we have ensured that the most detrimental forces arrayed against our clients have been eliminated peacefully and in most cases, rapidly.
Our methodologies are factual instead of theoretical and the majority of our clients in 34 countries observe that fact early during our work with them. Most of what we do rapidly improves financial and operating results as reflected in financial statements, customer and competitor views, and internal stakeholder/shareholder minds.
Since our founding we have measurably increased client enterprise speed, eliminated their workflow roadblocks, grown their market shares, dramatically improved their human capital ROI, reduced their operating expenses, built their revenue and margins, expanded their enterprises domestically and internationally, reduced their non-contributory overhead expenses, and mitigated their marginal and sometimes calcified human capital methodologies.
We would be pleased to speak with you when you find yourself needing to see around the corners and through the walls beyond which exist the human capital and operational quandaries facing many businesses around the world on increasingly frequent and potentially damaging bases.
For some examples of how we have recently improved client business outcomes around the world most often in short order, feel free to visit some of our Proven Solutions<<VINIT ENTERPRISES brokerage complaints report provide detail about the number of complaints received by the stock exchanges from the VINIT ENTERPRISES customers. The VINIT ENTERPRISES complaints report analyzes the VINIT ENTERPRISES online complaint data provided by BSE and NSE. This report shows the health of the broker.
These complaints are serious grievances against VINIT ENTERPRISES broker which the broker and customer failed to resolve. The customer then filed these legal complaints with the stock exchange.
The VINIT ENTERPRISES complaint no. report also provides VINIT ENTERPRISES)Layla Zami
Visiting Assistant Professor Humanities & Media Studies lzuckerm@pratt.edu 718.636.3790 p Brooklyn Campus, DeKalb Hall 3
Current Course Listing (5)
Introduction to French IWednesday 9:30AM–10:50AM / Brooklyn Campus / Online Distance Learning, ONLINE
21/FA-FREN-101-01
Introduction to French IIWednesday 9:30AM–10:50AM / Brooklyn Campus / Online Distance Learning, ONLINE
22/SP-FREN-102-01
Intermediate French IWednesday 11:00AM–12:20PM / Brooklyn Campus / Online Distance Learning, ONLINE
21/FA-FREN-201-01
Intermediate French IIWednesday 11:00AM–12:20PM / Brooklyn Campus / Online Distance Learning, ONLINE
22/SP-FREN-202-01
Studio Writing 2Monday 2:00PM–3:50PM / Brooklyn Campus / Online Distance Learning, ONLINE
21/FA-WAC-495B-02
Personal URL
Education
2017 - PhD, Humboldt University, Berlin, Germany
2009 - FilmArche Berlin
2006 - MA/Diploma, Sciences Po Paris
2001 - Saxophone, Conservatoire de Musique, Le Mans, France
Biography
Dr. Layla Zami is an interdisciplinary and innovative scholar, artist, curator, and consultant. Current activities at Pratt include interdisciplinary research, teaching, and thesis advising in the Departments of Humanities and Media Studies, History of Art and Design, and in the Graduate Program in Performance and Performance Studies. She currently serves on the Institute Curriculum Committee (2020-2022), and believes that higher education should be an inspiring, creative, and positive experience for all.
Zami's research moves at the intersection of performance studies, art history, cultural memory, languages, diaspora/migration, feminism, and spacetime. She publishes academic and creative writing in English, French, and German, and is proudly presenting her first monograph entitled Contemporary PerforMemory. With this research, Zami obtained her PhD at Humboldt University in Berlin, Germany (Center for Transdisciplinary Gender Studies), where she received the First Prize in the 2017 Teaching Quality Award. She was a Doctoral Fellow in the Jewish Talents Program (ELES/BMBF) and a Visiting Scholar at Columbia University. She also holds a Masters degree from Sciences Po Paris, France's top-ranking interdisciplinary international research university. Experiences with a social justice focus have included working at the French Parliament as a collaborator to Christiane Taubira, and co-chairing Black Lives Matter at Pratt.
As a Resident Artist with the dance company Oxana Chi & Ensemble Xinren , Zami creates and performs music (live-instruments and loop technology), spoken words and physical theater in dialogue with the choreography. Zami is grateful to have performed and presented internationally at conferences, festivals, and theaters in North America, Germany, France, Finland, Taiwan, India, Ghana, Martinique, Indonesia, Turkey, Serbia, and the UK. Residencies with the company have included Abrons Arts Center, Jamaica Center for Arts and Learning, and Maison Rouge : Maison des Arts. Together with Oxana Chi, she is Co-Curator of Dance at the International Human Rights Art Festival. The duo also co-curated the international symposium Festival Moving Memory at the Berlin Technical University and Moving Archives at the Center for the Humanities (CUNY Graduate Center).
Zami also worked as a cinematographer and co-director for the award-winning feature documentary film Dancing Through Gardens. She produced several independent and commissioned poetic documentaries and videopoems for clients including the Berlin Senate, the women's centre Schokofabrik, the German Antidiscrimination Board, and AfricAvenir International. Born in Paris in 1985, Zami also lived, studied and worked in Germany, South Africa, Cameroon, and Russia. She understands herself as a citizen of the world grounded in a strong and diverse multicultural heritage spanning four continents, and her open, diligent, and creative mindset shines through all of her academic and artistic endeavors.B this newspaper proprietary systems where people could publish information, like radio, television, newspaper. The Internet was the first time you had a fast, cheap, global, open protocol to do that. No company or country owned it. And that brought about all kinds of innovation.
The same thing is happening right now in finance. Bitcoin is the first time that we’ve had this open network, where no company or country really controls it.
Q What’s Coinbase’s role in the Bitcoin ecosystem?
A Coinbase launched with this idea of, OK, let’s make it easy for people to get some Bitcoin, to convert their local currency into and out of this thing. And we did that in the U.S. with the first bank integration. And we solved some problems like security, where people were having trouble storing it. We think of ourselves as an on-ramp or off-ramp into and out of the Bitcoin ecosystem.
Q In the early days, Bitcoin was dominated by speculators. How is that changing?
A If you go back a year or two ago, 95 percent of activity on Coinbase was speculative investment and 5 percent was payment network. Today, it’s probably 80 percent speculative investment and 20 percent payment network.
I think that trend will just continue over time, away from speculative investment to payment network. But it’s going to take 10 years.
Q What are the types of transactions being conducted using Bitcoin?
A It is cross-border stuff — remittance, payouts for contractors in other countries, things like that. We’ve signed up a lot of merchants who are accepting Bitcoin — Overstock.com, Expedia, Dell Computers. It’s still small as a percentage, but they’ve started. There’s people doing donations with it. United Way, Wikipedia, Khan Academy — these guys all accept Bitcoin through us.
Mobile games is another one that we’re seeing emerge. There’s people who are building games where the in-app currency is Bitcoin.
We’re seeing some novel types of businesses. One of them is called Premise. They’re essentially sourcing economic data from all over the world. If you want to know the price of wheat in Nairobi, how it’s changing, there’s somebody there with a smartphone, and they take a photo of some sign. They upload it, and they get a micro-payment for that.
Q Won’t Bitcoin’s volatility scare people away from putting their money in it?
A If you look at the last three years, Bitcoin’s volatility has decreased pretty substantially. It’s approaching some fiat currencies. My belief is that it will continue to decline over time.
As more and more people know about Bitcoin, they have it, they’re using it, any individual event that would change the price of Bitcoin affects the total less, because the pie keeps getting bigger. Basically Bitcoin is maturing.
Q Many payments experts are bullish on the future of the blockchain technology underlying Bitcoin, whatever their feelings may be on the currency itself. From your perspective, how separable are they?
A I don’t think they’re very separable. There are going to be some banks or whoever who use blockchain technology to solve things like inter-bank settlement. That could work, and it might be an improvement over what they currently do. But it’s not going to change the world.
I think you’re going to see vastly more innovation on the public Bitcoin blockchain. And Bitcoin is, of course, the blockchain that has roughly 95 percent of all investment dollars, developer interest. To me, it’s far more exciting than a private blockchain.
Q A recent article in the New York Times talked about how one of the key Bitcoin developers has declared the currency dead. What do you make of that?
A There’s a really funny website called Bitcoin Obituaries. Bitcoin has been pronounced dead 88 times now. That one was the 89th.
We know the developer pretty well. He’s really talented. He was one of the guys who’s been very vocal saying that Bitcoin needs to upgrade the block size so it can continue to scale. And I happen to agree with him on that.
The thing the developer’s not good at is patience. He’s a little pessimistic.
Contact Troy Wolverton at 408-840-4285. Follow him at Twitter.com/troywolv.
Brian Armstrong
Age: 33
Birthplace:
San Jose
Position:
Co-founder, CEO, Coinbase
Previous jobs: Software engineer at Airbnb; started and sold a tutoring company
Education: Master’s in Computer Science, B.A. in Economics, Rice University
Family: Single
Residence:
San Francisco
Five things about Brian Armstrong
1. Spent a year living in Argentina in 2009.
2. Currently training to get a private pilot’s license.
3. Got in trouble in elementary school for selling candy to fellow students.
4. Started learning programming at age 12.
5. Created his middle school’s first website.Car Locksmith Allred, TN: Vehicle Service Allred, TN
24 Hour Car Locksmiths in Allred, Tennessee (38542) offers you the most Reputable Cleaning Service at the cheapest price range
We, the Car Locksmiths in Allred, Tennessee are among the best and exceptional Car Locksmiths. We are deemed as the most reputed Car Locksmiths in Allred, TN that provides you the best car unlocking services. Customer satisfaction is most crucial for our company. With that being said, we’ve been on top amongst other Car Locksmiths in Allred, TN You’ll never regret employing our services where it will not bore a hole in your pocket.
The Excellent Range of Services of Car Locksmiths in Allred, Tennessee
The Car Locksmiths in Allred, TN give you several types of services which are very reasonable. And we’re proud to say that across Allred area, our key replacement services is indisputably number 1. Here are some of the amazing key replacement services you can get from us:
- Ignition Key Programming
- Lesser Key Replacement
- Transponders Key Replacement
- Car Key Replacement
- Key Cutting
- Lock Replacement
Less expensive Key Replacement Emergency Services
There are lots of individuals that are having a bad day all because of their car key or primarily key related problems, so here at Car Locksmiths in Allred, Tennessee (38542) have come up of a valuable solution to this matter. There may come a time when they have to replace your car key instantly. In link with that, Car Locksmiths in Allred, Tennessee can help you replace the ruined car keys and enjoy your new set of keys in which works in wonders as if nothing’s changed.
Zip: 38542
Area Code: 931
Locksmiths near Allred TN
Locksmiths in the 931 area code(same as that of Allred)
- Bell Buckle, TN
- Belvidere, TN
- Bon Aqua, TN
- Alpine, TN
- Campaign, TN
- Columbia, TN
- Crossville, TN
- Hilham, TN
- Pleasant Hill, TN
- Spencer,Based In Vancouver, BC Canada, mister Blake is a singer/songwriter who has released 27 songs on Jango, CBC Radio 3 and other stations, with a combined total of over 1.6 million plays worldwide, and garnering 600,000 “likes” along the way.
mister Blake's latest album "Coming Home" represents a shift in a". Check out all the songs on Jango Radio.
BIO.Claudia Queen Bed
Item # DK50000057
$789.99 Final Price
Package includes:
If purchased separately
Save. Customer assembly Required. Special Order. No Returns allowed.
- Height: 50.00"
- Width: 83.50"
- Length: 61.50"
- Double arch silhouette
- Curved finial atop each spindle
- Matte nickel finish
- Headboard is 50" tall, footboard is 29.5" > >
THE FAMILY EDUCATIONAL RIGHTS AND PRIVACY ACT
All parents and students will be notified of their rights through publication in the catalogue of the fact that students and parents of dependent students have the right to review a student’s educational records, to request amendment to a student’s educational records, to provide consent prior to disclosure of personally identifiable information and to file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Education regarding the failure of a college to comply with The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act. Students or parents are also advised that a hearing can be requested to challenge the contents of a student’s record, and the student will be given the opportunity to place a statement regarding contested information in the record stating the nature of the disagreement.
A parent or student must make a request in writing to review educational records and has the right to inspect and review the records within 45 days of the day the request is received.
Records will be made available in the Executive Director/President’s office on an appointment basis.
The right to request (in writing) an amendment of the student’s education records that the student believes are inaccurate or misleading.
No personally identifiable information will be released to a third party without the written consent of parent or student unless it is:
To other college officials who have educational interest in the information;
To officials of another college where the student seeks or intends to enroll;
To representatives of the Comptroller General of the United States, the Secretary of Education or State and local education authorities;
Relating to financial aid and is necessary to determine eligibility for aid, determine amount of aid, determine conditions for the aid, enforce the terms and conditions of the aid;
To State officials if required by State statute;
To organizations conducting studies for educational agencies or colleges to develop, validate, or administer tests, administer student aid programs or improve instruction. No personally identifiable information will be released except to representatives of the organization and the information provided to the organization will be destroyed when no longer needed for the study;
To accrediting agency to carry out accrediting functions;
To parents of a dependent student;
To comply with a judicial order or subpoena;
To meet a health or safety emergency;
To an alleged victim of a crime of violence regarding the results of disciplinary proceedings against an alleged perpetrator of the crime.
All disclosures of information will be recorded in the file and will include parties receiving information and the legitimate interests of the parties for inspection of the records.
Personally identifiable information which is designated as directory information includes student's name, address, telephone listing, date and place of birth, major field of study, participation in officially recognized activities, degrees and awards received and the most recent previous educational agency or college attended.-4605
Do you like cookies?
🍪 We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn more
I agree
For more information on graduation rates, student debt levels, and other disclosures, visit
~~~
Technical web Questions:
webmaster@onlinecomputersolutions.comCanadian Warplane Heritage Museum
Considering submitting an article for Flightlines?
Flightlines is Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum's in-house magazine, and is distributed (digitally) to all members free of charge. It is published six times per year, and strives to include articles, stories and news items representing all aspects of Canadian military aviation history from World War II to the Cold War, including profiles of Canadian aircraft and aviation figures, as well as news and events about Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum.
We welcome contributions both from CWHM members and people outside of the museum.
Typical story/article lengths can vary from 1000 words up to 4000 words.
Submissions should be submitted electronically, in Word Perfect (preferred) or Word. Text must be submitted in the English language (Canadian English) and double spaced.
The contributor is encouraged to submit publication quality images to accompany the story. CWHM reserves the right to supplement quality images for the story from the museum archives and files.
Graphics and photos are to be submitted electronically, and should be a minimum of 200 dpi in jpg format or tif format. Original graphics and photos can be submitted if digital copies are not available. We will return original photos and graphics after publication of the submission.
All contributions published with the author's name are the opinion of the author and does not necessarily reflect the opinions and policies of Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum.
Responsibility for accuracy rests solely with the author.
Accepted material will be reviewed by the Flightlines Editorial Board.
The editor will, if necessary, discuss possible revisions to the story with the contributor.
The Editorial Board will edit the submission to improve accuracy, readability and suitability for Flightlines readership.
The editor, together with the Editorial Board members will create the final publication quality text with grammar and punctuation changes as needed.
The contributor, if agreed, may be required to review the final draft before publication.
No remuneration is provided for any accepted submissions.
Please contact the Flightlines Editor at museum@warplane.com should you have any questions or article ideas.Nude Lucy
Harley Waffle Dress Coal
$70.00
Crafted from our signature waffle stretch cotton, the Harley Waffle Dress is a comfortable midi fitting closely to the body. Features include a subtle waffle texture, a scoop neckline with racer back and a centre back slit for ease and comfort. This dress is is fully self lined.
Materials: 97% BCI Cotton 3% Elastane Waffle JerseySTART YOUR JOURNEY WITH OTHERS
Each year, Steven invites 40 of New Zealand's top Student Athlete prospects to the Steven Adams High School Invitational. The invitational is a hands on working camp where students learn about the processes and opportunities available to them if they continue to follow the Student Athlete model.
The High School Invitational isfree and designed to cover:
- What you should consider when thinking about applying and selecting scholarships
- On court skills and drills with some of New Zealand's leading coaches and mentors
- Media Management
- Personal profiling
- Character building
- Inspirational talks
- Working as a team
- Personal growth and developmentThis protected download is provided to select authors, reviewers and readers.
On to the Download …
I have done all of the “techie”stuff for you.
If you are on a Mac it’s easy – Apple Books works well. On Windows, Kindle is a good reader but it is a bit fussy (in my experience, Amazon doesn’t make importing quite as easy as Apple). If you are unsure, always feel free to search for “best ebook readers for Windows”. Here is a sample article:
Click on the large rectangular blue DOWNLOAD button beside the desired e-Reader file type.
It will also ask you to Click to Confirm you are not a Robot.
Your files are in this column (underneath description on a mobile phone)…
Apple Books. This is the ePUB file that Apple Books likes (at least on my Mac). Just download it and open with Apple Books!
[wpdm_package id=’2537′]
Generic. This file type (ePUB2) is the older file type (most are ePUB3 today) but works on almost all readers. ePUB3 has more features. I consider Generic as “decent”. If you happen to not be techie, then Generic or Kindle ePub3 are reasonable start points.
[wpdm_package id=’2598′]
Google Play. For those playing with Google Products.
[wpdm_package id=’2613′]
Kindle MOBI file. This is the file type that Kindle devices normally work with. If you want to load this into Kindle, you will likely need this file type or be prepared for some techie conversions (e.g. – with a product like Calibre).
Amazon has a way to do this and it’s very simple (basically email this MOBI file to them, from your regular email you use with Amazon, and their computers will merrily place it into your Kindle account). You don’t even need to explain anything – just attach the file to an email.
3 steps:
1. Download file
2. Email to Amazon (see how-to link)
3. Read on your Kindle
See how to email to Amazon Kindle at:
[wpdm_package id=’2663′]
Kindle ePUB3 File. This is basically a standard ePUB3 file but if you need it here it is (I imagine you want the Kindle MOBI file … I suggest that first if you are on a Kindle). I have also noticed that other eBook readers seem fairly happy with this file type.
[wpdm_package id=’2669′]
Kobo. This is another ePUB file that the folks at Kobo use.
[wpdm_package id=’2670′]
Nook. Barnes & Noble uses this file. ePUB as well.
[wpdm_package id=’2671′].
A source said that Aleem Khan has written in his resignation that he cannot take over the ministry due to personal commitments.
According to the source in the ruling party, Abdul Aleem Khan had informed the prime minister about his resignation after PM Imran became angry with Aleem Khan for carrying on his personal friendship witj PTIs ousted leader Jahangir Khan Tareen.
According to source, senior minister Aleem Khan tendered his resignation in a meeting with the prime minister a few days ago. Aleem Khan was awaiting the prime minister’s response on accepting the resignation but after a cold shoulder by the PM, Aleem Imran finally submitted his resignation.
Aleem Khan took a stand in his resignation that he could not handle the ministry due to personal commitments, so the resignation should be accepted. Senior provincial minister Aleem Khan said that he had met the 0rime minister six months ago and asked for permission to resign in the meeting but the Prime Minister had told me to wait. He said that he informed the prime minister that he would not continue his responsibilities due to personal commitments.
The source said that It should be noted that Aleem Khan is among the ministers whose ministries are likely to be changed and he resigned after being informed that he would be replaced.
The source said that there is a possibility of change of ministries of five more ministers on the report of authoritative bodies in the Punjab cabinet.
“Authoritative bodies have compiled reports on the performance of ministers for the past three years. The report will be submitted to Prime Minister Imran Khan soon,” the source said.
“After the approval of the prime minister, the chief minister will reshuffle the Punjab cabinet,” the source said.
The source said that the portfolios of five ministers are likely to be withdrawn due to unsatisfactory performance over past three years.
“Among the ministers whose ministries are at risk are the ministers of the Tareen group,” the source said.
The sources added that Labour Minister Ansar Majeed Niazi, Noman Langarial and Ajmal Cheema could also be removed.
Minister for Transport Jahanzeb Khichi, Minister for Literacy and Non-Formal Basic Education Rashid Hafeez, Minister for Environment Bao Rizwan and Minister for Higher Education Raja Yasir Humayun are also likely to be replaced. The source said that new party lawmakers could be given the ministries in cabinet reshuffle.
Punjab reshuffle: Aleem Khan resigns; five more ministers to go home over ‘poor performance’
Nauman Langrial, others likely to be replaced
.I Love Hue, the colour-organising puzzler, is out now on iOS and Android
Feel satisfied
|
| I Love Hue
| I Love Hue
Happy days, one and all, the colourful puzzler I Love Hue is now out on iOS and Android.
After getting my hands on the game at last week's Pocket Gamer Connects London, I was impressed with its addictive gameplay, though I know that it wouldn't be for everyone.
I Love Hue is a puzzler about organising various colours in the correct hues. Where some colours are unmovable, others need to be rearranged in order to complete the level, and it's harder than you'd think it'd be. But the feeling once you slip that last hue into place is where most puzzle-lovers find their buzz.
As I've mentioned before, and as our resident review king Harry Slater mentioned in his review of the game, people with colour blindness won't be able to enjoy I Love Hue like other folks, but I guess that comes with the territory.
If you'd like to check out the game, find it free-to-play on the App Store and Google Play now.Earth Changes
Animal Extinction - the greatest threat to mankind
Julia Whitty
Mon, 30 Apr 2007 18:32 UTC
Hurricane Forecaster: Oceans Cause Global Warming, Not CO2
Associated Press
Mon, 30 Apr 2007 09:34 UTC.
Poisonous caterpillars crawl to warmer north
A series of mild winters has seen swarms of brown tail moth caterpillars move from their usual habitats along the south-east coast to as far north as Yorkshire.
The brown and red grub is covered in millions of tiny hairs that contain a toxin that can cause painful rashes, eye infections and, if inhaled, serious breathing difficulties.
As the caterpillars have moved inland, environmental health officials have been putting up warning signs in popular beauty spots.
Lightning starts fire at Oklahoma refinery
Associated Press
Sun, 29 Apr 2007 12:23 UTC
No injuries were reported and there were no immediate evacuation orders in the south-central Oklahoma town, said Mike Hancock, a spokesman for Wynnewood Refinery Co.
Flames and smoke boiled hundreds of feet into the air from two 80,000-gallon tanks in the Wynnewood Refinery complex, officials said.
Firefighters doused the area surrounding the tanks Saturday, Hancock said.
"Tank fires are pretty pesky fires. They're easy to keep contained, but they're hard to fight," Hancock said. "It's hard to estimate how long it will be. It can take a day or so to burn the product."Bible Commentaries
Verses 1-22
We have been noticing in studying this book how very frequently a number of Psalms are intimately linked together. Beginning with Psalms 25:0 and going on through Psalms 39:0 we have a little group of fifteen Psalms all of which deal with the same general subject, that is, the spiritual exercises of the people of God, particularly the coming remnant of Israel in the days of the great tribulation, but also the exercises that the people of God in general, pass through in this world while waiting for the coming again of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Of course we need to remember in studying the Psalms that we are not actually on Christian ground. The disciples of our blessed Lord were never definitely known as Christians until the present glorious dispensation of the grace of God came to us. Of old they were children of God but waiting for the full knowledge of redemption. They had real faith, and so they were born again; but they did not know what we know, an accomplished redemption and the veil rent so that believers may go right into the presence of God. By and by, after the Church of God has been taken out of this scene, there will be what Scripture calls “the tribulation,” when our Lord turns again to Israel to take out a remnant from among them, to open their eyes and to prepare them for the coming of the King, when He begins His glorious reign. During that time they will be in great measure in the same state of soul as believers were of old before the Cross, because, while they will have learned from the study of the Scriptures that Jesus, the Jesus whom their fathers rejected, was really Messiah, it will not be until He actually appears that they will enter into the full knowledge of redemption. And so we do not find that their worship rises to the full height of Christian worship. There is always with them a certain measure of uncertainty of things. They do not have the clear, definite knowledge of justification from all things that is given to the Church of God today. They are groping largely, and yet their hearts are yearning after God.
When we come to consider these fifteen Psalms we find that they all have to do with the exercises of God’s people; and yet they fall into three groups. The first five of them, Psalms 25:0 to 29, deal largely with the basis or the ground of the souls’ confidence as they look up to God because they are conscious of His abiding love and of the integrity of their own hearts. That is, they know that they are seeking to do the will of God. Then in the second section, Psalms 30:0 to 34, we seem to move on a step and find these Psalms occupied with the hearts’ appropriation of God’s salvation. They seem to have risen largely above themselves and the question of their own personal integrity to realize that salvation rests entirely upon the matchless grace of God. And then in the third section, Psalms 35:0 to 39, they are occupied largely with the question of personal holiness. They are brought consciously into the presence of God, and as they realize His infinite holiness there is on their part a yearning desire to be more and more like Him. So we can see that believers who used the book of Psalms in the old days before the veil was rent and believers who will use the book in the coming day of the great tribulation have not the same light that we have today. Yet the moral order is the same. When we first come to Christ, if we come to Him sincerely and seek honestly to walk with Him, the moment the soul becomes conscious of failure, of sin, there is a cloud on the sense of assurance. As we go on and learn to turn from self altogether and to be occupied with Christ and His finished work, and as we progress in the Christian life we are occupied not so much with the question of the putting away of our sin and our final salvation, but, as a sense of His infinite holiness becomes more real to us, we find our hearts crying out for holiness of heart and cleanness of life.
Look then at Psalms 25:0. Here we find a sense of God’s righteousness and grace leading the heart out to Him. This is divided in a rather striking way. First, in verses 1 to 7 we have a prayer; in verses 8 to 10 we have the soul’s recognition of God’s goodness, and again in verse 11 there is a prayer. Then in verses 12 to 15 we get the soul’s testimony, and verses 16 to 22 close the Psalm with another prayer. Look at the first prayer, “Unto thee, O Lord, do I lift up my soul. O my God, I trust in Thee: let me not be ashamed, let not mine enemies triumph over me. Yea, let none that wait on Thee be ashamed: let them be ashamed which transgress without cause.” Somebody has very well said that David might have written this Psalm when he was fleeing from Absalom, when perfectly conscious of his own integrity of heart, though he could not forget the sins of years ago, and he was able to trust Him in spite of his difficult circumstances. You remember how beauti- fully that came out in his case when Shimei, the Benjamite, threw stones at David and cried, “Thou bloody man, and thou man of Belial” (2 Samuel 16:7), and Abishai, one of David’s friends, said, “Why should this dead dog curse my lord the king? let me go over, I pray thee, and take off his head” (2 Samuel 16:9). But David:10-11). The Lord can turn the curse into a blessing, David realized deep in his heart that the suffering was to a certain extent the result of that sin of so long ago in the case of Bathsheba. God was still visiting that sin upon him governmentally, but David could just accept it as from God, for he was conscious that he had judged his sin and was seeking to walk faithfully with the Lord, and so he could look up to God and plead, in that sense, his own integrity. If we think of David as in those circumstances when he wrote these words it may help us to understand them better. We cannot say positively that they were written at that time, but they would fit that occasion in a wonderful way.
“Shew me Thy ways, O Lord; teach me Thy paths. Lead me in Thy truth, and teach me: for Thou art the God of my salvation; on Thee do I wait all the day.” How proper it is that such a prayer should be on our lips and in our hearts! We who have been redeemed to God, can we not take our place with David and pray the same words? Is not this what we want above everything else? But mark this, God will never answer this prayer unless we give much time to the reverent study of His Word. He is not going to teach us His paths; He is not going to make known His truth by some wonderful revelation to us. He has given us all that we need for guidance and direction here in the Book, and He commands us to “Search the Scriptures.” Our Lord Jesus prayed, “Sanctify them through Thy truth, Thy word is truth.” Is it not a lamentable fact that we let our Bibles lie unopened upon the desk or the shelf or table day by day and hardly ever look into them unless it be when we come to a service? We do so little real waiting on God over His Word and yet we cry, “Show me Thy ways, O Lord; teach me Thy paths.” He will never teach us His ways, He will never show us His paths if we neglect our Bibles. It is as we study the Word that He makes known His truth.
Then the Psalmist looks over the past, and three times he uses the word, “remember.” “Remember, O Lord, Thy tender mercies and Thy lovingkindnesses; for they have been ever of old.” As much as to say, “Lord, I am in deep distress, but remember how Thou didst take me up in my great need, Thou didst not save me because of any goodness Thou sawest in me; Thou didst take me up in grace. Remember all Thy past dealings; now deal with me still in mercy.” Then he thinks of failures, of sins committed long ago which he has confessed and judged but which often came to his mind in after years, and he says, “Remember not the sins of my youth, nor my transgressions: according to Thy mercy remember Thou me for Thy goodness’ sake, O Lord.”
About twenty years ago I was called to see an aged saint of about ninety years of age whom we had known as a very godly man. I went into the room where he lay upon his bed and started to speak to him of the goodness of the Lord through all the years, but he stopped me and said, “I wonder whether you can help me; everything seems so dark.”
“Dark?” I said, “you have known the Lord for nearly seventy years, and you have been such a help and blessing to others.”
“Yes, but in my illness, since I have been lying here so weak my memory keeps bringing up the sins of my youth, and I cannot get them out of my mind. They keep crowding in upon me, and I cannot help thinking of them; they make me so miserable and wretched.”
I turned to this passage, “Remember not the sins of my youth, nor my transgressions: according to Thy mercy remember me for Thy goodness’ sake, O Lord,” and I pointed out to him that all those sins were long since put away. I said, “You came to God seventy years ago; you confessed the sins of your youth, did you not?”
“I am afraid,” he said, “that I forgot some of them.”
I said, “It is not a question of being able to remember every individual sin. You acknowledged that your life had been a life of sin, and do you not remember what happened then?” His mind was very weak, and I said, “Don’t you remember that when you confessed your sins, God said, ‘Their sins and iniquities will I remember no more’? If God has forgotten them, why should you think about them?”
He looked at me and smiled and said, “I am an old fool remembering what God has forgotten.” So he rested on the word of the Lord and was at peace.
In verses 8 and 9 David gives his testimony, .” And he just rests upon the covenant of God. God has given His Word, and we can depend on it. We can count on it. But notice how he puts the emphasis on the right state of the soul if one would enjoy the favor of God, “The meek will He guide in judgment.” Do you know why so many of us miss our way”? It is because we are not meek enough to be guided. “Judgment” here means discernment. Do you know why so many of us blunder? It is because we are so self-sufficient. Meekness is not natural to the human heart. It is a grace communicated to those who walk in fellowship with God. “Take My yoke upon you, and learn of Me; for I am meek and lowly in heart” (Matthew 11:29). In one of the Minor Prophets we read, “Seek righteousness [discernment], seek meekness” (Zephaniah 2:3). If you want the mind of God, if you want to understand His will, there must be an end to self-sufficiency. God hates pride; He hates self-sufficiency. There must be a sense of brokenness and lowliness in order that we may hear His voice.
David offers a wonderful prayer in the next verse. “For Thy name’s sake, O Lord, pardon mine iniquity; for it is great.” You might have expected him to have put it in the opposite way and to have said, “O Lord, pardon mine iniquity; for it is not very great. I was really entrapped into this.” A lot of people do that; they make excuses for their iniquity and hope in that way to escape the punishment due to sin, but when a man takes his place honestly before God and says, “I have no excuses to make; my iniquity is great,” he finds a great Saviour. People come to me and ask me to pray with them about some failure, and then they begin to explain that they did not really mean to do it and that their purpose was all right. That is not facing things honestly with God. Some one tells of a woman who went to Charles Wesley and said, “I want you to pray for me. I am really a great sinner.”
He stopped her and said, “Let us pray,” and he began to pray, “O Lord, we pray for this poor sister. She is a great sinner.”
She got so indignant and caught him by the arm and said, “Stop! who has been telling you about me?”
“I was just saying what you yourself told me.”
People like to excuse themselves, but the great Saviour delights to reveal Himself to great sinners. “O Lord, pardon mine iniquity; for it is very great.” Do not try to excuse it; do not try to minimize it. Let it appear at its worst, and He is there at once to deal with you in grace.
In verses 12 to 15 you get the soul’s expression of trust and confidence, “What man is he that feareth the Lord [the one who stands in awe before God, who approaches Him reverently]? him shall He teach in the way that He shall choose. His soul shall dwell at ease; and his seed shall inherit the earth.”
And now verse 14 contains a very wonderful truth, “The secret of the Lord is with them that fear Him; and He will shew them His covenant.” The secret of the Lord is the cov- enant of grace, and He says that covenant of grace is with them that fear Him. He makes known His secret to those who stand in awe in His presence. “Mine eyes are ever toward the Lord; for He shall pluck my feet out of the net.”
He closes the Psalm with another prayer, beginning with verse 16, “Turn Thee unto me, and have mercy upon me; for I am desolate and afflicted. The troubles of my heart are enlarged: O bring Thou me out of my distresses. Look upon mine affliction and my pain; and forgive all my sins.” Just think of him fleeing from Absalom, all the pain and grief that is rending his heart, his own son having proven so unworthy. Is there anything that a father feels more than that? He pours out everything to God and does not attempt to justify himself and so pleads with God, “Forgive all my sins.” And then he puts God between the enemy and himself, “Consider mine enemies; for they are many; and they hate me with cruel hatred. O keep my soul, and deliver me: let me not be ashamed; for I put my trust in Thee.” It is the expression of absolute confidence in God. “Let integrity and uprightness preserve me; for I wait on Thee.” I have no one else to whom I can turn, and so I wait on Thee.
“Redeem Israel, O God, out of all his troubles.” You can see how beautifully these words will fit the lips of the remnant in the days of the great tribulation as they are waiting on God for deliverance from the power of the antichrist.
These files are public domain.
Text Courtesy of BibleSupport.com. Used by Permission.
Ironside, H. A. "Commentary on Psalms 25". Ironside's Notes on Selected Books.
the Week of Christ the King / Proper 29 / Ordinary 34tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-271956639951949804.post8950462176720082242..comments2021-11-26T18:23:42.442-05:00Comments on Fiber Flux: Free Crochet Pattern...Sunshine In My PocketJennifer comment has been removed by a blog administrator.jessicasteve have really enjoyed making these up. It's s...I have really enjoyed making these up.<br /><br />It's so fast to make :) . I have already started surprising people.stephanie 11 is just so cute! Thanks for the pattern!That is just so cute! Thanks for the pattern!AnonymousAre you looking for professional tree services and a tree care company that can trim your trees, grind your stumps, and keep your landscape looking fantastic? If so, you'll probably want to invest in the services of an expert tree care company. Tree care companies, and the professionals that work in them, can ensure that your trees are well taken care of, no matter how many you have, the size of your trees, or the time of year. When it comes to caring for your trees, you'll want the best of the best so that your trees can look as great as possible and be as healthy as ever, for as long as you have them! Don't let your trees ruin your home's exterior or your landscape; take care of your trees, and they'll provide you with years of beauty and comfort!
Tree Experts of Cleveland provides the area's premier tree services and solutions that are delivered right to your doorstep for maximum convenience. Our team of licensed tree specialists has years of experience in the tree health and management industry, providing you with unbeatable results when it comes to all of your tree needs. We offer everything from tree removal and stump grinding to tree trimming, and can even offer a helping hand during storms and tree emergencies, especially when they're least expected. If you're in the market for high-quality tree services, then be sure to give us a call, and we guarantee you won't be disappointed!
My first thought when I arrived at Ridge Farm to photograph Katie and Matt’s wedding was: I want to get married again so I can have our wedding here. It is such a beautiful, unique and romantic venue. A little pony greeted me at the car park. And I was totally charmed by the lay-out and flowers in the gardens and the rustic buildings.
Katie and Matt had a humanist wedding under two oak trees and a canopy of flowers. Before the ceremony there was a warming of the rings. The wedding rings were passed around the guests to be blessed with love and well wishes. The humanist wedding ceremony was performed by the wonderful Susan Rae. It was very personal and touching. Katie and Matt had a hand fasting ceremony and we sang “Here comes the sun” – my favourite Beatles song.
After the ceremony, afternoon tea was served in the beautiful gardens of Ridge Farm. Katie and Matt are such a lovely couple. They are very kind and love meaningful and deep conversations It was really important to them to spend time with each of their guests. They didn’t rush through the day but rather took their time to enjoy it and live it in full.
Katie and Matt have only been together for a year. A mutual friend set up a blind date. She thought they were perfect for each other and even had a feeling that they would get married one day. Well, she was right! They are obviously made for each other. The love and respect they have for one another is clear to see even when you spend only a few minutes with them. Katie and Matt, I wish you all the best for the future. I’m sure you will spend<<EAST LIVERPOOL - The condition of streets that have been excavated to reach water line breaks was discussed during Tuesday's meeting of city council's street committee.
Cadmus Street resident Robert Richmond addressed the committee, complaining the water department leaves the streets "dug up," filling excavations with gravel, then failing to return to complete the repairs.
According to Richmond, water is seeping underneath the pavement and is going to ruin the streets, including the recently paved St. Clair Avenue.
Saying he applauds utilities Director Bob Disch for wanting to save money, Richmond said, nonetheless, "This has to stop."
Committee member Ray Perorazio offered to speak with water Superintendent Tim Clark about the problem.
At the recent Board of Public Utilities meeting, Clark addressed this issue, asking the board to consider whether or not it might be feasible to hire an outside contractor to repair these types of excavations. He was advised by the board to obtain some estimates for the work.
Richmond also asked the committee what streets will be paved this summer using a 5-mill street levy passed by voters, saying it is time to be thinking about that.
Service-Safety Director Ryan Estell said that, while he had asked some time ago for council members to provide lists of what streets they would like to see paved in their areas, he has received lists from only three council members: Sherrie Curtis, Scott Barrett and Chuck Wade.
He emphasized, "Council is going to choose (which streets are paved)."
Perorazio said he thinks choosing streets at this time of year is "a little premature," saying he plans on driving around his ward once the snow melts to determine what needs done, saying, "I want to give everyone a fair shake."
Committee Chairman Scott Barrett presented a petition signed by 67 residents of Gardendale Street, asking that their street be re-paved since it is the only access they have to their homes.
The petition will cause that street to "pop up higher on the priority list," Barrett said.
Estell said there has been a fear in the Gardendale neighborhood that, since he lives there, street paving will not take place because it might appear the city is showing favoritism to him. The petition was to indicate that all residents, not just one person, want paving work to be done, he said.
In legislative matters, the committee agreed to forward for council's review an ordinance authorizing the city to approve a bridge inspection program with the Ohio Department of Transportation, which will assume 100 percent of the cost.
At the council meeting which followed, members voted unanimously to adopt the ordinance.
210 East Fourth St. , East Liverpool, OH 43920 | 330-385-4545
© 2015. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy PolicySorry, no results were found.
You might also be interested in our online and residential CPD offer.
Near my location
- (-) Remove Face to face courses filter Face to face courses (1386)
Filter by subject
- (-) Remove Engineering filter Engineering (0)
Filter by age range
- (-) Remove 7-11 filter 7-11 (0)
Filter by region
- (-) Remove London and Buckinghamshire filter London and Buckinghamshire (0)
- North West (6) Apply North West filter
- East of England (4) Apply East of England filter
- Any Region (3) Apply Any Region filter
- South West (2) Apply South West filter
- National (1) Apply National filter
- South East (1) Apply South East filterAn approachable and evocative work, based on the landscape around Queenstown in NZ. This piece was written for a birthday celebration.
Whakatipua for string quartet was commissioned by the artist Morgan Jones as a surprise present for his wife, Pat Jones, who was turning 60. The piece was first played at their wonderful home near Queenstown, on the occasion of Pat's birthday. It was written for a quartet then resident at the University of Otago Music Department, consisting of Donald Maurice, Rebecca Maurice, Rupa Maitra and Euan Murdoch.
The piece is in a single movement. Slower sections at the beginning and end surround a main quick section. The piece evokes the mountain landscape around Queenstown, and also Morgan and Pat's place, which is called 'Whakatipua'. There are elements of folk music in the piece which is characterised by open-sounding sonorities, and it pays a quiet tribute to the music of Lilburn as well. It was written to be not overly taxing to perform, technically.
Whakatipua has been performed fairly frequently and was also re-arranged in a version for string orchestra, for The Auckland Chamber Orchestra.Tiger wrestlers enjoy team, individual success in ‘12-’13.
“We had a great season,” said coach Troy Ostby. “We ended the season right where we should have been.”
The Tigers reached all but one of their goals this season, and that was making it to the final four in the Section 3AA team tournament. The Tigers won their first match to advance to the quarterfinals, but Lac qui Parle Valley/Dawson-Boyd ended the Tigers’ team season.
The Tigers lose four wrestlers to graduation. They are seniors Connor Metzger, Joel Harrison, Evan Nelson, and Seth Nelson.
“These are four kids that have come up through our program,” said Ostby. “They have shown leadership and won big matches for us.”
Evan Nelson finished the season 29-15, taking fourth at the section tourney. Nelson wrapped up his career 79-60 overall.
“You could always count on him down low to keep us in the dual,” said Ostby. “I expected him to win.”
Seth Nelson finished 8-19, taking fifth at sections. He had a career record of 41-71.
“Seth came on in the end of the season. He won a couple of matches that helped us win duals,” said Ostby. “Because of his win, we won a couple duals.”
Metzger was a state entrant, taking second in sections, and finished the season 34-8. Metzger placed fifth at the state tournament. Metzger finished his career 85-51.
“Connor’s hard work and dedication made him a good leader,” said Ostby. “He was expected to win. No matter if he was wrestling a No. 1 ranked wrestler or not.”
Harrison wrapped up his senior season 28-7, just missing a state trip by dropping a true-second match to take third in the section. He wrapped up his career in orange and black with a 70-53 record.
“He was the hardest worker on the team by far,” said Ostby. “Connor will admit that because of Joel, he went to state.
“We’re going to miss these boys,” added Ostby. “They were like big brothers to the young kids.”
Several young kids are coming up to help fill the spots left open by the seniors, including 17 wrestlers with at least some varsity experience.
Junior Dillan Johnson, the other Tiger state entrant, took first place in Section 3AA and finished the season 29-13.
“Dillan had his best wrestling at the end of the year,” said Ostby. “His technique improved and he was finding ways to win the close matches.”
Myles Smith finished the season 17-15 and took fourth at sections.
“If he stays healthy, Myles will be in contention to go to state,” said Ostby. “He’s got all the tools.”
Travis Ostby finished his freshman year 25-18, placing third at sections after losing a true-second match.
“He’ll be a key in our middle weights,” said Ostby. “He can wrestle up a weight or two to help us match up well in duals.”
Alec Gausman finished his sophomore year 9-24.
“He’s going to be our big guy next year,” explained Ostby. “He’ll need to step up and be the anchor for us.”
The highlight of the season for coach Ostby was finishing 12th of 35 teams at the Big Bear Tournament in December. The Tigers had five place winners at the invite. Ostby describes the invite as a “mini state tournament.”
At the Belgrade-Brooten-Elrosa tournament, the Tigers placed fifth and had another five place winners. The Tigers took fourth at the Grant County Tournament, earning 10 individual place winners. At the Big Ole Tournament in Alexandria, the Tigers finished sixth and had seven wrestlers place. The Tigers were fourth at the West Central Conference Tournament, where eight Tigers placed. Travis Ostby, Evan Nelson, Connor Metzger, and Joel Harrison earned all-conference status at the meet. Dillan Johnson received an honorable mention.
The regular season wrapped up with the Tigers’ home invite at which 11 wrestlers from the home team placed.
“That was pretty impressive,” said Ostby. “It was awesome. With the talent we have we were right where we should have been. We peaked at the right time.”
Ostby is looking forward to next season and is excited about the Tigers’ opportunities. Two teams, Adrian and Montevideo, will no longer be part of Section 3AA. Joining the Tigers’ section will be New Ulm. Adrian was the section champion this season and also took seven individuals to the state tournament.
“That makes our chances even better in 2014,” explained Ostby. “That’s seven more spots for our kids to get to state.”
Making it to the state tournament will require wrestlers to get in a lot of wrestling in the off-season and attend a couple of camps. Mick Rose is running a freestyle Greco league for K-12 wrestlers this summer.
The Tigers experienced success in the classroom, as well as on the mat, earning the Silver Award for Academics with a GPA of 3.43.
“The kids understand what it takes,” added Ostby. “Our goal is to win championships. We won’t be satisfied until we do.”Evangel
Related Authors: C. S. Lewis Kurt Cobain Joel Osteen Steven Wright Francis of Assisi Isaac Newton Martin LutherMike Richards out as executive producer of 'Jeopardy!' and 'Wheel of Fortune'..We.
- Design mobile app that directly connects your audience.
- Beautiful and modern design that makes difference.
- Boost your sales with strategically designed marketing materials.
Android App Development – Android application development is taking the market by storm. Rapid growth of android market has outdid almost all other smart phone platforms.
IOS Development – Our experienced iOS Development team has the prospective to plan and develop unbeaten applications on iPhone as well as iPad.
Windows App Development – We have a very luminous and collective process of Windows app development for our clients. We develop a diverse range of custom Windows applications as per your business’ prerequisites and specifications.“I commend this book to anyone who makes decisions and especially to those in leadership, risk management and governance roles in organisations. I hope you enjoy and get as much out of this book as I have” – Andrew Haines, OBE, CEO, Civil Aviation Authority
A 150 second introduction to Risky Business (English Version)
Click below to play
A 150 second introduction to Risky Business (German Version)
Click below to play
Download our 1-page infographic introducing the eight characters in the Hidden R-I-S-K™ Framework
Download Now (English)
To download your free copy of our 1-page infographic – simply enter your details below and press submit
We may send a follow-up email (in line with our privacy policy) to see if you found this information helpful.
Download Now (German)
To download your free copy of our 1-page infographic – simply enter your details below and press submit
We may send a follow-up email (in line with our privacy policy) to see if you found this information helpful.
Risky Business launches at the London Stock Exchange?
“..Eminently readable and richly illustrated with examples galore, this book will help decision makers develop a deeper understanding of how people see and experience change, take action to mitigate the hidden risk of decisions and increase their own effectiveness as leaders” – Dr. Linda Holbeche, Visitng Professor, Cass Business School and Author
Interested in more?
Conference Keynote Speaker
Bring an interesting, thought-provoking, practical, lively and interactive keynote address to your conference.
Get in touch to find out more
Team and Development Workshops
Immerse teams in an experiential and interactive workshop that will enable them to understand the work of unconscious biases and identify practical actions to mitigate their effects in their work and decision making processes.
De-bias strategic decisions
Research points clearly to a need to de-bias strategic decisions. Raising a company’s game from the bottom to the top quartile on the decision-making process improved its ROI by 6.9 percentage points. The Hidden R-I-S-K™ framework gives leaders a tool to do just that. Contact us to discuss how we can help you improve your decision-making process.
Get in touch for more information
Impactful Diversity and Inclusion
Efforts to improve Diversity and Inclusion (D&I) in organisations fail when discussion of bias is framed in terms of individual moral failure. As unconscious biases are prevalent in all of us, we see the challenge in terms of suboptimal decision making. Our focus is to help people see the work of the unconscious and discuss it in a generative way, so that action is taken to improve. The Hidden R-I-S-K™ framework provides a language people can use to discuss unconscious biases in this positive, no blame way. If you would like to improve the impact of your D&I actions get in touch.Housing starts in August stood at 283,971 units, down from 286,076 units in July 2021, says the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC). In August, both single-detached and multi-family seasonally adjusted annual rate (SAAR) starts were lower in Canada's urban areas, resulting in a decline in overall SAAR starts for the month, says Bob Dugan, chief economist at CMHC. “However, on a trend and monthly SAAR basis, the level of starts activity remains elevated by historical standards. Among Montreal, QC; Toronto, ON; and Vancouver, BC; Toronto was the only market to register growth in total SAAR starts in August, due to modest growth in the multi-family segment." From July to August, the standalone monthly SAAR of housing starts for all areas in Canada decreased 3.9 per cent, SAAR of urban starts decreased by 4.7 per cent, multiple urban starts decreased by 5.7 per cent, and single-detached urban starts decreased by two per cent.TweetIsla Vista (California) forecast issued: local time
| Updates in: hr min s| (Update imminent)
Issued: local time
| Updates in: hr min s| (Update imminent)
Isla Vista Weather Forecast. Providing a local hourly Isla Vista weather forecast of rain, sun, wind, humidity and temperature.
The Long-range 12 day forecast also includes detail for Isla Vista weather today. Live weather reports from Isla Vista weather stations and weather warnings that include risk of thunder, high UV index and forecast gales. See the links below the 12-day Isla Vista weather forecast table for other cities and towns nearby along with weather conditions for local outdoor activities.
Isla Vista is 14 m above sea level and located at 34.41° N 119.86° W. Isla Vista has a population of 23096. Local time in Isla Vista is PST.
Isla Vista Weather Photos
See weather photos from California, United States.
Upload your own Isla Vista weather image:UploadPlease note this article has an element of fiction to it in that I neither speak for ISIS nor am in any sort of communication with them. In fact as far as I know they do not name a Man of the Year award. (It certainly wouldn’t be Person of the Year).
Men of the Year decisions have to be made well in advance of announcement and publication. I am writing this article on the morning of Pearl Harbor Day, some 20 days in advance of publication. I will probably neglect to mention some of President Trump’s “achievements” that further the cause of ISIS and very possibly some will occur between my writing and your reading of this article. That said, Trump has done more than enough to merit this recognition.
During his campaign and first year in office Trump has repeatedly engaged in anti-Muslim rhetoric. Part of what ISIS uses to recruit is that they indoctrinate impressionable people with the message that non-Muslims, particularly Americans, hate them simply because of who they are and how they choose to worship. They use Trump as a prime example of that prejudice. His tweets and rants provide fodder for ISIS to reinforce their points.
Trump wasn’t in office a month when he made his first attempt to install a Muslim Ban. That and his next effort failed in the courts, but the third one is currently in effect pending further court action. ISIS’ message is clear. America hates you, here is the proof; and if they hate you, you must in turn hate them. Extending that, they want to kill you so you are faced with a kill or be killed situation.
ISIS spread the message that furthermore if death is inevitable perhaps I should take some of them with me. This is in large part why we have suicide attackers. They feel their death at the hands of those who hate them is inevitable and at least they “accomplish” something if they take enemies with them on their way to death. Trump’s actions not only are a great recruiting tool; they help recruit the most difficult to combat terrorists: lone wolves resigned to dying in the process of committing terrorist acts. Law enforcement has a much better chance of preventing an organized group from successfully committing a terrorist act than they do of stopping a lone wolf.
In one of his attempts to keep his base Trump actually retweeted an ISIS recruiting video. He isn’t the only fool; he got it from a British extreme right wing radical. Why would a reasonable American President even be following the tweets of such a person? (I think I answered my own question by using the word “reasonable” – Donald Trump is not!) Xenophobia isn’t rational so I guess an appeal to it can’t be either.
But Trump’s greatest gift to ISIS recruiters occurred on December 6th when he recognized Jerusalem as Israel’s capital and ordered the American State Department to begin work on moving our embassy to there. No country in the world that recognizes Israel has their embassy in Jerusalem. There is a reason for that. Jerusalem contains many of the most holy sites of three religions: Christianity, Judaism and Islam. The Christians appear to be happy with free access for tourism – no big problem there. That is in large part because few Christians live in the region. The denizens of Jerusalem are mostly Jews and Muslims. They both desire control of the city and certainly free access to their holy sites. This is a complicated and contentious issue! In the minds of many Muslims (remember the terrorist recruiting prospects are the easily influenced ones) that is America giving the Israelis what they wanted at the expense of the Palestinians. If you were an ISIS recruiter you just got a giant early Christmas present from the President of the United States!
This award is fictitious but the danger Trump put Americans in worldwide is not. Many future terrorist attacks around the world will have their roots in Trump’s 2017 actions..Fresh Fare
+ Artisanal Drinks
Savor locally sourced ingredients with a creative South Florida twist at one of two waterfront restaurants overlooking the intercoastal waterway.
999 E Camino Real,
Boca Raton, FL 33432
Come experience the ultimate South Florida retreat at Waterstone Resort & Marina, a luxurious Four-Diamond boutique hotel in Boca Raton. Situated between the sparkling Intracoastal and Atlantic Ocean, Waterstone is within walking distance to the South Inlet Beach and nearby to exclusive shopping and Boca’s top area attractions. Plus, each guest room offers a private balcony with water view – providing guests with spectacular scenery in an elegant, easy-going atmosphere. We think it’s fine time for you to drink, dine, swim, snorkel, and sail away with us.
Awarded the Coveted AAA
Four-Diamond Award 2015-2019.
BECOME A MEMBER
points towards future travel.
Setting the bar high for Boca Raton hotels, Waterstone Resort & Marina boasts 139 modern guest rooms and spacious suites with private balconies overlooking the Atlantic Ocean and the Intracoastal Waterway.
ADA accessible room options available.
Famous for its shining sun and sparkling seas, Boca Raton is a family-friendly beach and boat lovers paradise. Endless fun in the South Florida sun. We provide a local shuttle service within a three-mile radius, including the beach!
Begin each day of your trip with breakfast for four, take advantage of premium Wi-Fi to share photos with friends back home, and enjoy 5% off your entire stay.Learn More
Sip sparkling wine upon arrival, indulge in breakfast in bed for two, and take advantage of complimentary late check-out to linger a little longer with your love.Learn More
Savor locally sourced ingredients with a creative South Florida twist at one of two waterfront restaurants overlooking the intercoastal waterway.Music from Paula Curtis, Andrew Shearer and a bit of chat about: a story that started in the RISC building (where The Global Cafe is situated) when it was still The London Street Bookshop; "following your bliss"; "coincidences" and more.
Plus if you want to eat you can take advantage of Tutu's Ethiopian Buffet (all you can eat for £10.95 - booking is recommended: 0786 355 1097).
Free entry.
Here are some of Paula's performances from previous years to help whet your appetite.Here, you don’t need to enter your reference ID and you will just be asked to enter OTP and then you will get your vaccine certificate. Until now, users were only able to download the certificate via Aarogya Setu app. The MyGov Corona Helpdesk chatbot on WhatsApp now lets you download the certificate.
This bot was introduced back in March 2020 to help answer COVID-19 related questions and prevent misinformation around the coronavirus pandemic. Once you get the first or second dose of the COVID-19 vaccine, then you will get the vaccine certificate.
In case you are unaware, if you are planning to travel anywhere in India or outside the country, then you will be required to show your final vaccination certificate. If you have the final vaccination certificate, then you won’t be required to do the COVID-19 test in some cases.
How to get COVID-19 Vaccination Certificate on WhatsApp
Step 1: Open WhatsApp and drop a “Hi” message on this +91 9013151515 number. If you don’t already have this number, then you can save it as “Corona Helpdesk bot.”
Step 2: After you drop a message, the bot will display a list of topics related to COVID-19. In the list, you will see “Download Certificate” written in the second line. So, just type “2” and send.
Step 3: The bot will again display three options, so you just need to type and send “3.” The third option says that you want to download the vaccine certificate.
Step 4: An OTP will then be sent to your number, which you will be required to send on the chat.
Note: If your WhatsApp number is different from the one you registered on CoWin to get vaccinated, then you will not get OTP. So then you will have to download the certificate from the Arogya Setup app.
Step 5: Once you enter the OTP, the bot will display the names of individuals that are registered on the CoWIN website with the number…Read more>>
Source:-techiyogizThey've gone from being happy squashed in this little bed with Mum, to trying to get out whenever possible.
Much to Dulcie's dismay I removed them from the bed (which was in a HUGE box) and put them in the box itself. The kittens loved it. Arthur was rather bemused by it all.
I do relent and put the bed back in for the evening as I would hate to think that the kittens are cold! But the fun they have learning to walk and then trying to chase each other is such entertainment.
Although sometimes it is just a little too much .................
I am off to the vet this evening as the tabby has an infection on her tummy. I have bathed it for a few days and although the swelling has gone down, it hasn't gone completely and there is still a small amount of pus. (Hope you're not eating your supper when you're reading this)!
I am hoping that it is something simple and inexpensive. I found out after Dulcie had given birth to the kittens that she was infested with fleas - that she kindly passed on to Arthur too. They have both been de-flead and I don't think the kittens have caught them. But there's a possibility that it was a flea bite that got infected. So Dulcie and the four kittens have to be put into a pet carrier and taken to the vets.
Fingers crossed it's something that's easily cleared up.
4 comments:
I believe it is a navel infection. Unfortunately, it's somewhat common with kittens of that age. It usually happens when the cord begins to loosen and drop off. The kittens can't walk properly yet, and when they crawl their little tummies rub off on whatever they are lying on, and that can cause an infection. Fortunately, it can be treated very well.
As for the fleas, if the kittens have caught them, don't use spray on them. Most sprays contain a tiny amount of alcohol which is okay for adult cats but can cause severe allergic reactions with kittens. And don't use spot ons before their 13th or better 14th week of life. Spot ons are absorbed through the skin and then go straight into the blood, and can cause brain damage to kittens under 12 weeks of age. You can treat kittens successfully with very small amounts of power.
Good luck for the cat family.
Ella
What a delicious family! I loved it when our kittens were at that stage. We had one who was very adventurous, always trying to climb out of the box. We had two litters and we kept 4 of them. That was 20 years ago, and we still have two of them who sit on the radiator and keep warm.
Rosie
Aww, look at that spotty tummy!
Wonderful kittens, lovely blog!
Glad they have all found a home as or I would be asking where you live (and can I take one home)! However I don't think Boris or Maisie would be too impressed as they are now 7 years old & VERY set in their ways!
Lizzie xxOn September 28, the University of Health Sciences Antigua opened the doors of The Free Clinic of English Harbour, which will serve hundreds of local residents who do not have access to health insurance or medical care. UHSA medical students will run the free clinic with supervision from faculty members.
The Free Clinic of English Harbour provides an atmosphere of educational opportunities where patients, students and health professionals learn from one another and work together. The clinic is open to residents of the entire island.
In addition to providing health care, The Free Clinic also provides patient education with a focus on prevention and patient empowerment. It is hoped that students will understand the necessity for service and at the same time sharpen their leadership skills, enabling them to make a positive difference in their communities.My 1st Day In Rio
Revision as of 01:37, May 23, 2013 by Nattielouiseray (Talk | contribs)
Okay its my first day and im already sooo tired. Last night, after we arrived we went for a midnight swim a few hours later we went hiking. And then were going to a waterfall. Im gonna be so tiredCustomer Appreciation Event 2020
This past weekend we held our Annual Customer Apprecaition event at the Facial Aeshtietcs Team's Headquarters. this was our first annual customer appreciation event. We are so grateful for our clients' loyal support and love giving back to you all! We Look forward to this years annual customer appreciation event to be celebrated in our brand new building space! Here are some videos and behind the scene photos of the big day. Don't miss the next one! Become a member today!Argentine Elections: Industrial Strike
Everstream Team
and Trade Challenges Up Ahead
Executive Summary
Argentina’s Peronists swept back into power on October 27, 2019, as Alberto Fernandez and his running mate, former president Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, defeated incumbent president Mauricio Macri.
The Peronist victory marks a shift away from austerity measures implemented by Macri which failed to reduce unemployment and stabilize inflation rates. Over the past four years, Argentina has experienced significant economic challenges that the Macri administration sought to address in part by taking on a USD 56.3 billion (EUR 51.05 billion) loan from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in 2018 and implementing strict austerity measures.
Economic distress paired with the IMF deal and accompanying austerity measures sparked several protests and demonstrations, particularly in the cargo transportation sector. 20 cargo transportation strikes, 50 port strikes, and 63 aviation worker strikes have been recorded since Macri’s election in 2015 and have had a considerable impact on the country’s flow of goods and supply chains.
Fernandez’s running mate, former president Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner’s administration was characterized by isolationist policies, leading many to question the country’s trade outlook. The duo are now responsible for negotiating the terms of the IMF bailout, maintaining the Mercosur-EU trade deal, and mending the fractured relationship between Argentina and its main trading partner, Brazil.
This report outlines the impact previous strikes have had on supply chains as well as Argentina’s trade policy outlook under the new Peronist administration.
Introduction
The 2019 Presidential Election was largely viewed as a referendum on the presidency of incumbent Mauricio Macri. The contenders included President Macri running for 4 more years on a ticket with Justicialist Senator and former Frente para la Vitoria (FpV or Kirchnerist) member Miguel Angel Pichetto, and the opposition Justicialist-FpV ticket of Alberto Fernandez and Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner. The outcome of the election will have notable implications for the country, especially in areas pertaining to production and logistics, for the next four years.
An obligatory primary election was conducted on August 11 to confirm party ticket candidates ahead of the first round of the general election on October 27. The primary result saw the Macri-Pichetto ticket gain 33% of votes, and the Fernandez-Fernandez ticket gain 47%. With 97.13% of votes in as of October 30, the Fernandez-Fernandez ticket emerged victorious on October 27 with 48.1% of the vote, exceeding the 45% threshold required to avoid a second round, compared with the Macri-Pichetto ticket’s 40.4%.
Since 2015, Argentina has had to continually contend with challenges to its economic outlook, a combination of the end of the commodities boom as well as servicing decades-old debt. Part of Macri’s agenda has included a series of changes to public benefits policy as well as policy impacting organized labor. As an expression of discontent with these policies, Macri has faced a series of demonstrations by employees in the cargo transportation sector since February 6, 2018.
While organized for different reasons, the past 4 years have also seen a considerable amount of industrial action in Argentina’s aviation sector, primarily oriented around Ezeiza International Airport (EZE) since 2017. The country has also seen a notable share of port strikes since November 2017, at the Port of Buenos Aires as well as commodity ports along the Parana River. The Parana River ports are notable means of shipping bulk commodities, and the Port of Buenos Aires serves as the country’s gateway to overseas markets beyond Latin America. This report will explore how future labor unrest at these transportation hubs can impact the free flow of goods and supplies that businesses, both in and outside of Argentina, rely on.
The Argentine national export profile includes manufactured industrial products, such as electronics, heavy equipment, and automobiles, as well as raw agricultural commodities such as soy, wheat, corn, and beef. While the end of the commodity boom has proven deleterious for both industries, the manufacturing sector has suffered greater losses. Honda, Volkswagen, Peugeot, and Ford are cutting hours and laying off workers, reflective of broader regional trends, as manufacturers in neighboring Brazil implement similar measures as part of restructuring.
An important consideration of analysis throughout this report, as well as for anticipating impacts to come after the election, is the role of President Macri’s fiscal policy as a contributor to industrial action. General strikes are often organized by one of two trade union centers in Argentina: the CTA or the CGT. These unions are more likely to organize a general strike, often lasting 24-48 hours, in response to a government fiscal action than individual sectoral unions, such as pilots, metallurgists, or cargo transporters. However, with their organizational capacity, a disruption of 24-48 hours of duration can bring logistics and manufacturing operations throughout the country to a halt.
In complicate matters, the newly elected government is now responsible for negotiating the terms of the IMF bailout, maintaining the Mercosur-EU trade deal, and mending the fractured relationship between Argentina and its main trading partner, Brazil. This report explores how these events may impact supply chain operations in Argentina in the coming years.
Labor Unrest
When Macri took office in 2015, a balance-of-payments crisis was imminent, foreign-exchange reserves were diminishing, and inflation levels were at record levels. He lifted capital controls, which limited trade in foreign currency, and cut subsidies to the utility and transportation industries to tackle Argentina’s increasing fiscal deficit. In 2018, Macri sought a USD 56.3 billion (EUR 51.05 billion) bailout from the International Monetary Fund, the biggest in the Fund’s history. The bailout placed strict obligations on Argentina’s economic and monetary policies, which Macri tried to fulfill by implementing austerity programs. Many point to the austerity measures as the main reason for civil unrest throughout the country and for Macri’s defeat during the recent election.
A total of 411 strike actions with a discernible impact on supply chains have been recorded since the election of Mauricio Macri in 2015. 50% of these are directly related to primary and secondary sector industry or modes of transportation.
Transportation strikes
Looking back on the last administration’s tenure, there were 63 aviation worker strikes, most of which were centered on Ministro Pistarini Ezeiza International Airport and Aeroparque Jorge Newbery. Unions organizing such strikes were predominantly the UPSA, ATCPEA, APTA, ALPA unions and the United Aeronautics Union. Due to the nature of the Argentine civil aviation industry, mostly Aerolineas Argentinas and Austral flights were affected, albeit with some impact on regional destinations such as Argentina’s neighbors Brazil, Paraguay, Bolivia, and Chile, as well as neighboring airlines such as Avianca and LATAM.
Of the 50 port strikes initiated during this time, SOMU, FeMPINRA and SUPA were usually the specialist unions involved, along with CTA and CGT. These incidents typically occur along the River Plate and Parana River for barge shipping. Any impact on the Port of Rosario would be the more notable as it is responsible for 80% of Argentina’s grain exports, 90% of which is exported by barge. Barge shipping, however, accounts for only 1% of container shipping in the country.
In the same period, there were 20 cargo transportation strikes and threats to strike. While some of these strikes were organized by specialist cargo transportation unions such as ACNOA, Fadeeac, Sichoca, or the Union of Cargo Transporters, as well as truckers affiliated with specific industries such as agricultural or industrial commodity shipping, a considerable quantity were organized by the CTA and CGT. More often than not, these strikes are organized in single localities or provinces, whereas CTA and CGT ones are organized more regionally and nationally.
Industrial action & organized labor
Metallurgist strikes, whether organized independently or within the context of larger labor movements, have the potential to disruption production activities. The largest component union of the CGT is the Union Obrera Metalurgica (UOM), and either a general strike called by the CGT or an independently-organized UOM strike would have the capacity to adversely impact production. Extractive and secondary industries source fabricated steel as well as advanced technological metals from Argentina for the technology, construction, industrial, and agricultural sectors.
Most of the general strikes have been organized by the Central de Trabajadores de la Argentina (CTA) trade union center, a spinoff of the Confederación General del Trabajo de la República Argentina (CGT) trade union center representing 40% of the Argentine workforce.
While such strikes employ multiple sectors, the role of the transport unions has, in the past, affected the movement of goods from riverine shipping of raw products on the Parana River and the River Plate to the export of primary and secondary goods overseas by air. Furthermore, transportation union participation in general strikes as well as direct actions such as roadblocks by CTA-affiliated actors can halt shipping by land, sea, and air, creating congestion most pronounced in the capital region. Given the considerable concentration of export-oriented trade in Buenos Aires relative to the rest of the country, general strikes can have notably adverse effects on the unimpeded flow of supplies and finished goods.
A notable point of consideration is the role played by union organizer Hugo Moyano, former head of the MTA truckers’ union and the CGT, and current trucking union secretary general in Buenos Aires, in organizing the ground transportation component of general strikes faced in Argentina in 2018-19.
Moyano has held executive positions in the now-opposition Justicialist Party during the tenure of then-President and the newly-elected Justicialist Vice-President, Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner. While Moyano has played a role in organizing strikes during the Macri presidency, his relationship with Fernandez de Kirchner are similarly acrimonious, and therefore no one outcome of the election or another can result, with certainty, that the aftermath of the election will result in an end to cargo transportation strikes.
What to expect
In the past 20 years, the CTA has been more likely to employ piqueteros, or professional picketers or demonstrators, in its direct actions in comparison to the CGT, and has been known to organize them as a component of disruptive demonstrations in historical manifestations against fiduciary conditions wrought by the IMF in 2001 and 2002. A CTA-organized strike may involve a greater propensity for actions ranging from roadblocks, contention with law enforcement, property damage, and plant takeovers in the most extreme cases.
There is also value in considering the relationship of IMF measures to the potential for strikes. A combination of restrictive fiscal requirements and the prospect of limited lending have led to a near-correlation between IMF proposals in Argentina and general strikes.
The general strikes organized around IMF deals have been organized by the CGT, which garners relatively high participation rates, and offers longer prior notice than CTA-sponsored strike actions. Unannounced disruptive direct action, however, tends to erupt during these events, as exhibited in 2001 and 2018.
The status of state-owned enterprises for the next four years as well is important to factor in to the overall situation in the country. At present, there are no indications of privatization faced by major state enterprises, such as the YPF oil company or the Fabrica Argentina de Aviones aerospace hardware company. YPF is at risk of default, however. If events in Brazil with Petrobras are any indication, attempts to manage a default through debt swaps, asset sales, or fiscal belt-tightening that could be perceived as placing employee benefits at risk can serve as catalysts for future industrial action.
After Argentina’s markets collapsed in the week following the primary win, Mr. Fernández attempted to calm market fears by insisting that if he wins the election he will not crash out of the IMF deal, but will instead renegotiate it and extend maturities. In the event, however, that the public would lack confidence in this ability, adverse effects on the transportation sector can be expected and the possibility of further industrial action in the sector should be anticipated.
Trade Policy
The EU and Mercosur members reached a draft deal in June 2019 which now must be ratified by all EU and Mercosur member states.
The EU-Mercosur trade agreement includes cutting tariffs and eliminating high customs duties in four key sectors; cars and parts, machinery, chemicals, and pharmaceuticals. The agreement also includes the “precautionary principle” which ensures that the EU and Mercosur members can continue to regulate, including on environment or labor matters even if this affects trade, even when scientific information is not conclusive.
The accord was an achievement championed by the Macri administration. While the Fernandez campaign had not explicitly condemned the deal outright, Fernandez himself expressed skepticism that the accord’s content as agreed in principle would be conducive to the Argentine national interest. The accord can only come into force with the consent of the constituent’s legislatures. With the recent election results, the fate of the accord in Argentina is yet to be determined.
The main opposition to the deal will likely stem from populist politicians and political interest groups from both blocs. In South America, manufacturers, especially auto companies, are wary of the trade deal as they have historically been protected from European competition by high tariffs. The future of Mercosur and more generally the EU-Mercosur agreement largely depends on decisions made by Argentina and Brazil.
Uncertainty for Mercosur
The future of the trading bloc remains uncertain as Brazil and Argentina are experiencing economic hardships and political unrest. Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro has threatened to either have Brazil leave the Mercosur economic bloc, or effect efforts to make Argentina leave in the event of a Justicialist victory. Moreover, while individual EU member states have threatened penalty on Brazil due to concerns over the Amazon in the form of trade withholding, EU sources have stated that this is unlikely to threaten the deal, and such penalties would be unlikely to reverberate in Argentina. However, any hesitation on enacting the deal, or enacting policies prohibitive to unimpeded trade may alter the previously permissive trade environment into a more uncertain one at best, and one that is confrontational with Brazil, Argentina’s largest import and export partner, and other trade partners at worst.
Cross-border automotive trade
During Macri’s tenure, Brazil and Argentina have signed off on an automotive trade accord in July 2019 that will facilitate bi-directional cross-border automotive trade between the two countries, albeit postponing free trade until 2029. Brazil and Argentina hold a considerable share of the South American automotive manufacturing market, despite a downturn as automotive manufacturers restructure. Such a downturn has brought several production halts and closures.
While most industrial action involving automotive metallurgist unions so far has revolved around the anti-austerity demonstrations, it is reasonable to assume that any further deterioration of the industry can result in further industrial action. The incoming Fernandez government has not expressed opposition to trade as a principle, yet more export taxes can be expected across the board.
Furthermore, given the stated impetus of the Fernandez ticket to forgo perceived extra-concessionary deals such as the EU-Mercosur deal, as well as the personal antipathy between Bolsonaro and Alberto Fernandez, this deal as well as the prospect of future trade cooperation between the two countries may be at risk.
Outlook
The Fernandez victory presents unique challenges for ensuring the unimpeded flow of supply chains and maintenance of logistics networks for the next four years.
With the Fernandez-Fernandez victory ensured, there is a greater possibility of abatement of contractionary fiscal policy that may contribute to greater general strikes. If the new government is able to fulfill its campaign promise to prioritize economic growth as a way to pay off IMF debt, such conditions would abate the possibility of all-economy strikes.
However, this does not eliminate the risk of industrial action in specific sectors, especially transportation, in the event of macroeconomic contraction. A notable precedent from 2012, under Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, saw a period of fiscal austerity that brought strikes, led by Hugo Moyano, during the 3rd week of November that paralyzed both primary industries and transportation providers. While the new government may be able to forge conciliatory relationships with trade union centers such as the CGT in labor disputes, moves such as those of the trucking unions led by Moyano illustrate that constituent unions may not always cooperate if their demands are not met.
Moreover, the incoming PJ-FpV government poses challenges to trade. The most predominant of these challenges will be with ratification of Mercosur free trade initiatives. If the incoming government elects to forgo such agreements, it could risk complication of trade with the EU as well as other Mercosur members, Brazil included.
Those conducting business in Argentina should be mindful of the impacts of the election on propensity for disruptive strikes and the potential for jeopardized trade policies and agreements and should plan accordingly.These quick low-carb burgers are equally delicious with ground beef or ground chicken, if you prefer a lower fat option.
Ingredients
- 500 g Kjúklinga- eða kjöthakk
- 1 Egg
- 1 Small diced and sautéed onion
- 1 teaspoon Garlic powder
- 1 tablespoon Almond flower (optional)
- 3/4 teaspoon Salt
- 0 pepper to taste
Preparation
- Prepare the Mini Burgers Preheat your grill or grill pan. Mix all the ingredients in a bowl (it’s easiest to mix by hand). Form mini burger patties. Place on the grill for about two to three minutes per side, depending on the size and your preferred level of doneness. For a baked version: Preheat your oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit (190 degrees Celsius). Place patties on a greased baking sheet, and spray the tops with oil. Bake until golden and crispy, about 15–20 minutes. Tip: To make this into a delicious macro meal, start with a round slice of grilled or roasted sweet potato. Top with a bit of lettuce, a thin round slice of tomato, and the mini burger. Garnish with a dollop of guacamole or dip of your choice. If you want to complete the sandwich, cover with another sweet potato slice. If that isn’t a way to take a bite out of summer...UW-Madison reports a 90% vaccination rate on campus as the fall semester is ready to begin
The University of Wisconsin-Madison announced Thursday that 90% of its campus is fully vaccinated against COVID-19, a rate that is higher than several of the university's peer institutions.
As of Sept. 1, 88% of students and 92% of employees are fully vaccinated against COVID-19, based on campus vaccination records and self-reported data.
Another 3% of students have received their first dose. In the residence halls, 94% of students have received at least their first dose and 92% are fully vaccinated. The vaccination rate among faculty is the highest, at 99%.
UW-Madison, like all other UW schools, is not mandating the COVID-19 vaccine but is strongly encouraging it. University officials credited the university's success Thursday to staff and students' community-mindedness.
“We’ve seen increased demand for no-cost vaccination on campus, particularly during the past two weeks,” said Jake Baggott, associate vice chancellor and executive director of University Health Services. “It’s encouraging to see so many people getting the highest level of protection available against this virus — it helps you and also your friends, families and the broader community.”
On Wednesday, UW-La Crosse became the first UW campus to announce it hit a goal set by UW System interim President Tommy Thompson this summer to have 70% of students vaccinated against COVID-19 by Oct. 15.
However, UW-La Crosse's data is based on a student survey and pending confirmation by the campus student health center, which is obtaining permission from students to cross-check vaccination status with the Wisconsin Immunization Registry. Spokesman Kyle Farris said in the meantime the university trusts its students for having provided complete and accurate information.
UW schools are working to raise vaccination rates through several enticements, including scholarship lotteries, exemptions from regular COVID-19 testing requirements and spirit store prizes. At the System level, Thompson announced the availability of nearly $500,000 in scholarships for students on campuses excluding UW-Madison.
More:UW System announces a lottery with $490,000 in scholarships to encourage vaccination
More:'This is madness': Between politics and public health, UW schools work to adapt for fall
At UW-Madison, Baggott also credited high vaccination rates to a unified, campuswide public health campaign that championed vaccination as an effective and safe way to protect against the disease and educated those who were on the fence even on the level of one-on-one conversations. UW-Madison started pushing for vaccination early and using data to identify and reach out to specific groups and people about the importance of getting the shot.
"We believe this to be one of the highest rates of vaccination for a large university without a mandate," Baggott said.
The university will keep pushing for more people to get the vaccine and expects the rates to continue increasing, he said. Demand for vaccine appointments on campus is rising, with the impending start of the fall semester and in the wake of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's approval of the Pfizer vaccine.
Overall, campus vaccination rates at UW-Madison are in line with several of its national peers, many of which have mandated the vaccine.
As of Sept. 1, vaccination rates and mandate status of those schools were as follows:
• Indiana University: 86%, mandated
• Northwestern University: 93%, mandated
• Pennsylvania State University: 80%, not mandated
• Purdue University: 80%, not mandated
• Rutgers University: 98%, mandated for students
• University of Illinois: 88%, mandated
• University of Michigan: 92%, mandated
Baggott said UW-Madison's high rates of vaccination do not guarantee that COVID-19 cases will be nonexistent on campus. Breakthrough cases are expected, he said, but the good news is people who are vaccinated are at significantly lower risk for severe illness. He also said the university is reassured by high vaccination rates in the surrounding community: 69% of Dane County residents are fully vaccinated.
Baggot said UW-Madison "continues to work on" the issue of whether or not to require the vaccine at some point in the future, noting it's also a decision that is being led at the System level.
"I think when you look at the results that we've achieved here compared to some of our other peers, I think that we've gotten very satisfying results. So I'm not really expecting it — I feel good about where we're at," he said.
Political issues are significant
James Conway, a UW-Madison professor of pediatrics in the School of Medicine and Public Health, told the Journal Sentinel that even though he is optimistic about the progress the campus is making in raising vaccination rates, a mandate should still be on the table as the college evaluates spread over the next few weeks.
He noted UW Health, the university's hospital system, requires the vaccine but also acknowledged there are "political issues related to vaccine mandates that are significant in our state, which make such discussions quite challenging."
"If we could reach 100% vaccination coverage without any mandates, that would be ideal of course," he said. "But time will tell how things progress at the campus, county, state and national level — both with the current circulating strains and new variants now emerging in other areas of the world."
Despite most things moving back to pre-pandemic standards, such as the return to in-person learning without social distancing, UW-Madison will still be taking precautions.
Members of the UW campus who do not get the vaccine — around 6,500 people at this point — will be required to get tested weekly for COVID-19, an approach UW-Milwaukee is also taking.
Conway noted that even with high vaccination rates, there are "quite a few" people who remain unprotected.
"I think we need to remember that everyone deserves the opportunity to be protected against this unpredictable virus and the consequences of infection," Conway said. "And the only way we can get towards eradication and an end to the pandemic is for everyone possible to be vaccinated."
All UW campuses have also returned for now to requiring people to mask indoors regardless of vaccination status, given the statewide spread of the delta variant of the coronavirus.
More announcements on vaccination rates on UW campuses are expected in the coming days and weeks.
Contact Devi Shastri at 414-224-2193 or DAShastri@jrn.com. Follow her on Twitter at @DeviShastri.Artists at work 👨🎨👩🎨🎨🖼
18th Nov 2021
This week we held our first junior and senior after school art club!
During junior art club we created some wonderful pieces of work inspired by Piet Mondrian! We put our primary colours to the test! 🟥 🟨 🟦
The children in the senior art club enjoyed exploring the work of Wassily Kandinsky! We decided to recreate one of his infamous paintings! I think they did a fantastic job! ⭕⏺🎨🖌
A great afternoon, well done to everyone who particpated! 👏😊
Straidhavern Primary School 3 Straidhavern Road, Nutts Corner, Crumlin, Co. Antrim, BT29 4SN Phone: 028 90 82 5530Drugging Our Children
- Author : Sharna Olfman
- Publisher : ABC-CLIO
- Release Date : 2012
- Genre : Health & Fitness
- Pages : 232
- ISBN : 9780313396830
GET BOOK
This book exposes the skyrocketing rate of antipsychotic drug prescriptions for children, identifies grave dangers when children's mental health care is driven by market forces, describes effective therapeutic care for children typically prescribed antipsychotics, and explains how to navigate a drug-fueled mental health system. * A chapter on effective parenting coauthored by a leading parenting expert, Laura Berk * Contributions by noted medical journalist Robert Whitaker, author of Anatomy of an Epidemic * Information on legal issues by Harvard-educated lawyer Jim Gottstein * Insights from former pharmaceutical industry insider, Gwen Olsen * An examination of community approaches to children's mental health care by internationally known psychologist Stuart ShankerAntimicrobial use in food animals and human health: time to implement 'One Health' approach.
Pokharel S., Shrestha P., Adhikari B.
The use of antimicrobials in animals for growth promotion and infection prevention significantly contributes to the development of antimicrobial resistance (AMR), a growing public health threat. While the World Health Organization (WHO), the United Nations (UN) and the European Union (EU) have taken steps towards reducing and restricting the use of antimicrobials in animals, initiatives are insufficient in developing countries where the demands for food animals continue to rise over the years. The inter-sectoral acknowledgment of inextricable link between animal health, human health and the environment (One Health approach) is critical. Concerted and collaborative efforts among all the stakeholders are essential to deal with this complex problem of resistance.Limestone Crusher Manufacturers In India. Limestone Crusher.Free Consultation
Stone Crusher Manufacturers Suppliers. Details reversible impac view all a pdf on impact crusher in Limestone Crusher Supplier.China Limestone Crusher manufacturers Select 2021 high quality Limestone Crusher products in best price from certified Chinese Crushing Machine, Crusher Machinery suppliers, wholesalers and factory on Made in China.com, page 3.Impact crusher in india, impact crusher in india Suppliers . High Quality China Manufacturer Limestone Fine Impact Crusher In Coimbatore Up to 5 years warranty US $2000$99999 Set 10 Sets (Min Order) 3 YRS Henan Seasun Heavy Industry Machinery Co, Ltd 800 Contact Supplier Stone Crusher Plant Layout Mobile Impact Rock Stone Crusher Price In India US $39800$40100 Set 1.Portable Limestone Impact Crusher Provider In Angola. Portable dolomite impact crusher manufacturer in india with the development of technology, mobile crushers have already been one of the top machines. brand mobile crushing station is used and welcomed not only in china mobile crushers market but also world market.
Impact Machinery Price Select 2021 high quality Impact Machinery Price products in best price from certified Chinese Automatic Machinery manufacturers, Construction Machinery suppliers, wholesalers and factory on Made in China.com.Jaw Crusher Crusher Suppliers In Ind.Limestone crusher suppliers in india sale. limestone primary crushing plant manufacturer india heavy industry is specialized in the design, manufacture and supply of crushing equipment used in mining industry The product range of our company comprises mobile crushing plant, jaw crusher, cone crusher, impact crusher, milling equipment, ball mill.Limestone Crusher Industries In India wwprojekt. Jaw Crusher in India for sale, Limestone crushing plant . Rugged construction, simplicity of design and the ability to crush most types of material, including hard abrasive stone, make jaw crusher ideally suited for use as the primary crusher within a.Used Limestone Cone Crusher Price In India. Used Stone Limestone Impact Crusher Price. Items 126 150 of 226 used limestone jaw crusher suppliers india vyas academy crusher supplier in india description ore crusherstone limestone crushing of stones in cement plant szm dddnh in limestone crushing plant for cement factory cone crusher stone crushing plant stone cone crusher is.
Ball Mill Iron Ore Tph China High Productivity Circular Vibrating Ore Table Best Crusher Plant Design Lay Out Removal Of Chrome From Iron Ore Stone Crushing Portable Stone Crusher Manufacturer Rock Crushing And Granding Crushing And Grinding Plant For Sale Australia Recycling Equipment Ball Mills Making Limestone Into Cement Crushing Machine Iron Ore Grinding Rod Mill Working Principle Parts And Functions Of Crusher Equipments Effect Of Cg In Vibrating Screen Cone Crusher 36s Parts Manual Samac Liming Jaw Crusher Maintenance Manual Manual Rhino Jaw Crusher Uk Iron Ore Crushing How Does It Work The Processing Of Iron Ore New Gator Stationary 32 42 Crushing Plant Handbook Jaw Crusher Pe From China China High Efficient Cone Crushers Completely Meet The Market Demand Stone Production Line Primary Jaw Crusher Making Cream New Type Ball Millcrushing Sizi Ball Mill Grinding Ball Milling Machine Dry Ball M Dijual Stone Crusher Machine Di IndonesiaLast night, the police in Ferguson set up a designated protest zone, where protesters could stay out all night if they cared to. By 4 a.m., it was down to a determined few. The media was gone. The police were largely gone, except for one squad car parked across the street. People compared bruises and abrasions. One man carried the beanbag he was shot with, so that he'd have evidence in case anyone cared. They were well aware that the media cleared out once it became clear the night would be peaceful, and they talked about what that might mean.
There's an established pattern now: During the day, there is cleanup and scattered protests. People have jobs to be at. In the late afternoon people start to filter in -- media, protesters, police. Florissant fills up. There is a directed protest; last night people marched in a circle between two barricades about five blocks apart. At some point, the tension builds. People start to get restless after a few hours of discussing amongst themselves exactly how many of their rights are being violated now and why. Police are uncommunicative; last night I heard rumors of a curfew and asked an officer to confirm. He refused and referred me to the press officers, who were located well away from the protests.
Protesters stand in parking lots and on sidewalks during the evening protests. For the last two nights, they have not been allowed to stop moving. I spoke with a man who asked me what people who couldn't march for hours were supposed to do. What's struck me is the determination; people tell each other all night to stay peaceful, that they will win if America sees them be peaceful. Last night, a man rigged his food truck to play music to keep the protest lighthearted. The police immediately ordered him to turn it off because people would congregate. An hour or two later, protesters had managed to get one of those trains that pulls kids around in parks and malls. They put a sign on it proclaiming it a peace train, and they played Marvin Gaye from loudspeakers.The dancers weren't stationary.
But that was last night. Tonight it's raining, with heavy thunder and lightning. People seem determined to stay; police seem edgy already. The crowd skews young. The march continues, with the same chants we've heard for days. Hands up, don't shoot. I am Mike Brown. The people haven't forgotten. The mood is watchful.
Nobody knows what will happen tonight. Perhaps another night of peace, or perhaps another night of running from flashbangs and hoping live fire isn't next. People come and go, deciding to join in or avoid the rain at about equal numbers. Most people talk about how this is their home. They hope for the best and prepare for the worst. They are carrying their masks in their pockets instead of around their necks, but there have already been arrests tonight. As I write this, it's only 9 p.m. There are a lot of hours left before the residents here know whether tonight will bring peace, and sleep.
Ferguson isn't the "projects." It's just a place where people live. Now, it's a place where people mourn. Whether they want to be there or not is irrelevant; they don't have the choice of leaving. People keep trying to come up with new ways to say "surreal." One man told me three times in ten minutes about the nightmares he's had for days. They are of a masked figure emerging, gun at the ready, from clouds of choking smoke. Just that scene, and then he wakes up.Florida law prohibits the distribution and sale of controlled substances listed by state laws. Individuals who possess controlled substances with intent to sell or distribute may also be prosecuted. Florida law also prohibits drug trafficking activities to bring large amounts of controlled substances into the state.
A prosecutor must show the following to prove a drug trafficking offense.
- That the defendant knowingly participated in drug trafficking activities.
- That the defendant had an awareness of the activities to bring drugs into the state of Florida.
- That the seized materials are controlled substances as defines by Florida state laws.
Drug trafficking in Florida is a first degree felony and prosecution may result in a sentence of imprisonment and a fine. Specific terms are defined by state law depending on the type of drug and quantity of the drug involved. Our team has a reputation for excellence that is widely recognized and respected in the legal community.
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. is an accomplished Florida law firm dedicated to defending people charged with serious crimes. If you are faced with drug trafficking charges in Florida and are looking for a Florida drug trafficking attorney, contact Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. immediately. Our criminal defense attorneys in West Palm Beach have more than 30 years in pursuit of justice for every client.I've talked to Jason Dohring, I've talked to Enrico Colantoni and I've talked to Kristen, obviously. I know that Kristen wants to do it. I want to do itThomas working on 'Veronica Mars' movie Jan 21, 2009
What that means for me is that I have a couple of months to write the 'Veronica Mars' movieThomas working on 'Veronica Mars' movie Jan 21, 2009
Carlos kind of fortified my belief that I'm a songwriter, and this is what I'm supposed to doRob Thomas announces solo tour Aug 15, 2005
If he's around [the studio], I'll make him play guitar for sureRock News: Music's high and low notes Mar 06, 2002
Ro.This test utilizes the MycoTB broth microtiter dilution plate (Trek Diagnostic Systems, Inc., Cleveland, OH). Antimicrobials included in the assay are tested according to the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) guidelines. The plate contains lyophilized antimicrobials which are rehydrated prior to testing. A standardized suspension of the Mycobacterium tuberculosis isolate is added to the plate wells and the plate is incubated at 36 degrees C in 5% to 10% CO(2) for up to 14 days. The first drug-containing well with no visible growth is determined to be the endpoint.(CLSI. Susceptibility Testing of Mycobacteria, Nocardiae, and Other Actinomycetes; Approved Standard. CLSI document M24-A2. CLSI, Wayne, PA, 2011;)
Monday through SundayPublished: 07/15/2018 - Updated: 01/24/2019
Author: MSc. Miriam Reyes
The more we know about our skin and how to care for and nourish it, the more this extensive organ that covers our entire body will respond happily and youthfully. Over time, different ways of protecting and maintaining our beauty have been discovered. As we learn and apply these new techniques and advice, our skin seems to retain its youthful look even more.
Skin full of youth and freshness meets the following criteria:
It is elastic, fresh, smooth, has a uniform texture, small pores, uniform color and an attractive look. Environmental factors such as being exposed to contamination, too much sun, food choices, and gravity are the primary factors that deteriorate skin conditions. That’s why we are going to give you some advice to keep your skin looking as beautiful as possible. We’ve decided to focus on the face and neck areas, which are perhaps the areas that require most care, as they are most exposed.
11 tips for a Youthful Skin
1. It is absolutely necessary to make special time every day to clean and nourish your skin. Half an hour should do, ideally before going to bed, allowing your skin time to absorb. Follow a daily beauty regimen.
2. During this half hour, take time to wash your face well with mineral water (or fresh water, preferably without chlorine), and apply a face mask or hydrating cream.
3. Spend 10 of those minutes laying down on an inclined table, reversing gravity on the body and allowing blood the circulate to your face (and in passing, your hair as well). Take this time to push lightly on your face with your ring finger.
4. Avoid furrowing your brow, or making facial expressions like wrinkling your eyebrows or nose throughout the day.
5. Carry a small spray in your bad to moisten your face during the day. You can make this spray with a small smount of fresh water and a few drops of olive oil and lemon.
6. Did you know that fresh vegetables contain antioxidants? Eat at least one salad a day with several fresh vegetables and drink at least one liter of fresh vegetable juice. Try to mix some type of sprouts in your salad or juice. These are abundant with antioxidants.
7. Use sun screen or some sort of cream with sun filter in it each time you will be exposed to the sun for more than an hour.
8. If you fold a dry piece of paper, the crease marks where you folded it. If you crinkle the entire piece of paper, tiny wrinkles will define where it was crinkled. But if the paper is moist, the creases don’t stick and the paper becomes more flexible. This is why it’s so important to drink at least 3 liters of pure water a day.
9. Avoid salty or seasoned foods, as these have the tendency to dry things out.
10. Exfoliate your face once a week and apply a nutritive face mask.
11. Sleep well! Sleep is the best way to repair skin.
Revised by: Dra. Loredana Lunadei on 01/24/2019
About the authorFeeling tired of looking for the right deal? You can use this site to compare rebates, offers, discounts and many more Toyota deals in your local area. With excellent interest rates and low monthly installments, Toyota lease deals nearby are sure to help add plenty of value to your hunt for a brand quality used Toyota. Ensure you get everything from your new Toyota with great new car rebates in your area from your local Toyota dealerships. At Toyota, our is to try to help you to save big with new Toyota rebates close to your community on auto care or an air filter replacement. Make sure you stay up to date the most exciting offers and lease plans with new car incentives nearby thanks to your neighborhood Toyota dealerships. Trust us to provide you with incredible Toyota discounts in Watertown, Connecticut on everything from midsize sedans to luxury crossover SUVS to high quality auto care. Take advantage of the amazing rebate incentives and competitive leasing offers at your local area's Toyota dealer. See which Toyota special offers nearby can help you save money this month. Thanks to a large fleet of quality pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs, your community's Toyota dealership can help you save big with brand new used Toyota offers in your community. Don't miss out on Toyota lease deals and offers at your local Toyota dealership. Discover just a few of the enticing new Toyota offers in Watertown, Connecticut for our selection of Toyota vehicles.View All OffersCall : +919106020945
Easybatch 1500 Compact Asphalt Plant has good functional flexibility and boasts of high-mobility capabilities. It is a stand-alone and complete plant that fits onto trailers. It can be installed without the help of a crane and is suited for multiple relocations. It has been specifically designed for consistent production in several regions with little developed infrastructure. Easybatch 1500 Compact Asphalt Plant allows for an easy transport.It is functional as a standard vibratory deck screening system as well as separate drying drum.NetFortris, an award-winning end-to-end provider of managed cloud communication solutions and network services, including hosted voice, SD-WAN and SIP Trunking, has strengthened its commitment to channel with the addition of two new channel managers and a senior marketing manager. NetFortris also created the new role of Vice President of Strategic Partnerships to focus on complex solutions.
“These additions to our channel leadership team reinforce our commitment to our channel partners. We’re starting 2021 with a clear plan for how we will grow business together with our sales partners as an end-to-end provider to meet customers’ complete communication needs,” said Tessley Smith, Senior Vice President of Sales for NetFortris.
Aaron Kanahele has been tapped as the company’s first Vice President of Strategic Partnerships, focusing on complex solution deployment nationwide. Kanahele has worked at NetFortris for 14 years, most recently as Vice President of Channel Sales – West. In his new position, he will work as an overlay for the channel team to build relationships with specific partners.
“NetFortris has had a high success rate working with select partners across North America to secure and deploy very complex communications and networking solutions,” he said. “I look forward to dedicating 100 percent of my efforts to serve our strategic partners while growing our businesses together.”
“Aaron has proven himself as a trusted consultative resource for strategic relationships,” said Smith. “As NetFortris continues to advance its growth plan, enhanced support and engagement for our strategic partners remains a vital focus. Aaron has an impressive background. His industry experience, coupled with his sharp business acumen and genuine personal-engagement style, make him the ideal advocate and ally for these important partners and their customers.”
To boost local support for sales partners, the NetFortris channel sales team, led by Vice President of Channel Sales Shawn Berry, added two new channel managers, Jay Wicker and Colm Armstrong.
“Colm and Jay bring a new level of channel experience and excitement to NetFortris’ channel team,” said Berry. “They both have deep ties to the channel community and will expand our presence in the West and New England regions. I have been a big fan of both of these channel pros for a while and look forward to seeing how they can build business opportunities with our partners.”
Wicker will support NetFortris partners in the West, specifically California, New Mexico and Arizona. A 21-year veteran of telecom, Wicker has deep technical knowledge and a fierce commitment to serve his channel partners. His experience with SD-WAN and multilocation deployments makes him a natural fit for NetFortris’ end-to-end product set.
Armstrong, a 17-year channel veteran, also joins NetFortris with extensive experience in SD-WAN and multilocation deployments. Most recently a channel executive with Ecessa, he has strong ties and relationships in the channel community. Armstrong will support partners in New England, specifically in New York and New England area encompassing Ohio, Kentucky, Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Connecticut as well, giving NetFortris a newfound presence in the area.
NetFortris also has brought on seasoned marketing executive Rachel Turkus as Senior Channel Marketing Manager. Previously, she was Director of Marketing at Broadvoice and Lead Development Manager at Packet Fusion. At NetFortris, Turkus is focused on to-channel and through-channel marketing as well as strengthening go-to-market alignment with NetFortris’ national master agent partners.
“Rachel is an experienced partner marketing leader, who will help our channel managers and our partners to go to market together, create demand, educate customers on the NetFortris value proposition, and ultimately, win business,” said Sm.Polar Bear Inflatable Water Slide
Register or login to see the price!
Size(meter): 29 × 9.9 × 10.4
Size(feet): 95.1 × 32.5 × 34.1
- Description
- Reviews (0)
Product Description
Polar bear inflatable water slide for sale.
You know what, even north polar bear like water slide and that’s the theme of this giant polar bear inflatable water slide. The water slide is super long enough(95 feet) for kids to fully enjoy the water fun of slipping and splashing. The two water lanes both end in the same water pool.
Choose polar bear and penguin inflatable slide if you like sea bears on sleighs.
Features
- Original design by Channal Inflatables
- Heavy duty commercial grade quality
- Custom (color, size, logo, art panel and design)
- Polar bear theme
- Dual slip n slide lanes with same water pool
Specifications
If you have any questions, please contact us. We’d like to hear from you.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.The Polywood South Beach Chaise lounge brings back memories with outdoor furniture was stylish and substantial. This recycled plastic version of the wood chaise lounges of the past is comfortable and will last many. This choice not only is good for the environment but is just the right product for years of lounging in the sun..Pe."
A one-man crusader.
'Someone has to do something'
Convinced that people power could succeed where the diplomats had failed, he ran for parliament in 1965 on a promise to fly his private plane to Cairo and talk peace with the then Egyptian president, Gamal Abdel Nasser.
''Someone has to do something,'' he would say, in the soft lilt that revealed his Indian background. '.
Abie Nathan (Photo: Danny Solomon).''
'Nissiti - I tried' 1996, Nathan suffered his first stroke in Washington. The trauma left his left side paralyzed and grounded him for life in a wheelchair. A second and more severe stroke hit in June 1998 in Tel Aviv. This
one robbed Nathan of his speech. In recent years, he had been confined to a retirement home and had rarely been seen in public.
In a 1996 interview Nathan said that during one of his prison hunger strikes, he was certain he was going to die. He bought a grave and a tombstone. When asked what he would want written on the stone, he replied ''Nissiti,'' the Hebrew word for ''I tried.''
Nathan was twice married and had one daughter, Sharona. Funeral arrangements were incomplete.The only place that ever felt like home was this community, called Literacy House.
At the request of Mahatma Gandhi, Mrs. Welthy Fisher, an American missionary, founded Literacy House in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India, in 1950s. Its motto clearly summarized their big idea, "It is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness."
The training institute pioneered adult education in India and was established as a model to be replicated across the world to eradicate poverty. By the 1990s, it had its own mass comm training center that brought in revenue, its own farms to train young farmers, a clinic, school, amphitheater, library, a local bank branch and a guest house. The staff represented all religions and castes; there was always reason to celebrate.
What a novel idea!
None of that, however, made sense to an eight-year-old me.
To me, Literacy House was an obscure, magical, enchanted forest. There were the elders that represented the good forces, my dad being the leader [insert proud face]. Of course, I was going to be just like him when I grew up.
Featured photo: Literacy House | Courtesy: Ankur YadavThis article is focused on answering Project Management Dashboard Software …I’m a customer success supervisor here at monday.com and we’re gon na have an advanced webinar for the marketing walkthrough i’m gon na reveal you 3 review marketing campaign tracking and i want to show guys that too and last but not least i’m going to show you dashboards um so let’s begin in a minute i just want to pull up the um thing that i wanted to show you men so i have it open and after that we’re going to start amazing all right let’s start and landing page demand i’m assuming
you men i’m simply gon na show um talk about the essentials really quickly however i’m sure you guys clients or jobs and it really just depends on your workflow and the way we did it here to you can do it any way you desire but a cool way to get a brief prior to dealing with an innovative demand is utilizing the form so a form generally show you how to develop a type but generally this form is available in here and after that the group lead of the creative design team or any other group can assign a certain designer to deal with it so let me show you men how to develop and include a type if anything is too quick or something is unclear please write it to me in the chat and i’ll try clarify so i can go here add view i suggest you guys inspect the view section since it’s simply another way to reveal um all your products just see things on a calendar or in a chart or you want a file view another method to see um specific things on your board so close the type view and like i stated it takes particular columns not the individual column obviously however other columns that you can hide or make um viewable for the person that is going to be offered the type they can upload this file if you want to require it you can always do a checkbox and after that they can’t submit the form without filling this info in so you can actually simply create any column with anything that you men require when a creative demand can be found in make it a form share the kind sneak peek the show you guys how a form looks like um the name of the request you want you wish to include a specific short with a particular everything is in the preparation concepts phase and i need the innovative department to assist me it’s right now where i’m dealing with it i need it by might 23rd and it remains in highest priority i wish to submit it and let me reveal you people how it is available in on the board webinar demand test so it’s always going to enter the very first group which is very important to understand and then it can be called concepts or demands can be found in and after that i can just proceed take it and move it to a specific group that i think type and it’s interesting to you just compose yes so i can get feedback while you people are listening yay yes yes amazing incredible awesome i’m glad you guys are listening and understand whatever terrific um if any of these columns are you’re not knowledgeable about them just write me in the chat and i’ll discuss them also today i’ll simply offer like a quick summary this is the person column as you guys kind can occupy several columns on one board yes dell you are correct every column that you produce can be nearly every column you develop can be in a kind view and people can fill it out and it can be found in as an item on the board terrific so this is our column center what we utilize here is a top priority one we named it top priority but it’s basically a ranking column um we have a. Project Management Dashboard Software
monday.com, project management, tool, software application, rates, asana, apps, trello, kanban, microsoft, automations, solution, crm, user, job management software, gantt charts, basecamp, company, button, api, kanban board, airtable, control panel.
Project Management Dashboard SoftwareInterior decoration Awesome Floor Washing Machine #4 Cleaning Washing Machine Floor is challenging but it is highly recommended to plan it to detail to achieve the intended look. Confirm that you make a good decision for each and every factor listed below.
Are you going to redesign a single room or the whole house? Remodeling could be of numerous forms and you need to decide whether you are going to revamp your entire space or just a section of it Floor Washing Machine such as bathroom or living room.
Are planning to complete the renovation by yourself? The fact is, you cannot find one solution covers all types of project on this matter Awesome Floor Washing Machine #4 Cleaning Washing Machine Floor. Be careful not to attempt to undertake a do-it-yourself for major improvements or tricky plans. In the event it is solely minor improvement and you possess the know-how for the work then it will be acceptable to execute it on your own.
Have you got enough funds for the remodeling Phyllis Sanders? Expense plan is fundamental and you need to arrange a spending plan as well as adhere to it. Despite your budgeting capability, do not forget to have extra cash to manage unexpected costs.
What type of upgrade do you desire? Try your best to meticulously choose type, Awesome Floor Washing Machine #4 Cleaning Washing Machine Floor, paints, materials along with other aspects about your home upgrade.
Image Name : Awesome Floor Washing Machine #4 Cleaning Washing Machine Floor
Image Resolution : 1000 x 1000 Pixel
Image Size : 268 kB
Author : Phyllis Sanders
Published : December 18, 2015 at 10:12 am
Seen : 4238 hits
Image type : image/jpeg
Download : Click hereMycelium Growth Day By Day. Premium Formula; Max? Daily; Energizer Multi-Vitamin; Multi-Vitamin Supplement; Gluten Free; Orchard Fruits/Garden Veggies & Daily Greens powder blends (600 mg), Enzymes, Bioflavo Phellinus linteus Benefits. linteus has a long history of use in folk medicine and in Traditional Chinese Medicine as a treatment for several conditions, including diarrhea and other gastroenteric problems, haemorrhage, and cancers. As is usually the case, scientific research focuses less on confirming or refuting the efficacy of traditional uses and more on investigating the biochemistry of ... OVERVIEW Alive!® MAX Potency Capsules contain a diversity of daily essentials, greens, phytonutrients and antioxidants. This multi-vitamin is made with essential nutrients, botanicals and system defenders including:*25 vitamins and minerals12 digestive enzymes14 greens12 organically grown mushroomsAntioxidants: Vitamin
[index] [41071] [36880] [16902] [51286] [46755] [50542] [2820] [43082] [46787] [25297]
Reishi, Chaga, Maitake, Cordyceps, Shiitake, Lions Mane, TurkeyTail, Oyster, Phellinus linteus, Astragalus BENEFITS & USES Take in your coffee/ tea/ smoothie/ drinks or add to food & broth to ... The Amazing World of Mycelium: Paul Stamets - Duration: 33:59. ... 상황버섯-자연산상황-목질진흙-Salix Nigra-Phellinus Linteus-桑黃-メシマコブ - Duration: 9:05. Song Hyeongtae ... Leading mycologist Paul Stamets shares his work exploring the diverse role medicinal mushrooms may have in activating our immune systems and helping treat ca... __count__/__total__ Where music meets your desktop Mushroom Identification Tropicoporus linteus mushroom.
#This is just a crazy free-range street video but feels like kicking it with Nipsey real low-key-like, you know hanging out in a parking lot and getting money out of the ATM. If we ever visit LA he is definitely our number one dude to call. Not a euphemism!
March 09, 2010Your privacy is critically important to us. At WebMan Design, we have a few fundamental principles:
- We are thoughtful about the personal information we ask you to provide and that we collect about you through the operation of our services. We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.
- We store personal information for only as long as we have a reason to keep it.
- We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
- We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
- We aim for full transparency on how we gather, use, and share your personal information.
- Below is our Privacy Policy, which incorporates and clarifies these principles.
Table of contents
- Who we are
- What personal data we collect and why we collect it
- Who we share your data with
- How long we retain your data
- How we protect your data and what data breach procedures we have in place
- What rights you have over your data
- Where we send your data
- Business transfers
- Additional information
Who we are Back to top
Hello! My name is Oliver Juhás and I am the owner of the website. I also own and manage subsites of:
- where I provide support services for my products,
- and containing demo websites of my products.
I am self employed freelancer from Slovakia with company registration number (IČO) of 45950407.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it Back to top
When visitors leave comments on our site, we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Currently we provide comments functionality only on product demo websites at. As those are demo websites only, you should not leave any comments in there anyway. Every demo website contains a page with full preview of sample comments list. For this reason, the commenting functionality is kept enabled on the demo websites.
If you happen to leave a comment on such demo website for testing purposes, we advice you to use example, imaginative data. There is no point of using real data on demo website. Even then, we periodically clean the created test comments and delete them all from the demo websites, keeping only those created by us for preview.
Support forum posts (support tickets and replies) Back to top
On our website we run a forum software to provide support services to our customers and product users. This website requires a user registration to create support tickets, write replies and participate in forums. We require users to provide only a username (could be imaginative, made-up) and email address.
When a user creates a support ticket or replies to a ticket (participates in the forum/creates a forum post), an IP address is also collected and stored in our database. Since 25th May 2018 we introduce functionality to anonymize IP addresses collected. Technically this means removing last octet of the IPv4 address (or last 80 bits in case of IPv6 address), which means we can only track approximate location, such as country or province. The IP anonymization is also being continuously applied on all previously stored data.
No IP addresses and user emails are displayed to other users or otherwise publicly shared. Only website admins have full control over those data.
Since 25th May 2018 we also remove any obsolete, previously optional user account data, such as:
- user’s first and last name,
- display name preference (currently it defaults to nickname, if provided, or username),
- any online contact or social network contact such as a website address, AIM, Yahoo IM, Jabber or Google Talk user account,
- biographical information.
Additional data such as registration and login time and number of logins will be stored for analytical and security reasons.
Gravatar profile pictures Back to top
As we collect user emails on our website, an anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here:. After approval of your forum post (or comment), your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media Back to top
If you upload any images to our websites (mainly to), you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from such images.
Contact forms Back to top
We do not provide any contact forms on our websites. The only form of direct contact, where we store user data, is on our support service website at.
You may find contact forms (and other kind of forms) on our products demo websites at. Please note that these are only a dummy demo forms that do not work (except maybe demo e-commerce form – more information about those below).
Cookies Back to top
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. We uses cookies to help identify and track visitors, their usage our websites, and their website access preferences.
Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using our websites, with the drawback that certain features of these websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
If you leave a comment on our sites, you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account at. It expires after 1 day.
We also use Jetpack plugin on all of our websites. The plugin sets its own cookies and you can find more information about them at (not all of those cookies are set on every website we manage).
Embedded content from other websites Back to top
Articles, pages and forum posts on our sites may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, other Back to top
On our websites we use analytics service provided by Jetpack plugin (by WordPress.com services) to generate stats for our websites. Here is information about data collected by this functionality: plugin and code is not causing performance issues. This includes the tracking of page load times and resource loading duration (image files, Javascript files, CSS files, etc.).
We are also honoring Do Not Track settings. What is Do Not Track?
Content sharing Back to top
We use Jetpack plugin to provide social sharing feature for our websites content. Here is information about data collected by this functionality:.
E-commerce data Back to top
Some of our demo websites at may contain an e-commerce functionality. Please note that this functionality is only for demo purposes! You should not create any orders or providing any data to the dummy demo forms. User registration is also disabled on these demo websites.
Even if you submit any data to such sites, they are treated the same way as comments (see above) – all the submitted data are being periodically deleted and only the demo sample data created by us are kept.
A clear notification is displayed on these demo websites that the e-commerce functionality is only for demo purposes.
Booking and reservation data Back to top
Some of our demo websites at may contain a booking or reservation functionality. Please note that this functionality is only for demo purposes! You should not providing any data to the dummy demo forms.
Even if you submit any data to such sites, they are treated the same way as comments (see above) – all the submitted data are being periodically deleted and only the demo sample data created by us are kept.
reCAPTCHA Back to top
We use anti spam service by Google to prevent spam on our websites. Website visitor’s IP address will be shared with that service. For more info please read Google’s privacy policy.
Security Logs Back to top
As we run a security software on our websites, it may collect information about visitors and logged in Back to top
We do not share your data with third-parties in a way as to reveal any of your personal information like email, name, etc.
The data we share with 3rd party are of statistical character – see WordPress.com stats above.
Our sites are also Back to top
If you leave a comment on non-demo to our demo websites at will be removed without prior notice. Demo websites only contain sample data and are only for our product preview purposes. We store no user data on those websites.
Our database at is periodically checked for registered user activity and user accounts with no activity (those, with no support ticket or reply created) are being removed, deleted without any prior notice. This is also to prevent any possibility of spam.
Any active user information is retained in the local database indefinitely for analytic purposes and for future export. Data is retained until requested or user has been deleted.
Security logs are retained for 180 days.
How we protect your data and what data breach procedures we have in place Back to top
We protect customer.
In case of a data breach, system administrators will immediately go through affected users and will attempt to reset passwords if needed after informing the user.
What rights you have over your data Back to top
If you have an account on Back to top
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Our sites Back to top
In connection with any merger, sale of company assets, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company, or in the unlikely event that WebMan.
Although most changes are likely to be minor, we may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and in our sole discretion.
We encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to our Privacy Policy.
Your continued use of our websites after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Additional information Back to top
Support forum terms of service Back to top
Please visit for more details on our support service terms.
Thank you for reading!
This Privacy Policy was crafted from Automattic’s version,
which is available under a Creative Commons Sharealike license.Vintage IBM Manuals Nice Lot PC XT PS/2 Basic DOS Technical Reference. Nice collection of vintage IBM manuals. Guide to operations 6025000 w/disks.
DOS 3.10 missing disks 4. DOS 3.30 missing disks 5. DOS 2.10 with disks 7. Basic 3.0 quick reference 8.PS/2 Model 70 386 quick reference with disks 9. All in good condition, fills up an entire standard printer paper box. The item "Vintage IBM Manuals Nice Lot PC XT PS/2 Basic DOS Technical Reference" is in sale since Friday, January 22, 2021.
This item is in the category "Computers/Tablets & Networking\Vintage Computing\Vintage Manuals & Merchandise". The seller is "wdammit75" and is located in Eyota, Minnesota. This item can be shipped to United States.4 Light Foyer
Laura of Pembroke | SKU: 53323 | In Stock Lighting
Regular price
$ 450.00
$ 300.00
Product Details
Features
- Designed in Atlanta, Georgia
- Fixture is constructed of metal
- (4) 60 watt maximum candelabra (E12) Incandescent bulbs required
- 120" of adjustable chain included
- UL rated for dry locations
- Covered under a 1 Year manufacturer warranty
Dimensions
- Fixture Height: 19-1/2"
- Minimum Height: 23"
- Maximum Hanging Height: 143"
- Width: 11-3/4"
- Product Weight: 6.5 lbs
- Chain Length: 120"
- Wire Length: 180"
- Canopy Height: 3/4"
- Canopy Width:.What's New? October 2021 Paw.com Product Releases
Here at Paw.com, we’re constantly listening and learning from our customers and their furry family. Reviews, emails, and some very cute photos keep us informed on how our customers are liking their pet products, and what we can do to improve them.
Each month, we’re sending out a recap of our monthly releases and product updates to keep our customers informed, and to make sure you don’t miss anything.
Without further ado, here are the Paw.com new releases for October 2021.
Paw.com Product Releases: October 2021
Plaid Blankets PAW-fect for Fall
Our fan-favorite waterproof PupProtector™ throw blankets are now available in plaid prints – PAW-fect for the Fall season.
Made from plush short faux fur on one side and ultra-soft microsuede on the other, this cozy blanket was designed to provide your prized pooch with the ultimate tail-wagging comfort they deserve. The cozy plaid blanket comes equipped with an internal waterproof lining to prevent liquids from seeping through and is machine washable for easy cleaning.
Your home decor will look rad in plaid with the newest plaid colors, including blue, grey, and black plaid designs.
Luxuriously Soft Velvet Waterproof Pet Blankets
You asked, we delivered! Our waterproof and scratch-proof PupProtector™ throw blankets are now available in stylish, ultra-soft velvet!
Your furry friend will stay cozy with this stylish and chic blanket. Made from ultra-soft velvet on one side and plush sherpa on the other, our innovative blanket is designed as a waterproof, machine washable, cozy and great looking option to protect your couch, bed, and other areas from pet hair, dirt, spills and scratching damage.
Just in time for the Holidays, this colorfully comfy blanket also comes in red and green, which will make this year’s holiday extra festive and cozy.
Onto November
That concludes our October product release recap. Check out all of the products listed above, and keep an eye out for anything new released in the coming month. Look for our November recap at the end the month as well. If you’d like to learn more about our products or want some resources on pet health, home decor and more, visit our blog.
Share this article
written byTree-O-Frame Hammock System | by Treble Hammocks
All hammock enthusiasts that enjoy camping with friends and family often find themselves in a situation where they can’t find the perfect spot for the group. Treble Hammocks’ Tree-O-Frame is a thoughtful solution for hanging three hammocks in one place. It is a webbing frame that is designed to strap around trees. The trees can be anywhere up to 30 feet apart. All you need is three of them, and they do not need to be evenly set apart.
The system allows several hammocks to be connected to each other
It is easy to reconfigure it since not everyone has the same weight and not all trees are the same distance. It also has an easy setup. The straps loop around the trees and connect to the webbing frame strap, all connected to the center O-ring. It has longer and shorter straps so you can mount the hammocks really close together or farther apart.
The frame can hang just one hammock, or they can be stacked, making a hammock colony in the woods. Each frame can support up to 800 pounds, so if you have a larger hammock, more people can join. If you set your hammocks close to each other, it makes it easier to socialize. You can reach out to people, play cards, share food and drink. watch video below
With the Tree-O-Frame you can suspend in mid air in the middle of nowhere where otherwise not possible
Daily Newsletter
Subscribe to Jebiga for a dose of the best in gear, design, rides, tech and adventure.Table of contents ☰
how wealthy was jeff bezos parents - Related Questions
What happened to Jeff Bezos biological father?
The biological father of Jeff is Ted, born on October 10th, 1944 in Chicago. Originally from New Mexico, he moved to Glendale, Arizona after staying there for a while. Until his death, he lived there for the rest of his life.
Is Jeff Bezos born.
Did Jeff Bezos get money from his parents?
His parents invested $300,000 in Amazon with the money they gave him. There was a 70% probability that Amazon would fall on its face or go bankrupt, he warned early investors.
What kind of family was Jeff Bezos born into?
There was no money in Jeff Bezo's family when he was born. the family ranch in Cotulla, Texas, early in his life. He graduated summa cum laude from Princeton University in 1986 with a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering.KEY POINTS
- The shooter and a fellow student killed one teenager and injured eight others at a Denver, Colorado high school in 2019
- The 20-year-old was convicted in June of all 46 charges against him, including first-degree murder
- He was also given multiple, 48-year sentences for attempted murder and extreme indifference for the surviving victims
A former high school student was sentenced to life in prison without parole Friday for a 2019 shooting inside a Denver, Colorado high school that killed one teenager and injured eight others.
District Court Judge Theresa Slade also gave Devon Erickson, now 20, multiple, 48-year sentences for attempted murder and extreme indifference for the surviving victims, The Hill reported.
Erickson, along with another student named Alec McKinney, reportedly fired multiple rounds into a classroom at STEM School Highlands Ranch on May 7, 2019, prosecutors said. They killed Kendrick Castillo, an 18-year-old senior who tried to stop the attack, and left eight other students injured.
Survivors of the shooting incident, teachers and family members gave testimonies in court before Erickson's sentence was handed down, 9 News reported. Among them was the deceased's mother, Maria Castillo, who asked the judge to give Erickson the maximum punishment for the death of her son.
“I have been here for every proceeding in this courtroom and looking at this demonic killer, and he shows no remorse,” she was quoted as saying by the outlet. “He deserves no mercy. So today, your honor, I ask you for the maximum sentence for this evil killer.”
Erickson was convicted in June of all 46 charges against him, including first-degree murder, according to the Associated Press. He faced a mandatory life sentence since he was already 18 at the time of the shooting.
McKinney was sentenced to life in prison last year. He was 16 at the time of the attack and could become eligible for parole after about 20 years under a program for juvenile offenders.
According to prosecutors, Erickson and McKinney strategically carried out the shooting. They targeted a classroom of students sitting in the dark as they watched a movie and entered through different doors to make sure they could maximize the number of people they could kill, prosecutors said.
Their plan involved a “victim-hero” angle in which McKinney would either kill himself or be killed by Erickson, according to prosecutors.
The plan went haywire when Erickson's gun jammed after he fired multiple times. This allowed Castillo and two other students, Joshua Jones and Brendan Bialy, to overpower Erickson, while McKinney was apprehended by a school security guard.
Nicholson Collier Ph.D.
Staff Member
Global Security Sciences Division
Argonne National Laboratory and University of Chicago
Nicholson Collier, Ph.D., is a software engineer in the Global Security Sciences Division of Argonne National Laboratory and a staff member at the Computation Institute of the University of Chicago and Argonne. He has over 15 years experience in designing and implementing simulation frameworks and applications for government agencies, private industry and academia as well as prior experience in database development. Dr. Collier’s primary focus is on simulation toolkit design and implementation and the design and implementation of models using such. He was one of the original designers and the first lead developer of the Repast simulation toolkit and continues as part of the development team as well as being the lead developer of Repast HPC an agent-based simulation framework for high performance computing platforms.
Research:
Designing and implementing parallel and distributed agent-based models, with an epidemiological focus.
Education:
Ph.D. Philosophy of Religions, University of Chicago, Chicago, IL, 1998.
BA. Religion, Bates College, 1990
Research Interests:
Agent-based Simulation
High Performance Computing
Unstructured Data MiningOur blog is dedicated to news on the Mobile Gaming market as well as the Economy. The purpose is to inform our subscribers about the Mobile Gaming market.
Wednesday, June 20, 2012
Fed Weighs Move to Take Mortgage Rates Even Lower
The Federal Reserve’s policy-making committee meets today and Wednesday to decide whether the economy could use another boost. Threats from the ongoing debt crisis in Europe, a dismal U.S. job report in May, low inflation, and dropping consumer prices has shaken the U.S.’s economic recovery in recent weeks. Some analysts speculate that the Fed will decide at its policy meeting to extend Operation Twist, a plan in which the Fed has sold short-term securities in order to buy up longer-term bonds in an effort to reduce long-term interest rates. The move has set out to increase borrowing and spending. Operation Twist is set to expire in two weeks. Some analysts expect the Fed will decide to extend Operation Twist and try to lower already record-low mortgage rates even more to help lift the housing market, the Associated Press reports. But others are skeptical that lowering rates any more would provide much boost to the economy. The lower rates may not provide any more motivation for consumers to act, they say, and those who have not been able to qualify for more stringent lending standards in recent years will still be shut out. "I think Fed officials will send a pretty decisive signal that they are prepared to provide more support to boost economic growth and lower unemployment," Brian Bethune, economics professor at Gordon College in Massachusetts, told the Associated Press. Source: “As Fed Holds Policy Meeting, Many Await Possible Action to try to Lower Rates and Aid Economy,” The Associated Press (June 19, 2012) and “With Risks for Growth Still Hazy, Fed to Weigh New Aid,” The New York Times (June 18, 2012)
Posted by Unknown at 1."We Change Lives and Give Hope"
3324 Route 940, Suite 105
Mt. Pocono, Pennsylvania
Reliable Supportive Home Care
Philosophy
The directors of Reliable Supportive Home Care have always held the philosophy that they are in business to provide reliable and supportive care tailored to the client’s needs as well as others who need in-home care while giving total respect to the caregiving staff. It is our belief that our team should have the very best in training and support so that elderly clients will receive excellent, satisfying care wherever the need exists. That is why Reliable Supportive Home Care is the choice agency in Pennsylvania and the counties it serves.
Meet Tanya and Aubyn Rashford, the owners of Reliable Supportive Home Care LLC.
We are very committed, hands on owners that enjoy caring for people, and employing and retaining quality and compassionate caregivers. We have a combined 30+ years’ experience in Business ownership and home care experience. Aubyn was born and bred in Port Antonio Portland, Jamaica attending Port Antonio Primary, Titchfield High. Tanya is originally from St. Andrew, Jamaica and Tanya graduated from LCCC. Degrees include a A.A. in Arts, Social Work, and Aubyn has his experiences and licensure in Investments, and Real Estate. We strive to make sure you have the best experience possible with Reliable Supportive Home Care. Give us a call today as we would love to assist you and your family. (272) 219-0900Jireh | Elevation Worship & Maverick City Choose Your Desired Option(s) × Purchase Checkout Added to cart Share this:TweetMoreTelegramWhatsApp Purchase Checkout Added to cart 0 Downloads Share Now! Related Products No posts were found. Same Contributor CONCERT PICTURES Free CHIOMA JESUS x MERCY CHINWO – OKEMMUO (OFFICIAL VIDEO) Free Discovering Identity GEOFFREY BINGHAM Free Featured Products Secrets of the Secret Place – Bob Sorge Free 100% Answered Prayer – Dag Heward-Mills Free God of Love 2021 New Love Hallmark Movies 2021 FreeCalling Dr. Death (1943)
A doctor is not sure if..
Spirit Untamed (2021)
Lucky Prescott’s life i..
Us Again (2021) [4K]
An elderly couple regai..
Us Again (2021)
An elderly couple regai..
PAW Patrol: The Movie (2021)
Ryder and the pups are ..
National Lampoon’s Vacation (1983)
The Griswold family’s c..
The Thief of Bagdad (1940)
After being tricked and..
Arlo the Alligator Boy (2021)
A young humanoid alliga..
The Night Stalker (1972)
An abrasive Las Vegas n..
The Phantom Creeps (1939)
A military intelligence..
Safety Last! (1923)
A boy leaves his small ..
America: The Motion Picture (2021)
A chainsaw-wielding Geo..
Wonder Woman 1984 (2020)
Diana must contend with..
Black Widow (2021)
Natasha Romanoff confro..
Bedazzled (1967)
A hapless loser sells h..
Dune (2021)
Feature adaptation of F..
The Mitchells vs the Machines (2021)
A quirky, dysfunctional..
Trollhunters: Rise of the Titans (2021)
The heroes from the Tro..
Evil Dead II (1987)
The lone survivor of an..
Evil Dead (2013)
Five friends head to a ..
Bound (1996)
Tough ex-con Corky and ..
The Mummy’s Ghost (1944)
Kharis the mummy is giv..
Friday the 13th: The Final Chapter (1984)
After being announced d..
Friday the 13th Part III (1982)
Jason Voorhees stalks a..Registered with number 04058607 twenty one years ago, 04058607 Limited had been a private limited company until March 15, 2016 - the time it was officially closed. The firm's latest mailing address was The Beehive City Place, The Beehive Ring Road Gatwick. The company was known under the name Lyndhurst Uk up till September 17, 2015 when the name was replaced.
Peter J. was the following firm's managing director, designated to this position 13 years ago.HandyManKev
- Holsworthy
- Member since Sep 2018
- 16 feedback comments, 100% positive
Start your project
Invite HandyManKev to provide you with a quote and enjoy all the benefits of posting a job on MyBuilder.
I have been a handyman since 2015 and a dedicated DIY enthusiast all my adult life. Over many years I have built up the skills, tools and experience to complete virtually all minor/medium sized installation or maintenance tasks for both domestic and commercial properties. I pride myself on completing every job to the highest standard and getting the details right.
Trades
- Handyman
- Garden Maintenance
About HandyManKev
Minor plumbing, electrical, carpentry, painting & decorating, kitchen fitting, tiling and basic garden services.
EG replacing/installing taps, wastes, sinks, sockets, switches, light fittings, door handles, kitchen units, skirting boards, architraves, bathroom fittings, sliding door wardrobes, floor tiles, wall tiles, flat pack assembly, picture hanging, shelving, door easing, cat flaps, stud walls, decorating, restoration.By Meagan Bonner
Staff Reporter
In June of 2017 you’ll find a few more icons on your keyboard that weren’t there
before. Yet, what do students at Sacred Heart University prefer? Emojis or Bitmojis?
“I love Bitmojis. I don’t have an iPhone, but I use a ton of Bitmojis on my Snapchat, way more than Emojis,” said senior Marcus Richer.
Bitmojis are a character that you can create with the Bitmoji app that can look like you, dress like you and act like you via text message and now on Snapchat as well. A Bitmoji is your own personal Emoji.
Bitmojis are updated more frequently than Emojis are. To get one all you have to do is download the app, create your own Bitmoji and access them onto your keyboard through your settings.
Both androids and iPhone’s can use the Bitmoji app.
“I use Emojis all the time. I do use Bitmojis a lot and I love my Bitmoji, but I use
Emojis in daily text and Bitmojis I use in some, specific moments,” said junior Alejandra Perez.
According to NBC Connecticut’s website, when the new Emojis come out this June they will feature ones like a mermaid, a merman, vampires, zombies, a brain, dinosaurs, a pretzel, a zebra, tomato soup can and a face with a monocle.
“I think Emojis are used more frequently because they’re easier to access and quicker to respond,” said junior Lauren Pelster. “Bitmojis are a lot more specialized and there are much more options compared to Emojis. Bitmojis feel more personal. I love both though.”
Now celebrities are creating their own Emojis for people to use. These Emojis look like the celebrities and have the same facial expressions just like the Emojis you love.
Celebs and star athletes like Kim Kardashian, Jimmy Fallon, Conor McGregor, Justin Bieber, Aly Raisman and Michael Phelps all have their own Emoji apps to name a few.
They Emojis also have clever names like “Kimojis,” which refer to Kim Kardashian.
“I actually have the Jimojis downloaded on my iPhone and keyboard,” said junior Dani Fitzpatrick. “I love Jimmy Fallon so I figured why not. They crack me up and they have faces that relate to skits that he does on his late night show.”
Disney now has their own Emoji’s and Emoji app as well. The Emoji’s include characters like Elsa, Simba, Wreck-It-Ralph, Ariel, Peter Pan, Tinker Bell and many more.
Not only does Disney have Emoji’s, but they also have an app that’s a game based off their Emoji’s called Emoji Blitz.
“I feel like they are mostly the same,” said senior Dylan Moore. “I like Bitmoji on Snapchat because it’s a way to keep the convo going. I just use Emojis for test and
Bitmojis for Snapchat.”There are reports online claiming face unlock on the new Samsung Galaxy S10 isn't working as securely as expected, with news of handsets unlocking after scanning a face of someone other than the owner.
In fact it appears the Galaxy S10 facial recognition technology can be fooled by using a video of the owner, as shown by Unbox Therapy and tested by The Verge.
It's a worrying trait but, according to Samsung, face unlock exists chiefly to help expedite access to your device, with the fingerprint sensor a more secure option for those concerned with privacy.
- Read our in-depth Samsung Galaxy S10 Plus review
- We're also working on our Samsung Galaxy S10 review
- Have you heard about the foldable Samsung Galaxy Fold?
Samsung sent TechRadar a statement, which reads: ."
Finger is safer than face
Part of the reason face unlock is not as secure as Apple's Face ID is the fact that Samsung doesn't do any 3D face mapping - a key part of making sure the person the phone is looking at is the right one, and also not a video or photo of that person.
Why doesn't it 3D map? Well there's no space for the required sensors to carry this out in the Galaxy S10's design, with the front camera(s) embedded into the screen, rather than in a notch.
There's no word yet on whether Samsung plans to improve the face recognition feature in future software updates, but we've posed the question to the firm and will update this article when we get a response.
In the meantime, if you're concerned about security on your new Galaxy S10, Galaxy S10 Plus or Galaxy S10e, you'll want to utilize that in-display scanner.The UK National Women’s Tournament draw and teams announced
The largest ladies’ tournament in the country is to be played this weekend at Ascot Park Polo Club, the home of the International Women’s Polo Association, founded by Club Director Pippa Grace. Following on from the success of the 2014 summer and winter tournaments, 12 teams have entered to play the two day tournament in three different sections. In the 0-1 goal section the first game of the day on Saturday 21 February will be between Salesforce (Sophie Morrison, Jemma Byrne and Sarah Hotston) and Berkshire Vehicle Sales (Charley Howell, Genevieve Meadows and Yasmin Tatlah), followed by the first game in the 2 goal section between Moor Hall Farm (Charlotte Sweeney, Francesca Smith and Alexandra Edwards) and Alegria (Tatiana Menshenina, Claire Maldonado and Laura Plant). The first game in the 3-4 goal section will be between Black Hound Pink Power (Mandie Beitner, Charlotte Christododoulu and Bryony Tylor) and Mrs. B’s (Charlotte Sweeney, Maxine Betteridge and Georgia Sweeney), followed by the second game in the section between Clarita (Rosie Ross, Saskia Meadows and Saskia Mathias) and Hampshire Polo Club (Heloise Wilson-Smith, Larissa Westall and Lolly Stanhope-White). The penultimate game on the first day will be in the 0-1 goal section with Paradise Farm (Honour Horswell, Christabel Horswell and Lolly Stanhope-White) taking on Women In Polo (Heloise Wilson-Smith, Georgie Wood and Claire Graham). The final game of the day will be between 2 goal teams Las Aguilas (Sophie Granchi, Lucy Bowman with the final player TBA) and Adrenalin Polo (Heather Winsor, Georgie French and Georgiana Crofton). The Finals will be played on Sunday 22 February and Polo Times are supplying a 20th Anniversary Best Playing Pony Rug and sister publication The Polo Magazine has supplied a Most Valuable Player Award for each section. As the debate for women’s handicaps continues the tournament will be played with HPA general handicaps.
Photograph: Yasmin Tatlah in action for last year’s 0-1 goal winners KHHP. By Lucy WilsonEvent & Database Coordinator
The Impact AgencyLos Angeles, CA
Full Time Job
Summary of Position:
The Event & Database Coordinator is an integral role at The Impact Agency tasked with managing and maintaining our company database. Based full-time in Los Angeles, the ideal candidate will assist our LA events team with guest-list and audience seating-chart management, along with onsite will-call (and other miscellaneous event-related tasks in-tandem with the database) for our film and television premieres, special screenings, and tastemaker luncheons in LA.
Job Description:
Organize and continually update our database of contacts.
Manage guest-lists for Los Angeles events, working directly with studio clients and filmmakers to manage ticketing, inputting RSVPs into our database, and distributing on-site details.
Manage seating charts for theaters or restaurant venues.
Lead event Will-Call onsite for Los Angeles screenings, after parties, or luncheons.
**Job description includes but is not limited to the above.
Preferred Qualifications:
Proficiency in Photoshop.
Knowledgeable of filmmakers, upcoming TV & film releases, and the overall entertainment industry/current events.
Qualifications:
Minimum of 2 years of related work experience. Experience in entertainment industry a plus.
Strong organizational skills.
Strong communications and interpersonal skills.
Superior attention to detail.
Ability to multitask and handle multiple events at one time.
Proficiency with PCs, Microsoft Office applications, most notably Excel, and Google Suite.
Ability to be discreet and maintain confidentiality/professionalism.
Available to work traditional West Coast office hours in addition to evening and weekend events.
Please note that EntertainmentCareers.Net uses 'disposable' email addresses in our postings. They change frequently so do not post the contact information outside of EntertainmentCareers.Net as it will likely be invalid.
JOB-376006-AA@entertainmentcareers.net
Employer will only allow resumes sent as an attachment.
Do not send in the body of the email. Apply OnlineTjipueja defends ECN in PDM parly fight
31 August 2021 | Politics
Advocate Notemba Tjipueja, the outgoing chair of the Electoral Commission of Namibia (ECN), has denied claims that she has failed to implement a High Court order to declare eleven ejected Popular Democratic Movement (PDM) members as duly nominated members of parliament.
This is in response to lawyer Norman Tjombe who represents some of the aggrieved parties, who now asked the High Court to compel PDM and the ECN to heed the Court order.
According to Tjombe, the two parties are hiding behind a failed attempt to lodge an appeal at the Supreme Court.
“PDM and ECN are knocking on the doors of the Supreme Court. Their call has not been answered yet and they have not yet been allowed to enter. Whether they will be permitted entrance, is speculative. They seek the suspension or stay of a court order based on speculation,” he said.
Slippery slope
Tjombe added that it does not augur well that two powerful institutions, the official political opposition and a constitutional election management authority, would ignore court orders, for that matter relating to the election of members to the National Assembly.
“It is a dangerous slippery slope into anarchy, which must be arrested forthwith.”
Tjombe asserts further that the ECN’s conduct in this matter is frivolous, unfair, objectionable, unreasonable and unjustifiable.
According to him, Tjipueja should have implemented the court order immediately after the appeal had lapsed.
“Opportunities were afforded for the ECN and PDM to expedite the appeal process, including the applications for condonation and reinstatement. In a wilful disregard for the court order, these opportunities were not taken up.
“A choice had been made and the election was to continue to violate the court order. No serious consideration was given to the correct interpretation of the Rules of the Supreme Court and the impact of ignoring a court order.
“Their attitude is that the Rules of the Supreme Court provides for the 18 Annexure “G” to the applicants’ founding affidavit. withdrawal of an appeal – they have not withdrawn the appeal, and therefore the Rules do not apply to them. In other words, they are above the law,” he said.
On appeal
Tjipueja vehemently denies these claims and instead insist that the matter was indeed lodged with the Supreme Court.
“We have not failed, and I have not failed because the matter is on appeal. I am sure you know that when a matter is on appeal, any order that was given by the High Court cannot be implemented until the Supreme Court has sat on it and given a judgment. So, there is no failure on our part,” she said.
Matti Asino, government attorney on behalf of the ECN, also insists that there is an appeal lodged with the Supreme Court.
“There is an application there in the court and we are just waiting,” he said.
The Office of Judiciary could not give answers in this regard.
Background
After the 2019 elections, in which PDM won its highest political score with 16 seats, the party ejected six members from the gazetted list and replaced them with six new faces that were never gazetted as is required by law.
Those who stand to be removed from the National Assembly, should the electoral court judgement be effected, are Esmeralda !Aebes, Johannes Martin, Kazeongere Tjeundo, Godfrey Mwilima, Timotheus Shihumbu and Pieter Mostert
;}.MsoPapDefault {mso-style-type:export-only; margin-bottom:8.0pt; line-height:107%;}div.WordSection1 {page:WordSection1;}Edmonton, AB – Stucco contractors are a dime a dozen. The process to repair stucco is very time-consuming and labor-intensive. It can be intimidating if one has limited funds and wants to get started. A second challenge is that there are just a lot of small pieces and a lot of labor involved in the process, so it takes longer than it looks like it will.
Stucco is composed of a mix of Portland cement, fine sand called silica sand, and a small amount of lime for water absorption. Portland cement is what holds the mix together. Therefore, it is very important to hire an experienced contractor to assure that replacement mortar is correctly mixed and applied to avoid discoloration and cracking. Several cases were documented when unwitting homeowners had used low-quality grout or mortar that was not intended for use on stucco surfaces. Depend Exteriors is an Industry-Leading Commercial and Residential Stucco Contractor in Edmonton, Alberta.
“Depend Exteriors is a reliable and trustworthy stucco & masonry contractor in Edmonton, offering a wide range of quality services to satisfied clients throughout Edmonton and surrounding areas. With our over 13 years of experience in the industry and family-owned and operated business, we are more than eligible for all your exterior needs. We pride ourselves on providing consistently amazing results and we gladly work with our clients along each step. We will help you decide and understand the process of the service you require.” Said the representative for Depend Exteriors.
Some of the services offered by Depend Exteriors include:
Exterior Insulation and Finish Systems
“Exterior Insulation and Finish Systems” is a term most often used to refer to the use of insulation within the exterior walls of a building. In all wall systems, there are thermal breaks that are designed to inhibit air infiltration into the building envelope. EIFS not only helps in reducing the energy bills but also the home’s overall carbon footprint. The system ensures that the insulation is functioning at optimum capacity.
Stonework and Masonry
With more than 15 years of experience, Depend Exteriors does quality work that reflects a homeowner’s vision and is done on time. The company offers competitive pricing while maintaining a reputation for integrity and customer satisfaction. Customers can see more about Depend Exteriors by visiting the company’s website.
Depend Exteriors knows how important it is to keep the stucco in the best condition, and they’re a team of professionals who know just what needs to be done. They can repair everything from concrete cracking and peeling around windows and doors to deep scratches on stucco walls. The specialists also do a great job of fixing siding leaks, replacing broken window glass, and replacing damaged flashing. No matter what the stucco repair needs are, Depend Exteriors can help.
Depend Exteriors is located at 8615 176 street NW, Edmonton, AB, T5T 0M7, CA. For inquiries, contact the premier stucco contractor via phone at 7807103972 or visit the company’s website for additional information.
Media Contact
Company Name
Depend Exteriors
Contact Name
Hasan Yilmaz
Phone
7807103972
Address
8615 176 Street NW
City
Edmonton
State
AB
Country
Canada
Website
COMTEX_389794648/2737/2021-07-14T09:49:01
Disclaimer: The views, suggestions, and opinions expressed here are the sole responsibility of the experts. No Bulletin Track journalist was involved in the writing and production of this article.idea:
add, search, annotate, link, view, overview, recent, by name, random
meta:
news, help, about, links, report a problem
account:
browse anonymously,
or get an account
and write.
user:
pass: register,
Concept: "Dead Simple" Visible LED for low speed but
realiable communcation, to a smartphone via it's
camera?
(Why
not bluetooth or NFC? Because cost too much)
How is this LED hooked up to the microcontroller? There
is three methods I think should be considered.
1. UART hooked to an single colour LED: Cheap but would
require a UART port (Not easy to bitbang serial), and
requires accurate timing.
2. SPI communication over RGB LED: Bit more expensive
than first option and more PCB area to route (due to two
extra LEDs). [Red, Green, Blue] = [SCLK, MOSI, SS] =
[Clock,Data,Sync]
3. Custom protocol over 2 LED: Bit banging required, but
is clocked via "pulses". E.g. PulsedRed=0,
PulsedGreen=1, RedGreen(Yellow)=Sync , (The
clock is implicit via pulses).
4. I2C over 2 LED: [SCL, SDA] on 2 reds. (Idea from
lurch)
5. RGB LED: Red=Sync, Green=Bit1, Blue=Bit2
I would prefer (3), as it has the benifit of (2)'s clocked
transmission, simplying the reciver's program. While (3)
is not as "dead simple" as (2), it has the advantage of
only needing 2 LEDs, Green and Red. And finally, its
easier to record 1's and 0's from (3) manually via eyeball
if needed, since 1 is green, and red is 0 (At low speed,
e.g. error code).
Both would still be relatively easy to reverse engineer
(sorta futureproofed?).
Forward Error Correction is definately recommended, but
can be optional.
This will be very interesting if smartglasses become
popular enough. Imagine walking though a server room,
and seeing a real time serial feeds when staring at a
mounted server.
-------------
TERMINOLOGY: (SPI:~Serial Peripheral Interface)
(Clock:~ Indicates next bit of data) (Sync:~ Indicates
that a character has transferred) (Data:~ current bit to
transfer)
back:
main indexWhat is beta-alanine?
Beta-alanine is a non-essential amino acid, meaning it is naturally occurring within the human body. Unlike most amino acids beta-alanine is not involved in protein synthesis, it is used to help produce carnosine that is stored in the muscles and has a role in reducing lactic acid build-up during high intensity exercise (Harris et al. 2006).
Does beta-alanine make you run or cycle faster?
As a result of its involvement in producing carnosine to buffer lactic acid, consuming beta-alanine can lead to enhanced sports performance (Saunders et al., 2017). Levels of beta-alanine in your muscles are usually relatively low and therefore the typical production of lactic acid buffering carnosine is limited. Taking on beta-alanine elevates levels in the muscles and therefore increases the production of carnosine (e.g. Harris et al. 2006) to buffer more lactic acid.
How does beta-alanine benefit sports performance?
During high intensity exercise glucose is rapidly broken down, via the process of glycolysis, to quickly produce energy, however the downside of this anaerobic glycolysis is the production of the by-product lactic acid. The body breaks lactic acid down in to lactate, producing hydrogen ions in the process. Hydrogen ions increase the acidity of the muscles and reduces their pH level. Increased muscle acidity starts to hinder further metabolism of glucose, decreasing the energy production capacity of the muscles and resulting in fatigue (Powers & Jackson 2008). Carnosine can buffer the acidic build-up associated with high-intensity exercise and as beta-alanine increases carnosine it helps to reduce fatigue (Harris et al. 2006).
Muscle acidosis typically limits performance during high-intensity exercise and for that reason beta-alanine specifically helps reduce fatigue during short-duration exercise lasting one to several minutes (e.g. Hill et al. 2007; Sale et al. 2010). This makes the use of beta-alanine ideal for sprinting or track and field, pool-based swimming events, team sports and other high intensity disciplines. There is further evidence that beta-alanine helps to increase the time to exhaustion during endurance events (Santana et al., 2018).
Beta-alanine and cycling performance
Beta-alanine has also been shown to improve sprint performance at the end of an endurance cycling race (Van Thienen et al. 2009). This means if you take a Beta Blast Pocket Rocket towards the end of your event, you’re likely to see improvement in your sprint finish therefore with beta-alanine cycling endurance will be improved. Based on this logic beta-alanine can improve finishing speed in running events too.
When to use beta-alanine
Beta-alanine is a popular pre-workout nutrition supplements. Taking beta alanine pre-workout can increase the intensity at which you can train or compete, or increase the duration at which you can maintain a given high intensity. Consuming a Beta Blast Pocket Rocket energy bar directly pre-race or before training or will give you the perfect lactic acid buffering boost you need to power through your workout or event.
How much beta-alanine to take
With each Beta Blast Pocket Rocket containing 2g of beta-alanine, two bars will satisfy the widely accepted beta-alanine daily dose of 2–5 grams. If you’re doing a longer duration endurance event a Pocket Rocket Beta Blast energy bar prior to a certain high-intensity section (usually the finish) will also be beneficial.
Does beta-alanine give a tingling sensation?
Be aware of the ‘beta-alanine tingling sensation’… Don’t be alarmed but beta alanine can cause a slight tingle when eaten which is completely normal. Beta-alanine is considered to be a safe and effective supplement to boost exercise performance.
REFERENCES
Spriet LL, Lindinger MI, McKelvie RS, Heigenhauser GJF, Jones NL. Muscle glycogenolysis and H+ concentration during maximal intermittent cycling. J Appl Physiol. 1989;66:8–13..
Santana JO, de Freitas MC, dos Santos DM, Rossi FE, Lira FS, Rosa-Neto JC, Caperuto EC. Beta-Alanine Supplementation Improved 10-km Running Time Trial in Physically Active Adults. Front Physiol. 2018;9:1105.
Saunders B, Elliott-Sale K, Artioli GG, Swinton PA, Dolan E, Roschel H, Sale C, Gualano B. Beta-Alanine supplementation to improve exercise capacity and performance: A systematic review and meta-analysis. British Journal of Sports Med. 2017 Apr; 51(8):658-669.
Powers SK, Jackson MJ (2008) Exercise-induced oxidative stress: cellular mechanisms and impact on muscle force production. Physiol Rev 88:1243–1276
Sale C, Saunders B, Harris RC. Effect of beta-alanine supplementation on muscle carnosine concentrations and exercise performance. Amino Acids. 2010;39:321–333.
Van Thienen R, Van Proeyen K, Vanden Eynde B, Puype J, Lefere T, Hespel P. Beta-alanine improves sprint performance in endurance cycling. Med Sci Sports Exerc. 2009;41:898–903.disease
Vaccine mandates
Vaccine mandates
Vaccine risk reduction
COVID- 19: Vaccine with ‘double punch’ in progress
UK insists AstraZeneca vaccine is effective against South African variant of Covid – BBC News
Prescribing Nature for Health | Nooshin Razani | TEDxNashville
Coronavirus and Mental health problems
Americas update and vaccine development
Mental health
UN warning about mental health, Sorry, technical problem at the end of this video, part 2 to follow. more- Development & Aid
- Economy & Trade
- Environment
- Human Rights
- Global Governance
- South-South
- Civil Society
- Gender
Saturday, November 27, 2021
Helda Martínez interviews Colombian human rights activist MARCO ROMERO
BOGOTA, Jun 10 2011 (IPS) - Human rights groups and small farmers’ associations will keep close watch in Colombia to make sure the new Victims’ and Land Restitution Law, signed by President Juan Manuel Santos Friday, is effectively implemented.
Marco Romero, president of the Consultancy on Human Rights and Displacement (CODHES). Credit: Helda Martínez/IPS
But while it has been widely welcomed, the new law has also drawn calls for effective enforcement.
The new legislation paves the way for legal titles to be restored to the original owners of lands misappropriated mainly by far-right paramilitaries with the support of large landowners.
The law sets a 10-year deadline for the restitution of the rights of more than five million victims displaced from their rural property, and of nearly seven million hectares of land that were seized from or abandoned by owners who fled the violence.
In the implementation of the Victims’ and Land Restitution Law “there are risks, because the social services and housing subsidies to which the average Colombian has a right cannot be considered reparations,” says Marco Romero, president of the Consultancy on Human Rights and Displacement (CODHES), a leading Colombian human rights group.
Q: What is the key feature of the Victims and Land Restitution Law? A: First, the recognition of the state’s responsibility towards the victims of the guerrillas, paramilitaries and government agents.
This is a major achievement in a country that tends towards cynicism, where rights are only halfway vindicated and reality is denied, along the lines of what former president (Álvaro) Uribe did. For Uribe the aim was to combat subversion by ignoring the victims, refusing to respect international humanitarian law, and denying that forced displacement exists, calling the victims merely “migrants”.
The restitution of land is also important. The state has recognised that people were massively dispossessed of 6.6 million hectares of land, and that this is the magnitude of the challenge.
Q: And the main shortcomings of the law? A: That in its design, it has fallen short with respect to reflecting international treaties and principles. Furthermore, in its implementation there are risks, because the social services and housing subsidies to which the average Colombian has a right cannot be considered reparations. Full reparations must be guaranteed.
According to our estimates, the reparations would represent a sum equivalent to 40 million dollars, without counting the moral damages.
It’s true that virtually no society could afford to pay the entire amount, but we must come as close as possible, because the victims deserve, for themselves and their children, education, including higher education, decent housing and incomes, and opportunities to contribute to society by moving out of the informal economy.
Q: In your view, what limitations will have to be overcome to implement the law? A: The law’s main enemy, ‘Uribismo’ (the pro-Uribe faction in politics) must be isolated, and the commitment of other political parties must be secured. In addition, Colombian society, which at times is autistic, must take on responsibility and learn about the issue, without flippantly stating that the victims are asking for too much.
Furthermore, the victims must be accompanied, especially in rural areas, because the restitution of land is taking place amidst the bullets.
Q: Is there a possibility of victims receiving reparations more than once? A: Yes. This is a dilemma, because restitution of land in the midst of the internal armed conflict makes it impossible to guarantee that no one will receive reparations more than once. As long as the conflict continues, the violation of rights is always possible.
Q: Will the Constitutional Court rule on this point and others, including United Nations recommendations? A: Because this is an ordinary law, the president has the authority to issue decrees to regulate the law in the next six months, on 15 different aspects, including the participation of displaced populations, the reparations programme, and the upgrading of the ombudsperson’s office, which will increase its capacity to accompany and support the victims.
The Constitutional Court would have a role to play in possible lawsuits. For that reason, in this six-month period, we have to closely monitor compliance with the law, in which social participation and mobilisation will be crucial.
But I do think that any ruling will be positive, because in the last 20 years the Court has shown that it safeguards rights and their protection.
Q: What do human rights organisations demand of the government with respect to how the reparations will be sustained in budgetary terms? A: We are asking for the issue to be discussed with experts who have an open mentality, because the neoliberals, including the minister of finance and public credit, Juan Carlos Echeverri, say there is no money, although they continue to pay out generous subsidies to ethanol producers and flower exporters, among others.
Comparatively, Colombia is a fiscal paradise. Which means it is possible to tap into financial capital, and to also obtain resources from those who push for free trade treaties, which should contribute to the costs of the reparations.
In human development reports we are always ranked as the second or third most unequal country in the Americas. So we ask: why so much generosity towards the rich, but not towards the victims?
Q: Will 10 years be enough, or will this sink into oblivion before then? A: That’s another challenge. Because we have the experience of law 387, of 1997 (on the prevention of forced displacement), that spent seven years in court proceedings, which led the Constitutional Court to hand down sentence 025 on the systematic failure to comply with a state-sanctioned law.
It’s a risk. But one humanitarian consideration is that the victims who are in a state of utter poverty cannot wait 10 years, because it would be inhumane. If the state does not live up to this, the vulnerability of the victims will be itsMessika Angel Between the Finger - Size M
Click Image for Gallery
Messika Angel Between the Finger
To be worn between the index and ring fingers in line with the neo-jewellery trend, diamond ring stirs up a precious spirit of freedom...
Features of the jewel:
- Reference: Angel Entre les Doigts diamond ring
- Gold weight: 12.50 g
- Diamond weight: 4.50 carats, EF/VS quality
- Ring width: 57 mm (size M) – Also available in an S version (53 mm).
- The Angel Entre les Doigts diamond ring is also available in yellow gold, pink gold and black gold on request.
Also available in yellow gold and rose goldHot rolled reinforcement bar
Sizes
Other tolerances:
- According to BS 6744 and UNE 36067
- According to DIN 488 and UNE 36068 for geometrical
and mechanical properties
Short bars: ≤5%
Specifiacions of some of the products may vary depending on grades and finishes. Other specificaions or sizes on request.
Mechanical properties (for guidance only)
Important
Data subject to changes according to international standards and working practices.
Other grades on request: customer.service@acerinox.com<<
Is Disability Income Taxable?
The IRS Has Announced 2022 Amounts for Health Savings Accounts
Claiming the Business Energy Credit for Using Alternative Energy
Business vs. Hobby: The Tax Rules Have Changed
Tax News Briefing – Unrelated Business Income Tax (UBTI) Updates
Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement
The New Deal on Employee Meals (and Entertainment)
Raised Casualty Floor and Modified Threshold for 2016 Disaster Losses
Building community and spending time with Church family is important to us at Millmead.
Do contact the Church Office if you would like further information about any of the groups below.
Special Needs Outreach
We are a group for people with additional needs, meeting on the third Sunday of the month in the afternoon. Join us for worship, Bible teaching, activities and afternoon tea.
Young Adults
We are a group of young adults between the ages of 18 and mid-20s. We gather on a Tuesday night for Bible study and prayer. New faces are always welcome – we’d love to meet you!
20s & 30s
We host a variety of social events throughout the year from summer BBQs to film nights and weekends away. We also like to meet on Sunday evenings before the service.
Las Amigas
An outreach and discipleship group for Latin Americans in Guildford.
Survivors
Have you survived to the milestone age of 40? Then you qualify! Survivors meet up once a month to socialise, with food and other activities.
NewFocus
We are a group of retired folk who meet fortnightly on Wednesdays for activities, to listen to a talk, to pray, and to enjoy fellowship.
Millmead Mariners
We camp each year at Cobnor, on the edge of Chichester Harbour. Contact the Church Office for details.Direct from the sunny hills of California, an email landed in my inbox. Something to the tune of “go back where you came from”, “kill yourself”, and some other unpleasant sentiments. How do I know it came from California? Oh, because the sender had his work address in his signature, complete with his name and even a contact number. When people want to send you hate, they don’t care about anonymity. I’ve even tried video calling some of my trolls on Instagram and yes, they pick up. They aren’t afraid to show their names, their faces, or in some cases their work places. Let’s not forgetthe maths teacher who sent abuse to footballer Marcus Rashford and did so from a Twitter account that included his name and job. While some of the trolls, jarred by the imminent prospect of being face-to-face with their subject, declined my calls, others brazenly answered. And once they had seen that I was an actual person and not just a name online, I hung up on them without saying a word. Following the .. Full story on huffingtonpost.co.uk$28.00
Aluminum Track 1” x 48”
- Inventory ID: 26175
- Condition rating scale: Used; 3 / 5 - Good – small cosmetic flaws
- Quantity: 1
- Zip/Postal Code: 93001
- Listed: May 31, 2021 11:15 pm
- Expires: This ad has expired
Description
Aluminum Track 1” x 48”
$28.00
Make 50% Deposit
SKU: 26175
145 total views, 1 today
You must be logged in to inquire about this ad.
Other items listed by mikescms
- FOLDING WOOD 6 STEP LADDER
- GPS LOCK
- Fender Holder 6 1/2”
- Lewmar Self Tailing Winch 30ST Damaged
- Todd Pedestal 14” to...Estate planning used to be imagined as a luxury-expense only the rich can afford. That thought process has changed now, evident by the number of middle-class families who have started estate planning. Estate planning includes the designation of heirs to a decedent’s assets, whether it is a house or a stock portfolio. If left up to the court, the distribution of assets would not reflect the true intentions and motives of the deceased. Hence, families exposed to future financial planning prepare and secure themselves in the event an earning member or the family dies.
Reasons for Having an Estate Plan
Estate Plans give individuals assurity; their assets will not be squandered and distributed in a haphazard manner. Read the following section for why estate planning is essential to invest in:
- It’s reflective of how you would want to distribute your property.
- Minors can inherit your wealth. You get assurance that they will be financially secure.
- Estate plans: protect your loved ones from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).
- Fashioning an Estate Plan involves transfer of assets in a manner which reduces federal taxes, state inheritance tax, etc. on your loved ones.
If an estate plan is not detailed then there can be potential disputes in the event of an individual’s death. Remember to always invest in a detail-oriented plan. A family is prone to bouts of aggression if your estate is divided in a manner which does not do justice to the role they have played in your life. Without an estate plan, the distribution of your assets will be in the way of Intestacy laws.
The Value of a Valid Will
The value of a valid will is described best using Intestacy laws. Dying without a will means that the legal courts gain temporary possession of the decedent’s property. It is then the courts get the task of distributing the property equally amongst heirs. The only problem that arises when an individual dies intestate is that the court will not know how to distribute the property in a manner which the decedent would transfer it.
Dying intestate means that your intestate inheritors may not be able to receive any of your assets, or your estate, or a long time. Furthermore, to avoid the messiness of the Probate process, hiring an attorney as a Bailee under the will is imperative to do. It also ensures that the will gets recognition as a legal document of relevance.
An attorney with a strong foundation in UPC (Uniform Probate Code) clauses can help you draft a concrete will which is error-less and is straightforward and easy to comprehend. At the end of the day, your Will acts as a shield for your spouse and your children. Not investing in a good plan will be consequential for your family. They will have to fight to determine which family member entitled to which asset.
Estate Planning Essentials
Find below a list of legal documentation and items every estate plan needs to have in order to ensure the Probate process moves along smoothly:
- The Written Will or a Trust.
- The durable power of attorney.
- Beneficiary designations.
- Letter of Intent.
- Healthcare power of attorney.
- Guardianship Designations.
Final Thoughts
Taking into consideration the above mentioned tips, one can see how necessary it is to have a legal representative. He/she will carry out your Will in the event of your death. Investing in an estate plan, therefore, is an expensive decision. Yet it is necessary in order to guarantee your family members immunity from the trouble which will ensue after your death. This documentation is also essential to specifically stipulate clauses for certain contingencies. This includes the adult beneficiaries use of the inherited property.
Additionally, a power of attorney is a form of validity which verifies that a family is indeed being represented by a lawyer. In this instance, a family’s hired attorney does not exist in the eyes of any legal court. A beneficiary designations and guardianship designations are similar to the power of attorney. They are the legal proof that these designations exist.
Families have always had the impression that creation and formulation of a will is an arduous process. They think it will drain more resources than it will help their family recover. However, this attitude has recently shifted. Today, more and more people are willing to accept that making a valid Will, which is, in fact, a form of investing for your family and children. Guarantee your children inheritance property and start strategizing estate plans today.Nicholas Brooks
Reporter
:no_upscale()/s3.amazonaws.com/arc-authors/gray/1f81ba5a-eaa0-4058-bbf2-03dd9a5448e6.jpg)
Nicholas Brooks was born in Meridian and has been a life-long fan of WTOK. Nicholas is thrilled to be a part of the news team. He graduated from West Lauderdale High in 2016. Nicholas is currently working to earn his bachelor's degree in broadcasting. He enjoys reading, traveling, enjoying new food, meditating, and making motivational videos. His favorite book is Conversation with God by Neale Donald Walsch.
Education
Updated: Oct. 11, 2021 at 4:07 PM CDT|
By Nicholas Brooks
A Meridian woman was kidnapped and taken from her home.
Updated: Aug. 9, 2021 at 5:41 PM CDT|
By Nicholas Brooks
The family of the 5-year-old boy who was killed in an apparent drive-by shooting Saturday morning is searching for information leading to the shooter’s arrest.
Updated: Jul. 12, 2021 at 6:58 PM CDT|
By Nicholas Brooks
Dogs and cats abandoned on the side of the road, dumped, and left to die.Boyfriends
Updated February 11, 2017 | Infoplease Staff limitations.
.com/ipea/0/1/9/5/4/7/A0195472.html
See also:
Trending
Here are the facts and trivia that people are buzzing about.About the Film
3Conversations in April is an experimental short that
attempts to capture a moment in time and place during the coronavirus pandemic.
The film is the series of recordings made of the first phone calls I ever made to my brother, a man with autism and severe cognitive disabilities, and a sweet and patient disposition. I placed twice daily calls to my brother, Alan, after he was diagnosed with Covid19 and relocated to his bedroom, in complete isolation. My brother is now well into his senior years, pushing 70. But as I gave him ever cheerier pep talks from my apartment in Brooklyn, I couldn’t know whether he would be able to grasp who it was that was speaking — whether it was his sister, whose voice he was hearing at the other end of the phone for the first time. me quietly pacing in my own self-isolating space.
Actions to take in support of people with autism and developmental disabilities will be a part of the film’s outreach.
Awards
Semi Finalist • Indie Shorts (Los Angeles)
Finalist • Online Isolation Short Videos (Moscow)
Best Documentary • Hong Kong National Film Festival
Screenings
Contact us for more info on how non-profits and agencies can view the film, click here
AUCD, American University of Conferences on Disability, November 15 - 17
Sibling Leadership Network
Live screening Cooking Demo and Live Q&A
Care Design NY
Live screening and discussion
Festivals
Angaelica Film Festival (Los Angeles, CA) December 21-31, 2021
Rockland in Motion (Rockland County, NY) December 21-January 1
The Hong Kong National Film Festival November 5 - 7
The Alder Film Festival 2021 (Chicago, IL)
Champion Film Festival-Official Selection (Frisco, TX)
Isolation Short Video Festival (Moscow)
ZShorts Plus international Film Festival (Santa Barbara, CA)
Indie Shorts (Los Angeles, CA)
5th Rosarito International Film Festival (Los Angeles, CA)
Margate Bookie Film Festival (Margate England)
The Team
Producer/Director, Susan Hamovitch. Read more
Videographer, Braulio Jatar.
Sound Designer, James Redding III. James has become one of the leading sound designers in the field. His productions as sound editor and special effects editor have included The Queens Gambit, The Americans, 30 Rock and many more. He is currently on the faculty of NYU’s film department.
Production associate; assistant editor, Chloe Bowman
Above the Line talent
Marjorie Bryant, all three direct care staff members Patrice, Sarah, Eugenie
Jeremy Rudick, brother
Goueadala Marius, voice of staff
Testimonials
The story you told about not only your relationship but
also how people with disabilities have been overlooked
was perfectly balanced. This documentary really made
an impact
Ben Bowles — Organizer, Margate Bookie Film Festival, 2021
Susan Hamovitch’s 11-minute film, the tender but morally firm "3 Conversations in April,” opens a window to the world of siblings, as experienced during the pandemic at her brother Alan's group home. It sort of broke my heart. That said, I really mean it
when I say: Enjoy.
Judith Karasik — co-author of The Ride Together,
A Brother and Sister's Memoir of Disability in the Family.
It's a gem — beautiful, poignant, evocative of covid springtime… Sarah Benesch — author
Susan Hamovitch has a gift for making imaginative and stirring personal documentaries. Her sensitivity, concern, and profound commitment to her brother permeate the film. She is also able to subtly insert a few apt critical political remarks about the treatment of people with special needs. The film should get shown widely
Leonard Quart —film critic and editor, Cineaste
Susan Hamovitch’s 3 Conversations in April poignantly portrays the filmmaker’s struggle to connect with her brother Alan who is nonverbal, COVID-positive, and quarantined in a group home during the height of the pandemic. Her deep concern and the group home staff’s heroic efforts are a moving testimony to sisterly love and the challenges of providing quality care to the most vulnerable members of our community.
Don Meyer is the Founder of the Sibling Support Project and the creator of Sibshops. Don created SibTeen Sib20, and SibNet, online communities for brothers and sisters which allow thousands of siblings from around the world to connect with their peers.Both siblings strip completely nude, the sister masturbates her brother then the siblings engage in incestuous sex from the front and the rear.
Marimar Vega in nude scene from Daniel and Ana which was released in 2009.
.
This site contains adult content and is intended for adults aged 18 plus.
The second of three children of actor Gonzalo Vega.
She shows us her tits and ass in sex scene.In the midst of “Fair” Trade Month, the House of Representations passed a misguided bill entitled Currency Reform for Fair Trade Act of 2010 by a vote of 348-79 last week. Supporters of the protectionist bill likely believe that China is manipulating its currency to artificially lower the price of Chinese goods imported in the United States. If approved by the Senate and President Obama, the law would allow the Obama administration to raise tariffs on Chinese imports. According to Heritage Foundation Fellow Derek Scissors, the value of Chinese currency has not significantly impacted the US economy:.
The fears surrounding the Chinese Yuan are largely unfounded. Since bilateral trade deficits are admittedly meaningless, a reduced deficit will not mean more American jobs. Dr. Scissors further states that:.
During economic downturns, Americans are unfortunately more likely to become skeptical of free trade. Yesterday, the Wall Street Journal reports that 53 percent of Americans wrongly believe that free trade has hurt the US economy. This simply is not the case.
As philosopher George Santayana said “those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it.” Similar to our current economic woes, the Great Depression was largely created by the Federal Reserve’s interference in the economy. Unfortunately, Congress wrongly blamed foreign trade for our past economic troubles by passing the misguided Smoot-Hawley Tariff Act of 1930.
It is believed that the protectionist Smoot-Hawley Tariff Act which raised U.S tariffs to record levels severely prolonged the Great Depression. Studies by economic professors Douglas Irwin, Mario Crucini and James Kahn found these tariffs directly reduced imports by 4 to 8 percent and decreased U.S GNP by 2 percent in the 1930’s. According to The Freeman, a publication by the Foundation for Economic Education:.
In retaliation to the Smoot-Hawley’s punishing tariffs in the 1930’s, many of America’s trading partners ended up imposing high tariffs of their own against American goods. The New York Times even warns that China may also react in similar ways to current proposed tariff increases:.
Punishing China by raising U.S tariffs will likely do more harm than good. Ultimately, high tariffs will get passed on to American consumers in the form of higher prices for goods. If China retaliates by buying goods from elsewhere, American exporters will be hurt in the process. Instead, we should strive to have freer trade with all countries to promote innovation and freedom. As classical economist Adam Smith stated in the Wealth of Nations:
That trade which, without force or constraint, is naturally and regularly carried on between any two places is always advantageous.
If we want to live in a free nation, we must allow individuals to voluntarily trade their goods with whomever they desire which will also increase productivity and wealth.Published inWhat is an ACHtransfers Digital Check?
A Digital Check combines the form and functionality of an Paper Check, and eCheck and ACH all into one. 1) They can be securely sent out over email, printed out on a home printer and deposited into most financial institutions, 2) An image of this check can be captured on a typical consumers cell phone and using their bank or credit union software app, automatically deposited into their account, 3) By simply clicking a button next to the Digital Check and verifying their bank information, can be instantly converted into an Automated Clearing House (ACH) transaction and deposited into the consumers account, as well as 4) Using ACHtransfers propriety platform, in the case the payee does not have a home printer and the address is provided, can be sent to a Check Printing and Mailing House and mailed out directly to the consumers address.
How the ACHtransfers Digital Check System works
Its as simple as:
- Enter recipients email(and as an option, their mailing address), name, & amount into our secure admin or transmit the data directly through our API
- ACHtransfersdirectly emails your payee the Digital Check
- Your payee can use one of the aforementioned methods to securely and conveniently deposit the check into their banking institution
- Print the Check out on their home printer and deposit it
- Print and take an image of the check using their cell phone and their financial institutions software to deposit the check.
- Instantly turn the check into an ACH Bank-to-Bank deposit, where the funds are deposited within two business days.
- Choose to get a Paper version of the check mailed out to them
ACHtransfers Digital Check Platform is changing the way individuals and businesses send and receive payments.
Benefits and Features of ACHtransfers Digital Check Solution
- Send hundreds or thousands of checks almost instantaneously by uploading a CSV file, or automate through our API; all while being able to monitor in real-time receipt of payment via the ACHtransfers dashboard.
- The user interface is as simple as it gets. ACHtransfers.
- Customers of Digital Checks can confirm their account records in real-time by logging into their financial institutions’ website. So, this means there is no reason to go looking to find your routing or account numbers.
Security
- When it comes to digital payments, safety and reliability are critical requirements. ACHtransfers takes every measure to enforce best security standards and practices.
- Payment data is tokenized, movement of data is encrypted, and all data is stored in cloud-based PCI DSS servers.
- ACHtransfers performs regular Type I SOC2 compliance audits, the gold standard of software-as-a-service data security. SOC reports aren’t legally mandated; they’re paid for at company expense and audited by a third CPA Firm.
NEXT-GENERATION DIGITAL PAYMENT TECHNOLOGY
ACHtransfers provides you with the safest, easiest, and fastest way to send a check—all you have to do is click “Send.” Our Digital Check solution take everything you love about checks and combine it with the speed, ease, and security of email.
For over 10 years, ACHtransfers has been providing best-in-class payment solutions to both major and small businesses. Digital Checks are the next generation evolution, offering a combination of security, control, ease and flexibility unmatched by other popular payments methods.Sunset Beach, NC News and Events
No Need to Hibernate! Fun Winter Events Near Sunset Beach
Posted On Monday, December 3, 2018 traf... View the full post »
Awesome New 2019 Vacation Rentals You Have to See!
Posted On Monday, December 10, 2018
Sunset Vacations has the distinct privilege of managing some of the most comfortable and affordable vacation properties on Sunset Beach, NC. We offer a broad spectrum of properties, both in price and accommodations, that are sure to suit every need. We manage around 260 v... »We are the world’s largest gas exporter. Yet, we’re denying ourselves the opportunity to use this gas at home to reduce the cost of energy, create jobs, value-add to products, and fast-track our economic recovery.
We have taken our eyes off the ball and allowed the creation of a broken gas market that is punishing Australian manufacturers and putting our gas security and sovereign economic capacity at risk. It’s no wonder the ACCC is looking closely into the operation of the gas market.
Australian manufacturers simply pay too much for gas. With the right-priced gas, we and our customers can compete with the world, deliver economic wealth and create thousands of highly skilled, well-paid jobs. Without competitively priced gas, Australian industries suffer, jobs disappear and our reliance on imports grows.
There needs to be a change. There needs to be a circuit breaker before it’s too late. Join our Campaign to make gas more accessible, more affordable and more secure for all Australians, as a national priority.
We use cookies to analyse website traffic and optimise your website experience.I have listed a new property at 428 B AVE N in Saskatoon.
Opportunity knocks. Will you answer? Located on a desirable 25' Rm3 zoned lot in Caswell Hill, the future looks bright. This 2 bedroom bungalow is in good shape and boasts many heritage features like original hardwood doors and trim, piano windows and claw foot tub. Home has been upgraded with some new wiring, a kitchen addition and partial Reno, a newer electrical panel, and newer high efficiency furnace and hot water heater. It also has a single detached garage, fully wired with a concrete pad and automatic door opener. Located very close to the downtown core in the desirable Caswell Hill neighbourhood, this property would be perfect for a handy first time buyer or investor looking for a ready to rent holding property.Thu, 05 Nov | Monkshill Farm
Christmas Desserts For the Freezer
Lets help take the strain out of Christmas and get some delicious desserts into the freezeri
Registration is Closed
Time & Location
05 Nov 2020, 10:00 – 13:00
Monkshill Farm, Monkshill Road, Faversham ME13 9EH, UK
About the Event
Christmas is a time to spend with loved ones and although this year it may be different due to the Covid restrictions it will be more important than every to take out the stress and relax. We hope to help with these prepare ahead desserts that you can whip out of the freezer and share with friends and family.
On this course you will make:
Chocolate Fondants with a white chocolate and cranberry centre (mini moulds included)
Mincemeat and a delicious Mincemeat Streusel Tart (tin included)
Spiced Orange Ice Cream Terrine (tin included)
NOTE: Bring a Cool Box with you if you have a long distance to travel
Tea, coffee and pastries on arrival.
Not suitable for a gluten free diet.
Tickets
Price
Quantity
Total
- One person - Half Day Class£80£800£0
Total£0State and federal policymakers are evaluating the cost, fairness and effectiveness of civil contempt as a tool to increase child support payments.
Child tax credits are a hot topic at the state and federal levels. Check out NCSL’s new Child Tax Credit Overview and summary of enacted legislation to better understand this strategy for improving economic mobility among lower- and middle-income families.
Many state and local governments are taking actions related to early childhood development. Learn more Dec. 7 about how state legislators and city and county officials can work together to improve outcomes for young children and their families through collaborative policymaking..
Read highlights from the inaugural Early Childhood Fellows Alumni series. Learn what two policymakers thought about the opportunity to explore early childhood development and well-being through a race and equity lens..Senator Ike Ekweremadu, the three time former president of the senate and senator representing Enugu west senatorial zone on monday the 11th of October, announced that the Assembly members have agreed on a two-pronged strategy to free Mazi Kanu from detention.
The members of the Caucus which is working to end the problem in igbo land, which will simultaneously pursue a political solution that would result in the release of the leader of IPOB, he said.
Ekweremadu who pleaded for assistance from the Igbo Diaspora, expressed his confidence that the strategy will work,.
“I appeal to Igbos in diaspora to tone down on their harsh rhetoric and mind the actions they take on the issue going forward, because they are very influential in the search for security and stability in Igbo land”, Ekweremadu said.
He added that the four factors fueling agitations in various parts of the country are flawed federal system, injustice, poor management of the nation’s diversity, failure of the federal government to secure lives and property, and needless clampdown on self-determination agitators.
The solution, he suggested, is to pursue dialogue and give every part of the country a sense of belonging.
He, however, maintained that violent agitation is not answer to the challenges that trigger the protests by groups.
Our plan to free Kanu, by Sen Ike Ekweremadu
The lawmaker further pleaded with the youths not to turn igboland to a war zone. These ideas were canvassed at a virtual lecture entitled “The Igbo in Diaspora: A Perspective” to a South African event, and was organized by the Igbo Heritage Lectures and Ugwumba Excellence Award in Pretoria.
READ ALSO ohanaeze ndigbo lauds Chris Isiguzo on his re-election, commends his good work on his former tenure
“This is the one of the worst things that could happen to Ndigbo at this time. The injustices and marginalization are palpable and must be addressed. But by all means, we must ensure the stability of Igbo land because only by so doing can Alaigbo (Igbo land) prosper economically and also elicit local and international support and sympathy over their plights”, he declared
He described what has happened in Alaigbo in the past few months it.
. Threats to Igbo businesses, the peace, security, and stability of the South-East are threats to our very existence as Ndigbo. The Igbo Diaspora is “the intellectual bank of Ndigbo with extensive exposure to liberal and progressive democratic ideals, and access to international resources”, he said.
?”, he added.
One of the ways he suggested is for  said concluding.Our paper range
The quality of paper is important for printed products. Printed items are often the first way someone comes into contact with your brand, product, service, or event. It’s important to select the right paper type and weight for your design, purpose, and budget.
Silk
Gloss
Gloss is a coated paper with a high shine. Printed colours appear bright and vivid on gloss paper, making it ideal for displaying striking images and photographs in colour.
Uncoated
Unlike gloss or silk, this paper does not have a coating, which gives it a very soft finish. The ink sinks into the paper, giving the colour a more understated appearance. Uncoated paper is a great choice for stationary or postcards, since it’s easy to write on and has a prestigious look and feel.
Natural
Recycled
What is gsm?
The term ‘gsm’ is an acronym for ‘grams per square meter’. The higher the gsm number, the heavier the paper.
90-115gsm
This is a lightweight paper that is good if you’re on a tight budget or are sending your prints through the post (the paper is lighter, so the postage will cost less).
Most magazines are printed in this range. Letterheads tend to be printed around 115gsm.
130-170 gsm
This is our most popular paper weight range. At 130gsm, you’ll no longer get any show through (where you can see the print from the other side of the page).
This weight range can be used for brochures or magazines, since the paper is strong enough to support the stitching.
250-450gsm
Paper in this weight range is thick and has a more premium feel. It’s perfect for covers, certificates, and high-end flyers and leaflets.
Paper in this range can be laminated, but it can only be folded if it’s scored first.
Our products areof the most common and popular sizes.
If your project calls for something a little bit different, that’s absolutely fine!
Not sure which paper size to choose for your project? See our list of industry standard sizes.
Special sizes
Special book sizes
Cover papers add a front and back cover to your booklet. To add a cover, select ‘Add Cover’ in the price calculator and choose your cover paper type, weight, and finish.
The heavier the weight of your cover paper, the more rigid the booklet will be. We don’t advise adding a thick cover to booklets with low page counts, as it forces the booklet to stay open.
Some customers choose a thinner cover to give their booklet more flexibility, while others choose not to have a cover at all. This is often called a ‘self cover’ or ‘floppy cover’, since with this option the booklet is very flexible.
Note: only cover papers can be laminated.
We offer a wide range of paper weights, but not all options are suitable for every product. But don’t worry–our cost calculator is very advanced, and it won’t let you choose an unsuitable option.
Your available suitable options may also change depending on whether your order is going to be printed on a digital or litho press. Our system always makes sure that your options fit the printer being used for your order.
On occasions, when the time comes to print an order, we may find the particular requested paper weight out of stock. Rather than delay your order, we will often print it on the next weight up.
This is called ‘upgrading’ and is quite common in the industry.
Most of the time it is not an issue, but if your item is going to be sent by post, upgrading the paper can affect the postage cost.
If paper weight is of great importance to your order, please let us know before we go to print.
We do not charge extra if we need to upgrade your paper, and we never downgrade paper.
Variations in paper production
Paper is a natural product, supplied from the mill in batches. As such, there can be variations in weight or thickness from one batch to another. This can result in paper that is up toheavier or lighter.
We may also buy our paper from different merchants at different times, which can also lead to small variations in our paper stock.
We’re passionate about the environment here at Mixam, and we do our best to source materials that have a minimal environmental impact.
We’re also working hard to make sure that we leave the lightest possible carbon footprint in everything we do.
For example:
- We print on environmentally certified and recycled papers
- All our papers are from sustainable sources
- We use superior quality vegetable-based inks
- We recycle all our waste products
Ready to get started?
Sign up to our newsletter for the latest offers, products and inspirationFor Immediate Release: January 10, 2018
Contact: Ryan Max, publicaffairs@culture.nyc.gov; 212-513-9323
MAYOR’S GRANT FOR CULTURAL IMPACT TO SUPPORT SEVEN PARTNERSHIPS BETWEEN CITY AGENCIES AND CULTURAL ORGANIZATIONS
Through over $500,000 in direct and in-kind funding, supported partnerships address a range of pressing civic issues, from public safety to immigration to literacy
The new grant program is an outgrowth of CreateNYC, which found major potential for new and expanded collaborations between City government and arts organizations
New York – Today, Mayor de Blasio and Cultural Affairs Commissioner Tom Finkelpearl.
"Our CreateNYC cultural plan called for thoughtful, innovative ways to integrate our City's creative energy into public service. Today, we continue to put that into action," said Mayor Bill de Blasio. "When City government works hand in hand with community anchors, we can deliver the cultural access and equity which all New Yorkers deserve."
“I often point out that poetry and dance were safe outlets to channel difficult emotions in my teenage years,” said First Lady Chirlane McCray, who leads the City’s mental health and substance misuse efforts. “However, art has many benefits throughout ALL stages of life, and in New York City the arts should be for everyone. With these new grants, New York City is harnessing the power of art to promote literacy, encourage healthy relationships, support immigrant families, and help our youngest New Yorkers learn coping skills. Most importantly, the new funding will support communities that have historically been excluded from fully experiencing the cultural and artistic life of the city.”
"Culture is essential to the health of our communities so it's exciting to see that the Mayor's Grant for Cultural Impact, arising directly from the public input we received for the CreateNYC cultural plan, will have such a profound effect on so many New Yorkers," said Cultural Affairs Commissioner Tom Finkelpearl. "These innovative collaborations employ dance, poetry, literature, film, and other disciplines to help address longstanding civic issues, and with such a remarkable and committed group of partners, we hope these projects will become lasting examples of how art can be used to foster real social change."
“The mission of CreateNYC is to bring culture and the arts to more New Yorkers and make access to culture more equitable for all,” said Council Member Jimmy.
The seven winning collaborations were announced by Cultural Affairs Commissioner Tom Finkelpearl today at an event at Gibney Dance, which received a grant to expand their work with the Mayor’s Office to Combat Domestic Violence. Photos from the event are available upon request.
The winning projects are:
· ARTs East NY will partner with the NYC Department of City Planning to create CivLab, a public space activation project in East New York. This pilot program will bring together city planners, local artists, and residents to better integrate the arts into civic life, building on the City’s East New York Neighborhood Plan. The project will enliven an underused portion of Success Garden, a community garden surrounded by an area in transformation.
· Bronx Documentary Center (BDC) will work with the Mayor’s Office of Criminal Justice to launch Claremont Illuminated, a series of nocturnal artworks and programming seeking to promote community safety and connections in the Claremont Village neighborhood of the South Bronx. Site specific artworks will literally light up underutilized open spaces in the community, including Butler Houses public housing. Artists from BDC’s network will hire local young people and collaborate with residents and area organizations to locate, plan, and install media-, light-, and sound-based projects. This initiative will be part of the Mayor’s Action Plan for Neighborhood Safety, intended to reduce crime and strengthen neighborhoods citywide.
·.
·.
· Gibney Dance will expand Hands are for Holding (HAFH) in a continued collaboration with the Mayor’s Office to Combat Domestic Violence (OCDV). The interactive school-based program uses dance as a tool for preventing teen dating violence and promoting healthy relationships. The expansion will enable many more students to attend HAFH assemblies, with a particular emphasis on middle school students just beginning to explore dating relationships. Further, one middle school in need will be selected to host an intensive HAFH residency to explore more in-depth strategies for engaging students and increasing dating violence awareness through dance.
· The National Book Foundation will collaborate with the Department of Youth and Community Development (DYCD) to launch Raising Readers: Books are for Everyone, an initiative dedicated to cultivating a love of reading in adults around the city and the young people in their lives. The program will reach DYCD provider staff via professional development training; establish “reading circles” for parents served by DYCD-funded agencies; and culminate in a large-scale citywide family reading event. Over 1,000 free books will be distributed to DYCD constituents, who often come from underserved populations.
· People’s Theatre Project will partner with the Mayor’s Office of Immigrant Affairs (MOIA) for Teatro Inmigrante Comunitario, an effort to build trust between community and government by amplifying shared experiences and stories. Spanish-speaking youth from Washington Heights and Kingsbridge, including many impacted by the end of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, will come together to create an interactive and bilingual theater event. These young people will be placed in leadership roles within their communities and, through artistic practice they will become connectors between MOIA and the populations it serves, focusing on programs such as IDNYC, ActionNYC and NYCitizenship.
“We are thrilled our partnership with Cool Culture has been selected for the Mayor’s Grant for Cultural Impact. This investment in cultural funding will support the Health Department and Cool Culture efforts to bring the arts to young children attending child care programs in the city’s family shelter system,” said Health Commissioner Dr. Mary T. Bassett. “Enriching the lives of these preschoolers through arts programming not only promotes cognitive and social-emotional development, but brings families together to enjoy the arts and cultural vibrancy the City has to offer.”
“Each year, Cool Culture partners with over 450 schools to provide 50,0000 historically marginalized families with free, unlimited access to 90 cultural institutions that people travel the world over to experience. We are extremely honored that Cool Culture is one of seven cultural organizations selected to receive the Mayor's Grant for Cultural Impact. Cool Culture believes that access to arts and culture is a human right, and we are delighted that this initiative will allow us to collaborate with the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene to develop a partnership with families living in family shelters and to provide opportunities for respite, creative expression, exploration of the arts and quality family time,” said Candice Anderson, Executive Director at Cool Culture.
“The Free Verse Poetry Apprentice Project will provide paid internships and access to high-quality arts education and programming to people under probation supervision as well as other neighborhood residents in Northern Staten Island and South Jamaica," stated Ana M. Bermúdez, Commissioner, New York City Department of Probation (DOP). I applaud Mayor de Blasio and Cultural Affairs Commissioner Finkelpearl for their commitment to expanding access to arts and culture.”
Clive Gillinson, Executive and Artistic Director of Carnegie Hall, said “Carnegie Hall applauds the City for recognizing the important role that the arts and culture can play in creating pathways for young people and strengthening our communities. Our partnership with the Department of Probation and the city’s NeONs has been very meaningful and productive, and we are excited to expand this work.”
“DYCD’s funded programs strive to promote the joy of reading to young people and adults. Studies have connected reading for pleasure to improved academic performance and career success..
Lisa Lucas, Executive Director of the National Book Foundation, said "We are thrilled to continue our partnership with the Department of Youth and Community Development, and, with the launch of this new initiative, to further enrich the work we do together.."
Elizabeth Glazer, Director of the Mayor’s Office of Criminal Justice said "Claremont Illuminated represents the kind of innovative strategy this administration is leading to reduce crime and build strong neighborhoods. This important partnership will connect Bronx artists with young leaders to activate underutilized public spaces with nocturnal art and media projects to celebrate community identity and help counter the invisible boundaries that isolate and fragment young people’s experiences and opportunity."
Michael Kamber Executive Director of the Bronx Documentary Center, said “The Bronx Documentary Center is thrilled to collaborate with the Mayor's Office of Criminal Justice on this important initiative. Our project, Claremont Illuminated, will change the lives of Claremont Village NYCHA residents by making their central Bronx neighborhood safer while creating cultural experiences for residents.”
Marisa Lago, Director of the Department of City Planning, said, “The Department of City Planning looks forward to working with local artists and community members to create a blueprint for the future of this vacant site, turning it into a canvas for creative expression. Support for local arts endeavors like this evidences the City’s ongoing commitment to realize the promise of the East New York neighborhood plan.”
"We are excited to take part in this extension of the Create NYC Cultural Plan. This initiative will allow us to deepen our work with community members in revitalizing vacant spaces in the East New York community, replacing them with reflective beauty and pride,” said Catherine Green, Founder/Executive Director of ARTs East New York.
“The theatre is a time-tested platform for sharing stories, reshaping narratives, and breaking through to common understanding. No stories are more important to elevate in this moment than those of young immigrants, who are charting their own path to the future, guided by the trials and successes of their communities’ pasts,” said Bitta Mostofi, Acting Commissioner of the Mayor’s Office of Immigrant Affairs. “Through the Mayor’s Grant for Cultural Impact, MOIA will collaborate with the People’s Theatre Project to launch Teatro Inmigrante Comunitario, recruiting immigrant youth to engage in creative storytelling about their own experiences, promote critical City services, and transcend difference through theatre. We’re proud to work with Commissioner Finkelpearl, our colleagues at DCLA, and the People’s Theatre Project to empower future immigrant leaders and strengthen connections to City services for all New Yorkers.”
Mino Lora, Co-Executive Director of People’s Theatre Project, said “We are honored to receive this award from the Mayor’s Office and excited to partner with MOIA as it will allow us to amplify and expand the work we are doing with our immigrant community Uptown by creating Theatre with Dreamers that educates other inmigrantes communities on our rights and resources as New Yorkers.”
“Arts organizations can have tremendous impacts on the lives of families in need,” said Cecile Noel, Commissioner of the Mayor’s Office to Combat Domestic Violence. “Through the Mayor’s Grant for Cultural Impact, several new collaborations with arts organizations will bring even more supports to New Yorkers in their communities. This is an exciting opportunity to participate directly with families in the neighborhoods we serve, and OCDV is thrilled to be part of this initiative.”
Gina Gibney, Artistic Director and CEO of Gibney Dance, said “Gibney is honored to be a part of this initiative and to work alongside extraordinary colleagues, artists and change makers utilizing art to enact creative solutions for lasting social impact. We are thrilled to deepen our collaboration with the Mayor's Office to Combat Domestic Violence as we work to foster new pathways for conversation and consciousness around heathy, abuse free relationships.”.
###1 Focus Group Facility and Services Found Oregon
If you are looking for market research companies or focus group facilities in Oregon, QUALocator allows you to search and find your best market research options instantly. QUALocator offers some of the best site locations with rooms and space ideal for conducting market research. QUALocator’s directory has facilities within the USA and abroad. It also offers technology providers to facilitate virtual In-Depth Interviews (IDIs) and Market Research Panels. QUALocator offers facility venue locations for market research providers in Oregon. Currently Consumer Opinion Services is available in Portland.
Oregon Market Research Companies & Fieldwork Firms: Portland
Consumer Opinion Services
Tel 503-493-2870 | Portland , Oregon
Facilities, Recruiting and Qualitative Services in Portland, Seattle & Las Vegas. The Portland facility is conveniently located just minutes from [...]ISBN 0-919285-19-8
Art: Arthur F. McKay
No Memory of a Move St. Joseph's School in Saskatoon (when I was 4 or 5) is now a school of Native Survival out for a ride old black car then only partly filled (3 of 7 kids still to come) it was touchstone warm red brick a place she always said where you will go then there is an absence we are somewhere else and I am in another school what is this constant memory what metaphor is here over it again and again the bare elements are a child in black car passing school mother saying the words an interruption memory of an absence no memory of a move
“… the scent of pine creates a vivid sense of prairie, where pleasure and pain are constantly at war…Campbell achieves it with a skill noteworthy for its ease.”
CVII 8/1
“her technical means are definitely unusual as well as unusually effective…entertaining volume that I read with great pleasure.”
Queen’s QuarterlyNCJ Number
208168
Date Published
January 2004
Length
27 pages
Agencies
OJJDP-Sponsored
Annotation
After a background review of tribal justice systems, this paper presents an overview of issues to address in the development and implementation of youth courts in American Indian and Alaska Native (AI/AN) communities.
Abstract
The development of youth courts in AI/AN communities must take into account the social and political legacies that have molded current Indian juvenile justice systems. Attention should be given to the philosophies and beliefs regarding the treatment of troubled or problem Indian youth. Youth courts that have been established in AI/AN communities range from those that are annexed to tribal courts to those managed by other tribal programs or community organizations. These courts have typically handled status offenses such as truancy and school-based incidents; minor offenses such as underage drinking, nonviolent crimes, and traffic violations; and court options not otherwise available to address minor youth crimes. Among the benefits of youth courts for AI/AN youth are the inclusion of youth in tribal government processes, the experience of solving problems encountered by their peers, the development of positive partnerships between youth and adults in addressing juvenile crime and delinquency, and the development of traditional skills through culture-based community service. This paper lists the major tasks in youth-court development in AI/AN communities and discusses factors that must be taken into account in developing culturally relevant youth courts in tribal communities. Other topics discussed are the definition of the youth court's purpose, the selection of a program model, defining adult and elder roles in relation to the youth court, the establishment of tribal youth-court dispositions and services, the involvement of family and community, and the development of partnerships. Also discussed are programmatic challenges in operating tribal youth courts, sustaining the youth courts, and the development of an evaluation plan. 4 figures and 19 notes
Date Created: July 30, 2014
Similar Publications
- Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Guidance for Juvenile Justice Facilities During COVID-19 Pandemic
- Kentucky Juvenile Justice Reform Evaluation: Assessing the Effects of SB 200 on Youth Dispositional Outcomes and Racial and Ethnic Disparities, Executive Summary
- Expunging Juvenile Records: Myths, Collateral Consequences, and Emerging PracticesAD, a 37-year-old IT employee, bought a BMW X6 in Germany for 24,000 euros with a loan.
When he tried to sell the vehicle in Madrid, to make a profit,
his car was stolen and months later he ended up being charged with simulation of a crime
and with a request for three years in prison.
The acquisition was in 2015. After the purchase, he left it at an official dealer to repair defects while he advertised his sale on the internet. Shortly after, he was contacted by someone posing as an intermediary dedicated to the sale of cars, who made an appointment for his sale. At the meeting, this individual asked the owner of the BMW for the papers and ID. This gave him the documentation. They went to an agency but it was closed
. The owner forgot to claim the papers back from you.
The next day, the alleged intermediary
forged the signature of the owner of the BMW
to change the ownership of the vehicle in Traffic and also made a false sale contract. Hours later, he met with the original owner of the BMW in a shopping center in Alcalá de Henares to sell the car and return the papers. But on that date his car was forcibly stolen. The person he was going to sell the car to asked for the keys to test it out and took it away.
AD reported the theft and a few days later the police recovered the BMW,
but at that time the vehicle was no longer theirs.
It was in the name of the intermediary, who in turn had sold it to a different person
.
The confusion increased.
When the police verified that the BMW had another ownership in Traffic with a false signature, they indicated it to the new owner of the car.
This supposed new buyer appeared at the police station to claim the BMW for which, according to him, he had paid 18,000.
He provided some photocopies of sales contracts with the intermediary.
In addition, the Police confirmed that the alleged intermediary was not such, but an old acquaintance by the agents dedicated to scams and vehicle theft who is currently in prison.
When the initial victim of the robbery went to claim the vehicle, the police told him that he would have to request it in court.
In court, the magistrate denied the car to the computer scientist
. The second owner also appeared in court and the magistrate decided to give him the BMW for being a "good faith" buyer, despite the fact that the Police recognized that the Traffic papers were forged. The judge, however, filed the theft and decided to continue the case against the computer scientist and legitimate owner for simulating a crime and for filing a false complaint. They asked him for three years in prison.
At the trial, lawyer Juan Gonzalo Espina, from Ospina Abogados, alleged that
the guarantees for the accused had been violated.
He defended that it was a prepared plot. Finally, the judge acquitted the computer scientist of the crime of simulation, considering that the intermediary's statement "was full of plural and grotesque contradictions." Even so, the court said that it could not resolve the delivery of the vehicle in favor of its initial owner and that it should initiate a new nullification process before Traffic and the second buyer.
The lawyer for Ospina Abogados pointed out that "
a person who has never testified for a crime cannot be prosecuted for that crime
."
"Being threatened and robbed is very hard, but it becomes even more difficult if the victim is made guilty. It is very important that the victims receive proper advice before even filing the complaint so that these harsh situations do not occur. and no one ends up being accused of a false complaint when he was clearly the victim, "said criminal lawyer Juan Gonzalo Ospina.
According to the criteria of The Trust Project
Know more
Alcala de Henares
Germany
Madrid
Justice
This is how the experts of the committee that the Government never created see the pandemic
Basque Country An ertzaina, among the three arrested for trafficking cocaine diluted in tons of coal from Portugal
EmpresasManos Limpias asks the Court of Accounts to audit SEPI after the Plus Ultra case: "It could be the tip of the iceberg"
See links of interest
Work calendar
Holidays Madrid
Home THE WORLD TODAYEscentric Molecules
Escentric 04 Cologne By Escentric Molecules Eau De Toilette Spray (Unisex) For Men
Regular price $123.13
$0.00
Es.
This product is the original authentic name brand and NOT a knockoff or imitation.Osseous surgery is also known as pocket reduction or pocket correction surgery. It is typically performed after scaling and root planing or “deep cleaning”. Healthy sulcus depths are anywhere from 0-3mm and the most we are able to brush and floss and clean into the gums or sulcus/pocket is only about 1.5mm. So, in pockets greater than 3mm it is almost impossible to keep them clean at home.
By performing procedures to reduce the pocketing it makes it easier for the patient to keep clean at home. Our Periodontists, who are Diplomates of the American Board of Periodontology and Dental Implant Surgery, will move the gums away from the teeth and bone to get access to the roots of the teeth and bone. The roots of the teeth are thoroughly cleaned and disinfected of plaque and calculus or tartar. Any bone that has been altered by disease is then smoothed to help reduce the pocketing.
Bone grafting and guided tissue regeneration (GTR) can be used to stimulate growth of new bone in conjunction with osseous surgery. Bone graft is placed, in areas where there is a gap between the root of the tooth and the bone, or in between the roots of the teeth. The bone graft has cells in it that stimulate the body to create and regenerate new bone formation. This increases the height and width of the bone around the tooth, which gives it more support.
Bone and gum tissue heal at different rates. Gum tissue heals much faster than bone does. In order to keep the new bone where it is placed during healing, a membrane barrier (GTR) is placed between the bone and gum tissue. This prevents the gum tissue from filling the space where bone was lost and allows the new bone time to grow where it is needed. Both the bone graft and the membrane are absorbed by the body and replaced with your bone and new bone formation around the teeth.
The gums are then sutured or stitched back to the teeth, sometimes at a lower level, now making it easier for the patient and their dental hygienist to keep clean. Ten to fourteen days after the surgery, the remaining sutures are removed and healing of the tissue is evaluated by our our Periodontists Dr. Daniel Thomas, Dr. Melissa Combs Dr. Jonathan Thomas, or Dr. Brent Wenzel who are Diplomates of the American Board of Periodontology and Dental Implant Surgery..MPA Inks Collaborations with Partners to Advance Decarbonisation Efforts in Maritime Industry
21 April 2021
A S$120 million fund for a maritime decarbonisation centre in Singapore
The Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore (MPA) will join hands with industry partners under two separate agreements signed today to advance decarbonisation efforts in the maritime industry. Mr Chee Hong Tat, Senior Minister of State for Foreign Affairs and Transport, witnessed the signing of the two agreements.
Memorandum of Cooperation with Partners on Maritime Decarbonisation Centre in Singapore
2 MPA signs a memorandum of cooperation (MoC) with BW Group, Sembcorp Marine, Eastern Pacific Shipping, Ocean Network Express, Foundation Det Norske Veritas and BHP to establish a fund for a maritime decarbonisation centre to be set up in Singapore. This follows the release of a recommendation by the International Advisory Panel1 on Maritime Decarbonisation (IAP) to set up a maritime decarbonisation centre in Singapore.
3 Under the MoC, each private sector partner will contribute S$10 million to support the establishment of the centre, fund maritime-decarbonisation-related research and technology development projects and collaborate with institutes of higher learning and research institutes. MPA will add S$60 million R&D funding to these contributions, bringing the fund to a total of S$120 million.
Memorandum of Understanding with Temasek on Maritime Decarbonisation
4 To drive and catalyse maritime decarbonisation efforts, MPA also signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Singapore-headquartered investment company, Temasek, to explore collaborations related to decarbonisation of port operations, development and use of low-carbon and/or alternative marine energy sources and decarbonisation of the other parts of the global and regional maritime supply chain, with Temasek and Temasek Portfolio Companies at the same event today.
5 Ms Quah Ley Hoon, Chief Executive of MPA, said, “Maritime decarbonisation is a global challenge requiring a collective responsibility from all stakeholders involved. It is crucial to have strong public-private sector partnerships. We thank like-minded partners that have responded strongly to our call for collaboration. The agreements signed today are two initial steps, which we hope will catalyse a larger, much needed momentum to make international shipping more sustainable.”
[1] The IAP comprises 30 leaders from Singapore and overseas, representing industry, academia and government.
Partner Quotes
Memorandum of Cooperation with Partners on Maritime Decarbonisation Centre in Singapore
Mr Andreas Sohmen-Pao, Chairman, BW Group
“We are delighted to be able to contribute to this initiative. Climate change is a defining challenge of our time, and the only way to tackle this is with cross-border, cross-sector collaboration. While helping to find solutions for the industry, companies can also help themselves to prepare for the future by being part of this effort. We look forward to partnerships and insights through the centre.”
Mr Wong Weng Sun, President & Chief Executive Officer, Sembcorp Marine
“Collaboration and knowledge sharing is the new normal to advance decarbonisation in the maritime industry. Sembcorp Marine is very pleased to contribute to this collaborative alliance to push the frontiers. We believe that an interconnected approach to tap the best-in-class capabilities of players in our industry will lead to breakthrough outcomes in decarbonisation.”
Mr Cyril Ducau, Chief Executive Officer, Eastern Pacific Shipping
“Sustainability begins with accountability and maritime leaders have a responsibility to implement emission-lowering solutions available today while simultaneously developing solutions for tomorrow. The formation of a maritime decarbonisation centre is a major milestone, combining forces of both public and private industry players. It proves that the sector is willing to band together and take ownership of environmental preservation for future generations. EPS is proud to be part of this partnership, and we look forward to collectively developing an effective path towards total decarbonisation.”
Mr Jeremy Nixon, CEO, Ocean Network Express
"This is a further significant step forward by ONE, in alignment with its new green strategy direction. ONE is committed to accelerating maritime decarbonisation collaboration at both governmental and private sector industry level.”
Mr Remi Eriksen, Chief Executive Officer, Foundation Det Norske Veritas and DNV
“The Foundation Det Norske Veritas is driven by a desire to help society tackle major global transformations.. Working together, I am confident the Centre will deliver a global impact on decarbonisation while further bolstering the Foundation’s purpose of safeguarding life, property and the environment.”
Ms Vandita Pant, Chief Commercial Officer, BHP
“The key to navigating the pathway to decarbonisation in the maritime industry is an ecosystem approach with all partners working collaboratively towards the same goal. BHP is proud to sign this Memorandum of Cooperation (MoC), and is committed along with other like-minded companies, to lead the maritime sector towards that goal through the maritime decarbonisation centre.”
Memorandum of Understanding with Temasek on Maritime Decarbonisation
Ms Juliet Teo, Head of Transportation and Logistics at Temasek
“Decarbonisation is an important priority for the maritime industry. This MPA-Temasek agreement paves the way for joint efforts aimed at reducing carbon emissions across port operations, maritime supply chains and shipping, including new potential low- or no-carbon fuels for ships. By combining our expertise, experience and global networks, both within and beyond the maritime eco-system, we hope to bring capabilities to this task that will make a difference. This partnership underscores Temasek’s commitment to a net zero carbon emissions portfolio by 2050 by applying our capital to catalyse new, potentially game-changing, solutions to today’s carbon challenges.”
<End of release>
MPA and six strategic partners signed a Memorandum of Cooperation to establish a S$120 million fund.
Memorandum of Understanding with Temasek to collaborate on opportunities in the area of maritime decarbonisation.A second man is pleading guilty for his role in Mac Miller’s death.
According to the U.S. Department of Justice, Ryan Michael Reavis will plead guilty to one count of distributing fentanyl. He is accused of supplying counterfeit pills containing fentanyl to the drug dealer who allegedly sold them to Mac Miller.
The 38-year-old man admitted he supplied counterfeit oxycodone pills to Cameron James Pettit. The feds say Pettit is the dealer who sold the drugs to Mac Miller.
Reavis is the second person in the case to reach a plea deal. His agreement was announced a few weeks after his co-defendant Stephen Andrew Walter agreed to plead guilty to one count of distribution of fentanyl.
Walter conceded he instructed Reavis to distribute fentanyl-laced pills to Pettit. As part of his plea deal, prosecutors dropped a conspiracy to distribute a controlled substance charge against the 48-year-old man.
Reavis and Walter are expected to plead guilty in front of a judge in Los Angeles in the coming weeks. Both men are facing a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison.
Pettit’s case is still pending.
Mac Miller, whose real name was Malcolm McCormick, died from an accidental overdose in 2018. He was 26 years old.Last night’s 27th edition of Broadway Bares pulled in a whopping $1,568,114 in two performances at NYC’s Hammerstein Ballroom to benefit Broadway Cares/Equity Fights AIDS.
READ THIS NEXT: Steve Grand Got Fully Naked for the SF Version of Broadway Bares: WATCH
Some details on the show, called ‘Strip U’ from BCEFA:.”Tom Benton, Emma Scott, Kate Ridley, Sarah Knight, Adrian Woodthorpe
26 January 2006
Research report available to download from DFE
Research brief available to download from DFE
The London Challenge was a Department for Education and Skills (DfES) initiative, which aimed to raise levels of attainment in London secondary schools and to create a world class education system in the capital. In 2005, London Challenge commissioned the.We’ve always dreamed of having a vacation away. Like, really away. We’ve cleared calendars. Actually left behind the phones, let everyone know we were traveling to the ends of the earth, so… good luck reaching us. It might not be that remote in reality, but we planned a completely dedicated, carnal time.
The retreat was about time for us to explore… both the surroundings and us. As we walked down the dock, boards creaking a bit under our feet, our luggage rolling over the boards behind us, we’re giddy with excitement. We splurged for the room at the END of the pier. The one that is out just a bit further, a little more secluded…
We get to the room and slowly open the door. Then from the door, we can see all the way through the suite, out the other side of the room, which is all glass, and nothing but beautiful blue ocean. The entire wall opens up with sliding doors, which are open. Just wispy curtains blowing in the sea breezes separate us from the deck just outside. The door closes by behind us and you pull me to you, kissing me and then giggling into my neck.
“Last one in, loses…” you say, dropping your bag and wandering across the room nonchalantly. I grab my suitcase and toss it on the bed just in time to see your clothes drop to the floor and the blur of your body as you jump off the deck and into the water. From outside, I hear you laughing, then “hey, no one said anything about suits…”
I am naked in a flash, out the door and flying through the air into the water… as I come up, your arms are around my neck, and you look me in the eye just before you pull my lip into your mouth and gently bite down on it, holding me there, locking eyes. We kiss-wrestle, me kissing your neck and venturing down, you doing the same, back and forth in this erotic tug of war to gain control and access as the other person does the same.
You pull back just a bit, look me in the eye for just a flash again, then slide down me a bit and kiss, then nibble, then full-on bite my chest, pulling me into your mouth. I squeal just a bit, knowing there are others in relative earshot, but surprised by your change in tactic. I know better than to pull away though, that never ends well.
“I don’t know what you think is going on, but let’s remember who’s in charge here,” you tell me after leaving several fiery marks. I feel your hand on me, guiding me to the steps that lead back up to our room. I’m bobbing along in the water behind you as we climb out and duck inside, seeing a few additional guests on their way up the pier, but quite a ways back.
Once inside, I notice that there’s a massage table there, on wheels. It fits just next to the windows, the deck… I look at you and waggle my eyebrows a bit in an exaggerated way. You laugh at me, and simply say “Yes, yes I’d love a massage from you on the deck.“
As the sun sets and darkness sets in, I move the table onto the deck, help you out to the table and help you get comfortable. I work first on your feet, spending all sorts of time relaxing them, getting them used to my touch. The same is true for your ankles, your calves. I work with one side, then the other. It takes about 20 minutes to have your legs relaxed. Just as I’m about to move up your body, I hear a relaxed sigh from you, just in time to see an evil grin on your face.
At the same time, you slowly move your legs a bit more apart, grin once more at me, then close your eyes and resettle your head.
I slowly trace my fingers up the insides of your legs, lightly touching, exploring, but avoiding your sex for just a few more minutes, stealing back just a small measure of control for myself. After a few minutes of this, I hear a short low grumble and look up to see you looking back over your shoulder at me, eyebrow raised, almost scolding.
“Yes ma’am,” is all I say.
5 Replies to “Carnal Retreat”
A sensual massage, yeah baby!
This is very erotic!! Angus really enjoyed it. I hope your holiday was fantastic—it sure started well!
Glad you (ahem, both) enjoyed!
Yessssss!
mmm what a place to go to! And so much fun and sex(y) to be had.
Rebel xoxSep. 27 2017, Updated 10:39 a.m. ET, and the second survey, conducted by the Conference Board, records consumer expectations for business conditions six months ahead. The average of these two surveys is used in the LEI.
The latest LEI report showed that average consumer expectations for business conditions stood at 0.76 in August, compared with a revised reading of 0.61 in July. This figure marks a second consecutive increase in the index. This increase in average consumer expectations, considered a positive sign for the US economy, was recorded despite a rise in geopolitical tensions in August.
The LEI has been an excellent predictor of changes in business cycles. Based on the August report, it would be safe to say that the US economy’s expansion is likely to continue. However, in September, there have been some developments that could increase volatility (VXX) and impact bond (SHY) (PCY), equity (QQQ), and currency markets (CEW). The impact of the Fed’s hawkish stance, rising geopolitical tensions involving North Korea, and Hurricanes Harvey and Irma on the US economy will be seen in the next LEI report, which is to be released October 19, 2017.
More From Market Realist🙌 Awesome, you're subscribed!
Thanks for subscribing! Look out for your first newsletter in your inbox soon!
Get us in your inbox
🙌 Awesome, you're subscribed!
Thanks for subscribing! Look out for your first newsletter in your inbox soon!
The star of strange and surreal indie ‘Colossal’ talks self-destruction, social media and how Hollywood is changing for womenColossal’
As someone who’s been the victim of online attacks, did you respond to this idea of being able to wound people thousands of miles away?
‘It made the movie timely, this idea of facelessness, of a lack of consequence. We’re all dissociating a lot right now, and this is about someone waking up from their dissociation. The internet is a reflection of us, we’re creating it. It’s possible we’re just creating a really creepy basement right now. Maybe we haven’t been playing with it long enough.’
Do you feel things are changing for women in your business, both in terms of creative opportunities and of stories?
‘That question depends a lot on age and race, so it’s hard to give a blanket answer. But for me personally, yes. I was told to fear approaching my mid-thirties because everything would dry up. I’m 34 now, but in my career I couldn’t be happier. And I think that’s because of changing acceptance.’
A movie this unusual probably wouldn’t have been made, at least not on this scale, without your involvement. Is that a good feeling?
‘The fact I was able to get people to invest money in a strange, small movie, I’m so thrilled. Part of the reason I wanted to make it was because I never see movies like this. I would be the first one to buy a ticket if I wasn’t in it.’
Was it as much fun to make as it is to watch?
‘Oh, yeah! It was the best time in my life. Jason (Sudeikis) and I were already friends. (Director) Nacho Vigalondo is just this human party. And I was pregnant. I was doing what I loved, I was going to be a mom, it was just amazing.’
‘Colossal’ is in UK cinemas May 19.
🙌 Awesome, you're subscribed!
Thanks for subscribing! Look out for your first newsletter in your inbox soon!Editorial cartoonists return to satirical ways
From the Winter 2002 issue of The News Media & The Law, page 14.
By Chip Bok
We all know how the Sept. 11 terrorist attack affected New Yorkers. It brought to the surface a humanity and dignity that will take them years, perhaps decades, to overcome. No doubt they’re depending on the famous American attention span, hoping that we, like the guy in the movie Memento, will forget this glimpse of the truth within the next 30 seconds. If that’s their hope, New York’s losing streak continues, because the country has changed. Americans are now focused, serious, patriotic and mentally plaque free. They no longer forget. America loves New York. America also loves President Bush, Rudy, special forces, daisy cutters, and, above all, police and firefighters. It seems like everything has been transformed in the wake of the tragedy.
Well, not everything.
America does not love journalists. Nor does it seem to love the small subset of journalists that includes me, editorial cartoonists. Never mind that journalists have taken more casualties per capita in the Afghan War on Terror than most others. The big question, at least to 30 or so cartoonists and two or three interested editors, is: What effect did all this transformation have on editorial cartoons?
It’s had a tremendous effect and at the same time none at all. When four commercial airliners are commandeered by suicidal maniacs with a detailed and highly synchronized plan to attack the United States, taking out its military central nervous system in Washington and its financial heart in New York City, it’s hard to know what to say. The president was God-knows-where, and Dick Cheney was a poor substitute for Al Haig. No one knew if this was just the beginning or even who the enemy was.
All a cartoonist could do was acknowledge that something really terrible had happened.
This seemed to take the form of graphic comparisons to Pearl Harbor, plays on the date using the twin towers to form an “11”, and the old standby, Lady Liberty, who, in this case, from her perch in the harbor, literally was an old standby.
Mike Luckovich of the Atlanta Constitution managed this nicely by showing the reflection of the stricken towers in a close-up drawing of the eyes of the Statue of Liberty.
Within the next few days the facts of the matter became more clear, but the scope of the tragedy was staggering. It was evident that police and firefighters died heroically, Mayor Giuliani led with cool competence and compassion, and the nation would defend itself under President Bush’s leadership. It was also evident that he had the enthusiastic support of an overwhelming majority of the people, cartoonists included.
Patrick Oliphant said that now was not the time to trash the country’s leaders, an activity he excelled at until Sept. 11. In fact, he leveraged the number of people he could offend by frequently drawing a purse over the shoulder of President Bush. Now, however, Oliphant felt that the time had come for cartoonists to defend the homeland and support the war effort with strong cartoons (especially ones depicting Uncle Sam) that would inspire. Most cartoonists seemed to follow suit.
A lot of eagles appeared as symbols of America’s righteous wrath. One of the better images was a drawing by Steve Breen of the San Diego Union of an irritable eagle sharpening his talons with a big file.
While sharing the mood, I never had much luck with these kinds of cartoons myself.
Don’t get me wrong. I share America’s hope that Osama is in a dialysis treatment cave, so he can be killed mano-a-mano. But whenever I tried to draw a positive cartoon with soaring symbolism, I thought it looked dumb. It made me uncomfortable to set my skepticism aside, even when I supported the cause. I got around it by redirecting my skepticism at the new bad guys and not saying much of anything about our leaders, (gulp) the good guys.
If you can’t say something nasty about someone, don’t say anything at all.
The New Yorker magazine took “not saying anything at all” to extremes. They ran no cartoons in the issue after the attack. As for Mr. Oliphant’s advice, Bush got pretty much a free pass in newspaper editorial cartoons. Most of those who in the past chose to draw him with Dumbo the Elephant ears, no longer did so.
As with any big news event though, this one generated all sorts of offshoots that were ripe for ridicule, and in that sense, didn’t change cartooning one bit.
Jerry Falwell, in a TV appearance with Pat Robertson on his 700 Club show, couldn’t have said it better if he were bin Laden himself, when he called the terror attacks God’s wrath. It was also reasonable to question why the government didn’t see this coming, given the attack on the USS Cole and other attacks. Geraldo Rivera, switching sides like a Taliban commander, from CNN Clinton defender to Fox warrior journalist, also made for an appealing target.
Not all cartoonists were supportive of our leaders, directly or indirectly.
When Bush on Sept. 18 said, “It’s time to get back to work,” Joel Pett of the Lexington Herald Leader took him at his word and got back to his work as a cartoonist by drawing “W” in a simian pose, about six inches tall, nipping at Dick Cheney’s heels saying, “War against evil, huh, Uncle Dick? Evil!”
Pett thinks the cartoons immediately after the attacks were “terrible because people were scared. They didn’t know if these were the first four of a hundred or what.” He thinks the best work was produced in October and November and that the whole idea that the disaster made cartooning difficult is “ludicrous.” He says the thing that changed is that people pay more attention to the rest of world now, something they should have done all along. That change makes it easier now to draw about international subjects that in the past bored readers and caused editors to mutter.
Though he makes it clear he doesn’t blame anyone but the terrorists themselves for the attacks, Pett said less American ignorance about the anger out there might have helped prevented them.
Why go overseas, though, looking for passionate anger directed at Americans, when you only need to go to Phoenix?
“A significant wet towel has been thrown over a lively profession,” says Steve Benson, cartoonist for the Arizona Republic.
He says that he is inundated with e-mail, phone calls and letters to the editor over his steady stream of cartoons opposed to the war in Afghanistan. A caller warned him he would be interviewed by the Justice Department and then jailed. The same caller informed him the First Amendment is only an entitlement to correct opinion.
Ignoring this counsel, Benson opines that he is “astounded by American disregard for international law” and that he finds this disregard “obscenely hypocritical.” He feels the prisoners at Camp X-Ray at the Guantanamo Naval Station in Cuba are not illegal combatants and should be declared prisoners of war and given full Geneva Convention protection and not interrogated. At the same time, he is “horrified and outraged” by the Sept. 11 attacks, and he believes Osama bin Laden’s video tapes prove his responsibility.
Despite irate reader response, Benson’s cartoons remain in his paper.
A cartoon by Don Wright of the Palm Beach Post trumps Benson’s idealistic view of the human rights of terrorist prisoners with a practical concern. In the cartoon, the view is from behind a man talking on the phone while looking out the window at a jetliner fast approaching the window. The man says, “It’s September 11th! I’m in the World Trade Center! Quick! Connect me with a Civil Libertarian!”
One of the first cartoons to get national attention suggesting not all cartoonists are out there on hallowed ground with Geraldo was by Aaron McGruder, creator of “The Boondocks.” His Thanksgiving Day strip plowed against the current of the mainstream when his character, Huey Freeman, offered a Thanksgiving blessing comparing Bush to bin Laden.
Also outside the mainstream is Ted Rall of Universal Press Syndicate. Rall thinks the last thing Afghanistan needs is more bombing. He says that the country is blessed with “two natural resources, dust and rocks”. He’s in a position to know. He’s been to central Asia four times and had visited all the “stans” except Afghanistan. To satisfy his craving to complete the cycle, he persuaded Village Voice and KFI radio in Los Angeles to spring for him to cover the war in Afghanistan.
Rarely does a cartoonist get out from behind his drawing board to do anything other than read and watch cable news to form the basis of his cartoons.
Rall found that Pashtuns, Uzbeks and Daris got along together, in many cases, better than many ethnic groups in America.
He also found that the more you pay the less you are respected by Afghans, which could help explain some of the experiences reported by deep pocket news organizations.
Because his backers didn’t supply him with enough cash to meet the inflated demands of Afghans for bribes and services, he had to negotiate and was usually successful.
Rall isn’t convinced that al Qaeda was responsible for the attacks, and he doesn’t think going after them will prevent future attacks. He seems to favor what we now call “giving in to terrorism.”
He calls it “taking the wind out of their sails,” and it includes withdrawing from Saudi Arabia and backing off on support to Israel. With that he feels the strength of radical Islam will evaporate much as the radical left lost its punch with the end of the Vietnam War.
The war on terrorism has changed the view of authority for some and awakened an instinct for survival that many of us didn’t know existed. It doesn’t seem, however, to have stifled freedom of expression for editorial cartoonists. If anything it has provided us with issues to take seriously where there weren’t many before. It has ended the Gary Condit drama and settled the question of who the real president is.
And it has provided us with nifty phrases like “evil doers.”
Maybe some good can come from terror after all.
Bok, a Pulitzer Prize finalist for editorial cartooning in 1997, has been the staff editorial cartoonist for the Akron Beacon Journal since 1987. His cartoons appear in more than 100 publications, and his book, Crisis in Cartoons, will be published this fall. Bok also chairs the steering committee of the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press.Presented By
Media Partner
Become “Bankable” from the Aftermath of 2020’s Global Pandemic
05/27/2021 CST • Workshop Room 3
When you hear the word bankable and accredited, what is the first meaning comes to mind as a business owner?We want to provide you clarity on the terminologies and meaning on how to successfully apply this meaning into a successive long-term plan within your business module. We believe as business owners multi-tasking our personal lifestyle to self discover we don't have an income problem we have a cashflow problem. Lenders may frown upon the consistency of cashflow generated besides the annual revenues earned after taxes. When all personal bills and business expenses are paid, what is left over? It should be our cashflow and this what's makes us bankable. Yet, the question is Do your business have a longterm strategic cashflow management plan resilient in an environment of uncertainty?Learn from the pros of accredited business owners and investor to share their insight and wisdom to staying resilient for not just your business yet your empower your employees and household as a wholeStep-down, residential short breaks and specialist health placements for children with complex health needs or who are technology dependent are often funded by CCGs and/or social care.
Education and residential care placements for children are funded in a variety of ways, including via the child’s local authority, their local clinical commissioning group, via social care, or a combination where commissioners agree to jointly fund.
Whichever authority pays for the cost of the treatment, you can rest assured that this will all happen behind the scenes between the funder and The Children’s Trust, meaning that you can concentrate on being a parent or member of a clinical team and focus on the child and their needs.
For further information on funding for a placement, please contact our dedicated Placements Team on 01737 365 080 or complete an online enquiry form.When I lived in Israel I got to know another American oleh (immigrant) named Eric Lee. Like me, Eric is a pro-labor social democrat/democratic socialist who shared my exasperation at the lack of class consciousness within Israel’s left-wing political parties (a subject for another post). As a good socialist, Eric lived on a kibbutz where, during Binyamin Netanyahu’s term as prime minister, he produced a proto-weblog called BibiWatch. Eric then started a website called LabourStart, devoted to tracking worldwide trade-union activity and exchanging ideas. A few years ago he relocated to London and is now one of the acknowledged mavens on how the labor movement can best take advantage of cyberspace.
Here Eric reports on a meeting with a representative with the recently-formed Iraqi Federation of Trade Unions. (The official “unions” of the Saddam Hussein era were, of course, unions in name only.)
The IFTU was officially formed following a meeting attended by some 400 people at the headquarters of the transport union in Baghdad in May. It lists its goals as the following:
* workers rights;
* a new democratic trade union movement actively involved in influencing economic and social policies and rebuilding civil society, together with other social movements;
* the increased role of women at all levels within unions and civil society;
* cooperation with international and regional labour movements, and also to seek their help and cooperation to equip Iraqi working people with new skills and knowledge;
* special attention to social and economic needs of disabled people (of which there are many after Saddam’s war).
The IFTU has made contact with the “unions” in neighboring Syria which, as Eric points out, are no more authentic than the Saddam-era unions in Iraq. Obviously it would be good if free and democratic unions around the world would offer their solidarity and assistance to the IFTU as well. this ringing endorsement the publishing director of Le Figaro is reported to have favoured his son, upon surfacing from a volume of Bossuet, the seventeenth-century bishop whose own memory rested upon a rare talent for funeral orations.
There is a distinguishable ‘fault line’ between the life and the music of Lucien Denis Gabriel Albéric Magnard. Born in Paris on 9 June 1865, he was an exact contemporary of Sibelius, Nielsen (to the day), Dukas and Glazunov. To the last of these he bears a qualified resemblance through patiently acquired mastery of counterpoint. In other respects the connection is much stronger with his compatriots Dukas, d’Indy, Chausson and Joseph Guy Ropartz.
François Magnard occupied his executive post with Le Figaro from 1879 until his death in 1894. His son Albéric thus grew up in an affluent household where professional success of a particular kind seems to have been paternally taken for granted. This was exacerbated by bereavement: Albéric had been left motherless at the age of four. One can readily imagine the poignant difficulties of a genuine paternal love and concern repressed and distorted by all the stoically regimental instincts keeping widowed grief perpetually at bay. To such an emotional climate one may attribute much in the younger Magnard’s character, both as musical voice and as man (the two are seldom easy to disentangle). Conscious of his father’s necessary financial support but resentful of implicit pressure in particular career directions, Albéric railed inwardly at the ‘fils du Figaro’ tag with which others saddled him. A sardonic determination to be recognized only on his own merits was to dominate the rest of his life. His father’s Bossuet-provoked outburst may be read as an expression of the baffled exasperation, part humorous, part despairing, which only closest kith and kin can awaken.
Albéric passed his baccalaureate in 1882 and was then sent for six months to the improbable surroundings of the Benedictine abbey at Ramsgate: an ostensibly misguided move, given his father’s hope that (in Martin Cooper’s words) ‘contact with the tough regardlessness of British youth would be beneficial’. After military service came law school, from which Albéric duly graduated in 1887. At this point he began to manifest rather more tough regardlessness than his father might have bargained for. Having hitherto shown relatively little musical talent, and despite the beckoning of an easy professional ride through the ready-made paternal empire, he renounced all comfortable options. Some sources report that he entered the Paris Conservatoire in 1886 (before graduating in law), others 1887. How long he had harboured this scheme must remain uncertain. However, his friend Savard had recently won the Prix de Rome. Much more momentously, perhaps, Magnard himself had already travelled extensively (no doubt suffering with dignity his condition of financial dependency). He had thus been present at a Bayreuth performance of Wagner’s Tristan und Isolde in 1886. In this he was far from alone among French musicians of his day: Debussy’s initial passion for Wagner is well known; Chausson was at Bayreuth in 1882; and Fauré and Messager pursued Wagner performances to England in 1882, finally attending Bayreuth two years later than Magnard. (‘If one has not heard Wagner at Bayreuth, one has heard nothing!’, wrote Fauré to his friend Mme Baugnies afterwards.)
The extent of Wagner’s impact is frequently exaggerated in relation to Fauré’s compositions themselves, and it would be similarly easy to overstate the case with Magnard (on account of his neglect few have had occasion to do so). At the Conservatoire Magnard studied counterpoint with Théodore Dubois and attended the classes of Massenet. He evidently saw both as a means to an end and made no attempt to court the friendship of his mentors, though his graduation in 1888 with the premier prix in harmony suggests that he must have been regarded with favour. Massenet’s personal charm was legendary, but Magnard’s family background had already stamped him with that abiding hatred of even the suspicion of nepotism. In any case, the formative encounter of his artistic life was yet to come. Clearly not an easy man to befriend, like others of his type he evinced an unshakeable loyalty to those whose understanding and acceptance of his personality had allowed them into his small inner circle. His fellow Conservatoire pupil Ropartz was one such. A year older than Magnard, like him he had graduated in law. More significantly, he had done so in memorial tribute to his father, having been orphaned during adolescence. The close bond which developed between Magnard and Ropartz led the latter to introduce Magnard to the circle of César Franck, which included the crucial figure of Vincent d’Indy, whom Magnard met at the salon of the poet Robert de Bonnières and with whom he completed his musical studies between 1888 and 1892. D’Indy was yet another lawyer manqué, and by double coincidence his mother had not survived his birth. Under the guidance of this kindred spirit (despite their many differences of worldly outlook) Magnard willingly threw himself into rigorous study of fugue and orchestration. The fruits of both can be seen in his symphonies, the first two of which were composed while still under d’Indy’s direct supervision.
After four years of study Magnard decided that he was ready to pursue his career alone. Soon after this he was devastated by the death of his father. In the face of many worries (and, doubtless, disappointments) over his son, François Magnard had remained his staunchest ally. Fatherly loyalty had been evident in his willingness to support the Franckian musical circle with newspaper publicity, sometimes at his own expense, and he had been a generous parent earlier, even if a weight of professional expectation had merely been emphasized thereby. His son now experienced all the conflicting emotions of resentment, guilt, regret, gratitude and isolation (he was not to meet Julia Creton, his future wife, for another two years). The result of this experience was the orchestral Chant Funèbre, Op 9. In 1896, the year of his Third Symphony and of his marriage, Magnard became a counterpoint tutor at the Schola Cantorum in Paris, newly instituted under d’Indy’s leadership. Three years later a concert of Magnard’s works elicited generally favourable reviews and created a small but devoted circle of admirers. His first (single-act) attempt at opera, Yolande, had been completed in 1892. To this were added Guercœur, a three-act tragédie en musique, in 1900, and Bérénice (with the same designation) in 1909. Other significant works included a Violin Sonata (1901), String Quartet in E minor (1903), Piano Trio (1904) and Cello Sonata (1910), as well as the notable Hymne à la Justice (1902), an orchestral expression of Magnard’s dismay at the notorious Dreyfus trial. (It is interesting both that this reaction was diametrically opposed to that of the anti-Semitically inclined Catholic d’Indy, and that the bond between the two composers was in no way diminished.) The Fourth Symphony did not appear until 1913. By that time its composer had weathered many years of difficulties in the promotion of his compositional career. Averse to strident publicity, Magnard published the works listed as Opp 8 to 20 at his own expense. Bérénice was performed in 1911 but made little impact. A character such as his bore at its heart a capacity for bitter disillusionment; what one biographer aptly termed ‘une franchise sans nuances’ (a brutal, ‘black-and-white’ honesty) was all too easily turned in upon itself. The closing pages of the Fourth Symphony have the unsettlingly confessional air of turning wearily back from an intended grand peroration, as if recognizing that its triumph could only be hollow; and by the time the work stood complete, Paris was resounding to the scandalized reception of Le Sacre du Printemps, the work of a modernist Russian enfant terrible named Stravinsky. Magnard was in danger of being left behind in the footnotes of history, and may have known it.
In 1904 Magnard had moved with his wife and two daughters to the Manoir des Fontaines at Baron, twenty miles to the north of Paris. In September 1914 he remained at his home as the German advance gathered pace. He had sent his wife and daughters away to safety, a fact whose poignancy is usually lost in the telling (there is no reason to suppose that his marriage was other than happy, and one surviving painting of him, presumably in token of affection, is by his daughter Ondine). He had evidently undertaken that he would conduct himself becomingly in any dealings with the German forces provided that they did the same.
Accounts differ as to the precise details of what followed. It seems that on 3 September a party of German cavalry entered Magnard’s estate, and that, taking this as an infringement of the agreement somehow already made, the composer fired on them from an upper window, killing one soldier and possibly two. Return of fire was inevitable. Not content with this, the German detachment then torched the house, whose solitary occupant perished unseen within. The symbolic temptations of this violent but somehow characteristically enigmatic end have tended to blind commentators to the tragic loss in the flames of much of Magnard’s actual work: the fire destroyed all existing copies of Yolande, a freshly completed cycle of a dozen songs, and the full score of two whole acts from Guercœur, to name only those things which are known to have existed. Joseph Guy Ropartz, Magnard’s old friend and ally, who had mounted a production of the third act of Guercœur in 1908, later achieved the extraordinarily devoted feat of reconstructing what had been lost of the work, which was first performed in its entirety in 1931. (Ropartz, himself a composer of six symphonies, died in 1955 at the age of ninety-one.) Magnard’s reputation, however, awaits its own ‘hymne à la justice’. That his actual consignment to oblivion should have been for decades his most widely remembered detail is an irony which would hardly have been lost upon such an unfulfilled and self-lacerating personality.
‘… At times ironically gay, at times deeply reflective. By nature he was upright, proud and unsociable, with something dour in him manifest in his accent and his abrupt form of speech.’ Thus Magnard was recalled by Pierre Lalo, music critic and son of the composer Édouard. It is easy to see how the child was father to the man, and how he had all the makings of his own worst enemy where self-advertisement and recognition were concerned (he was deeply suspicious of expressions of admiration unless he received them from within his small inner circle). More damagingly, he is remembered not least for having exclaimed:
L’artiste qui ne puise pas sa force dans l’abnégation est ou près de sa mort ou près du déshonneur.
The artist who does not find strength in self-denial is close either to death or to dishonour.
It is perfectly possible that this was uttered in semi-humorous mock despair, like his father’s outburst quoted above (sadly prophetic of Albéric’s future). Equally, self-denial may have referred more to life than to art itself. But cold print has done Magnard no favours, and one is left marvelling at the disparity between these luxuriant scores and the misconceptions which have led commentators unquestioningly to embrace an unreliable received wisdom: ‘orchestration plain and unsubtle’ (!) … ‘sober, intense yet rather severe’ … ‘dramatically rather dull’ … ‘austere in effect’. So run the dubious accolades to be found in encyclopaedia entries under this composer. As has been suggested, a certain austerity is one of Magnard’s most positive attributes. For the rest, these descriptions tell either only part of the story or another one altogether. Certainly few readers of such words would be prepared for the vivid drama, plangent melancholy and, let it be said, thoroughly hedonistic joy in sheer orchestral colour which characterize these symphonies. In particular they are likely to surprise with their formidable grandeur: overshadowed as he has been by the Everests of his time, Magnard is no mere foothill, and his Symphony No 4 in particular awaits the same sort of fascinated response as that remote Himalayan summit which until recently remained undetected in defiance of all technological probability. Thanks to his diminutive namesake in Der Ring des Nibelungen Albéric may be the unwitting stuff of jokes as the composer ‘dwarfed’ by Wagner. It is also to be hoped, however, that with these recordings the perennial confusion of outward man with inner muse can finally be laid to rest.
from notes by Francis Pott © 1998Ted Elliott
Highest Rated: 95% Aladdin (1992)
Lowest Rated: 30% The Lone Ranger (2013)
Birthday: Jul 4, 1961
Birthplace: Santa Ana, California, USA
Oscar nominee Ted Elliott has proved to be one of Hollywood's most successful screenwriters, having penned several acclaimed blockbusters with his writing partner Terry Rossio. In 1989, the duo earned their first screenwriting credit for "Little Monsters," the monster-under-the-bed buddy-comedy starring Fred Savage and Howie Mandel. Though the film was not hugely successful in theaters, the writing team caught the attention of Disney's animation studios and were hired to pen the Arabian Nights tale "Aladdin." Released in 1992, the animated adventure proved to be a critically praised hit, and while Elliott and Rossio went on to experiment with different genres, they often returned to family-friendly adventures--though with varying degrees of success. In 2000, their treasure questing adventure, "The Road to El Dorado," was a box office flop. Their 2001 effort "Shrek," which told the tale of an ogre with a heart of gold, was wildly popular, earning nearly $500 million in gross revenue, attracting fans both young and old, winning numerous accolades including an Oscar nod for the writers and an Oscar win for Best Animated Feature. While the fractured fairy tale also proved to be the start of a "Shrek" franchise, Elliott and Rossio moved on to tales of pirates, penning Disney's high seas adventure "Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl." This too proved successful and has led to a string of sequels penned by the pair. Looking to give back, the widely regarded screenwriters founded a website to help struggling writers: Wordplayer.com.Today marks the first day of horrific Yulin
As China's cruel Yulin dog meat festival kicks off, actress Dame Judi Dench, and violinist Vanessa-Mae send out heart-felt messages of support for activists campaigning to bring an end to the festival.
The annual event, which sees thousands of dogs, as well as cats, beaten to death and eaten, with the majority of them stolen companion animals from people's gardens, and the streets. There are often numerous violent clashes between dog thieves and those who are against the festival.
Dame Judi and Vanessa-Mae are the latest celebrities to support animal charity Humane Society International (HSI), which works with animal group partners across China to end the dog meat trade, of which the week-long festival at Yulin is one small but now globally symbolic part.
Other celebrities who have supported HSI's #EndYulin campaign in previous years, include Alesha Dixon, Professor Green, Will Young, Kelly Osbourne, Ricky Gervais, and Simon Cowell.
'It fills me with sadness'
Actress Dame Judi Dench sent a message of support for the petition delivery,."
'Show you have a heart'
Violinist Vanessa-Mae showed her support with a video message, saying: \"Please join us in solidarity as we want to see an end to China's barbaric dog meat trade including the horrific Yulin dog meat festival… Along with compassionate people in China, who do care about dog welfare, please show that you also have a heart, and support us in calling on China to end such cruel and heart breaking treatment of dogs.\"
Yesterday, as HSI and Care2 delivered a 1.5 million-signature petition to the Chinese Embassy, they were joined by dogs who were rescued from past Yulins. Snorki, Fred and two dogs named Lily were saved from Yulin slaughterhouses in 2016 and 2018 by Chinese partner groups supported by HSI.
'An unspeakably cruel trade'
Already, HSI's activist partners have rescued 62 dogs from this year's Yulin, who are now receiving veterinary treatment for malnutrition, mange, distemper, pneumonia and bronchitis.
Claire Bass, Executive Director of Humane Society International, says: \."
"Dogs like Snorki, Fred and Lily are amazing ambassadors for our campaign to end this horror, we are proud to deliver this petition with them. And we're immensely proud to support dedicated animal advocates in China who passionately work to end the dog meat trade, saving so many lives along the way.\"
Not a tradition
Many people believe that Yulin is a traditional festival, stemming from years of history, yet this is not the case. It was only invented in 2010 by dog traders trying to boost flagging meat sales. Before the festival started, Yulin had no history of mass dog slaughter and consumption.
In the first years of the festival, as many as 15,000 dogs were killed during the core festival days, but Chinese and international pressure has seen this figure decline to around 3,000 dogs.
However, more needs to be done - many hundreds are still killed each day in the weeks leading up to the festival. Additionally, an estimated 10 million dogs and 4 million cats are killed for meat throughout the year across China.tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-1791860108829806850.post6558372961753852158..comments2021-11-26T11:15:18.930-05:00Comments on Simple and Serene Living: EMBRACING THE AGING PROCESSSImple and Serene Living I mention something that may not sound very ni...Rita I guess you can find pros and cons with both.... Kelly of us who continue to age are the lucky ones... Chris K in Wisconsin upcoming birthday, Dayle. Embrace it for the...Happy upcoming birthday, Dayle. Embrace it for the wonderful thing that it is. :)SImple and Serene Living I look at my past, Lorrie I realize that alth...When I look at my past, Lorrie I realize that although I learned a lot from it I wouldn't want to go back there.SImple and Serene Living is absolutely a wonderful gift, Laurie.It is absolutely a wonderful gift, Laurie.SImple and Serene Living's true, Brenda :)That's true, Brenda :)SImple and Serene Living is lovely to let go of all of those unnecessary...It is lovely to let go of all of those unnecessary things in life.SImple and Serene Living'm trying, I'm trying ... and I have a bi...I'm trying, I'm trying ... and I have a birthday around the corner. A biggie!Dayle ~ A Collection of Days are definite benefits to aging, and it's...There are definite benefits to aging, and it's best to focus on those because the challenges of aging can be overwhelming. I'm enjoying where I am in life just now and have no desire to turn back the clock. Lorrie yes, lets embrace getting older, great advice,...yes yes, lets embrace getting older, great advice, wise words,, I would never want to turn the clock back, never ever , even if it meant returning my eye sight to me, the past once lived is exactly that, the past,, the present is our gift,Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-1791860108829806850.post-51107468374221845402015-10-05T16:01:56.848-04:002015-10-05T16:01:56.848-04:00Every time anyone mentions getting old to me, I te...Every time anyone mentions getting old to me, I tell them it beats the alternative.<br />BrendaBrenda Pruitt have enjoyed the freedom I have found in aging, ...I have enjoyed the freedom I have found in aging, too!Linda @ Itsy Bits And PiecesDua Lipa she just shared a ton of photos of herself in a gorgeous pink butterfly-themed outfit.
She worked on a bikini-style wrap top with a butterfly appliqué that showed off her toned abs, paired with a matching silky skirt that had just emerged from her sculpted legs.
When she’s short on time, Dua does a quick 15-minute HIIT session to start the day.
Dua Lipa works hard writing, recording, and performing music. And going through the daily grind can make you realize how much you need a break, now. Well, Dua just got one and shared the results on Instagram in a total photo dump.
The “Levitating” singer shared tons of photos of herself in a beautiful pink butterfly-themed outfit. Dua worked a bikini-style wrap top with a butterfly appliqué that showed off her toned abs, paired with a matching silky skirt that had just emerged from her sculpted legs. Strappy butterfly heels and a pink and white padding completed the look.
“We need a night with the girls 💓🦋,” he wrote in the caption.
People got scared by the comments. “The prettiest fairy ever,” wrote one person. “How can anyone be so perfect 😍😍😍❤️❤️😍❤️❤️” said another.
The 26-year-old has made it clear that she works hard for that body-ody-ody. In fact, Dua previously said Live that, “I try to exercise as much as I can.”
For Dua, that means starting her days off with a workout. “Whether it’s at Zoom, doing a workout with my friend Ella in Los Angeles, who runs a spectacular training class called Sculpt With Ella, or with my best friend Bunny, who comes to train me on days when I feel super lazy and need someone to motivate me, exercising really starts the day right, “he said. Refinery29.
Related Video: Dua Lipa’s Best Looks So Far
However, that’s not ~ all ~ Dua does. She said Refinery29 who also loves doing yoga, pilates, and strength training, adding, “I like to ditch my cardio training to dance.”
If you’re short on time, Dua said she’ll do quick interval training. “I love doing something that is really fast and fast, like a 15 minute HIIT session that I can do before I start my day,” he said. Live. “If I have a call too early, I don’t want to wake up hours earlier than necessary to go exercise. So a high intensity workout, a shower, a breakfast and I’m on my way. “
Two said Marie Claire United Kingdom that she’s willing to try new workouts when she’s on the go. “When I have a little more time on my side, I love mixing a lot of different workouts, finding different workouts in whatever city I’m in, be it yoga, Pilates, boxing or spinning,” he said. “Whatever it is, I try to change it every day to keep things interesting. When you’re on a tour bus, every day and every place is different, so you never know what you’re going to find. That’s always one. way to keep it interesting. “
Dua also loves to cook for her.
“With everything I do to get to work, it’s nice to come home, slow down, and connect with the food that nourishes my body and my life,” she said. Refinery 29. That said, it definitely delivers.
“I love naughty treats, ”she told Beauty Crew. “But I try to limit it to days when I’m not that busy because if I eat a donut, it usually puts me in a food coma.”
You might also likeManitoba Healthy Women Campaign
Manitoba Healthy Women is an organization I created for a campaign fighting for better funding and access to reproductive health care for Manitoban women. This campaign’s goal is to provide funding and better access to reproductive healthcare and get people to understand that reproductive health is healthcare and needs to be treated as such.
Covid-19 Mask
This expression allows people to gather to protest while still being safe and caters to the times we are in now.
Tote Bag
A bag is carried around everywhere you go. The message and brand will be made aware this way.
Website
Here is the website for Manitoba Healthy Women. Users will learn more about the organization, and its campaign, donate, find out events and scheduled protests and the details.
Mug
A mug is also an expression that people take with them in many places, most commonly work, which can further spread awareness.
T-Shirt
This expression can be worn anytime anywhere.Panasonic Life Solutions India presents Cordless Impact Driver EYFLB1AGet Price
Panasonic Life Solutions India offers 8V/21.6 Impact Wrench with advanced fastening features like Torque control, Cross thread reduction, Auto battery Shut Down, etcGet Price
approx. 90 N·m. (M14 bolt) Torque control function operating range. approx. 6—30 N·m. Torque Setting. 30 stage + F (without torque setting mode) Flush Detection Mode Applications. L1: For lighter loads during fastener run down. L2: For prevailing torque during run down and varying joint rate applicationsGet Price
Manufacturer of Portable Cabins, Shaft Impact Crusher & Stone Crusher Plant offered by Roljack Asia Limited from Udaipur, Rajasthan, India . impact crusher how to work easier. Roljack Asia Limited. Kaladwas, Udaipur, Rajasthan . limestone shoe and anvil vsi from india craftr. GST No. 08AAFCR5545R1ZL . environmental pyrrhotite vertical shaft impact crusher manufacturer from india. TrustSEAL Verified . iron ore. Call …Get Price
Your crushing and sizing solutions need to be able to cope with whatever you throw at them – reliably, and in good time . impact crushers. We have been working in mines and rock quarries for more than 100 years, supplying machines for every stage of the manufacturing process . granite impact crushers in india. Our … . granite impact crusher from india discount saleGet Price
Stone Crusher is the widely used as primary crusher machine for crushing process . calcining ore impact crusher in india. Stone crusher is needed to crush the large stone into small particles in order to make stone aggregate or stone powder. Generally we manufacture all type of spare parts for crusher … . gold mine shoe and anvil vsi in india saleGet Price
Oct 26, 2020· Used gold ore impact crusher manufacturer in india. 9used gold ore impact crusher manufacturer in india. impact crusher the impact crusher is suitable for processing side not exceeding 500mm the compressive strength less than 350 mpa various coarse medium and fine materials granite limestone concrete etc widely used in water and electricity highway artificial sand …Get Price
Welcome to India’s well respected manufacturer of high quality crushing and screening equipment . gold mine impact rock crushers working principle in india. Gujarat Apollo Industries Ltd. hails from Mehsana district of Gujarat and is the flagship company of Apollo group of Industries . magnetite. Established around 50 years ago, Apollo group has catered the Earthmoving industry in India and abroad with its highGet Price
2020-10-23 · dolimite cone crusher exporter in angola CAESAR Heavy .Get
Manufacturer of Pulverizer Machine And Mills, Gram Flour Mill Processing Machine & Dalia Making Machine offered by Modern Pulverisers from New Delhi, Delhi, India . high end chrome ore vsi crushersGet Price
Nanchang Mineral Systems is an excellent global manufacturer of high-end crushing and screening equipment systems and a full-industry chain operator of general contracting for mine processing . calcining ore impact crusher in india sell at a loss. It has set up overseas branches in South Africa, Malaysia, Russia, Australia and India . impact rock crushers. End users are located in mines, hydropower at home and abroadGet Price
A world leader in mining equipment and rock excavation . shoe and anvil vsi in india. Our constantly evolving offering for mining and rock excavation covers rock drilling, rock cutting, crushing and screening, loading and hauling, tunneling, quarrying and breaking and demolition . environmental impact rock crushers how to work easier in india. No matter the terrain, material or ground hardness, we'll ensure you're matched with the rightGet Price
Chaoyang Hongsheng Machine Building Co., Ltd was built in 1986, and is located at Beipiao, Liaoning, China . new horizontal impact roll crusher from india yields. Our 130,000m 2 factory produces dust-collecting, mining, construction and conveying equipment . aluminum hydroxide impact crushers minimum output per hour in india. Installing successful projects in mainland China. Our clients make repeat orders for our electrostatic precipitators and bag filters, which are . environmental impact crusher in india average outputGet Price
2021-8-13 · Broadcom Inc. is a global technology leader that designs, develops and supplies semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions . efficient carbon black impact crusherGet PriceFormer UK Prime Minister Tony Blair said that US-led intervention to Iraq in 2003 contributed to the rise of ISIL.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — US-led intervention to Iraq in 2003 contributed to the rise of the Islamic State (ISIL) militant group, former UK Prime Minister Tony Blair told CNN in the interview that is expected to be revealed on Sunday.
“I think there are elements of truth in that. Of course you can’t say those of us who removed [former Iraqi leader] Saddam [Hussein] in 2003 bear no responsibility for the situation in 2015,” Blair said in the interview, answering the question on whether he thought invasion of Iraq led to the rise of the ISIL, as quoted by The Telegraph newspaper.
Blair added that he apologized for “wrong” intelligence and poor planning of the conflict details. However he refused to apologize for ousting Hussein from power.
The United Kingdom was part of a US-led coalition that invaded Iraq in 2003, without a UN mandate, after falsely accusing Hussein of possessing weapons of mass destruction
ISIL is an extremist group that occupies large areas of Iraq and Syria and seeks to establish a caliphate ruled by strict Sharia law on the territory under its control. The group has affiliates operating in other countries, including Yemen, Pakistan and Afghanistan.
By Sputnik News-  three-year undergraduate degree course offered by the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University, Coimbatore, and approved by The Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR).
Admission Process
Sixty-Five percent (65%) of the sanctioned admission capacity will be admitted through Tamil Nadu Agricultural University single window system counseling and the remaining 35% will be admitted directly by Palar Agricultural College – Kothamarikuppam by following the Tamil Nadu Agricultural university eligibility norms and merit
Eligibility Criteria
To be eligible, a candidate must have passed 10+2 science examination with PCB/PCBM/PCM/10+2 Agriculture having scored not less than 50% marks in aggregate with condition that candidates coming from different streams must take remedial courses as prescribed.NewSawChains.Co.Uk
Stihl MS200 / MS 200 Chainsaw Chain 16" (40cm) - 3616 000 0055 / 36160000055 PS3 - 55 Drive Links
- Regular price
- £20.50 GBP
- Regular price
- Sale price
- £20.50 GBP
- Unit price
- per
Stihl 36160000055 Chainsaw Chain - Stihl Picco Super 3 - PS3 - 55 Drive Links fits 16" (40<<0
Reviews
Train Stations in Swindon
-
Pewsey
North Street, Pewsey, Swindon, Wiltshire, SN9 5ER
+44 (0) 345 700 0125
Got a sec? Are you able to write a short review of Pewsey Station in Swindon? Tell us about your experiences by writing a Pewsey Station Swindon review and help build a list of the best train stations in Swindon. Are you the business owner of Pewsey
What we stand for
Hello! We are George, Joan, Kevin & Kim Pacheco.
We and our beloved animals are the Pacheco family behind Pacheco Kennels. We have been in business since 1972, and we breed only the highest quality AKC Labrador Retrievers and AKC Vizslas. In addition, we are responsible breeders who have been blessed with the most extraordinary animals. Our facility is at our home and is on 10 acres, so it provides the perfect environment and conditions to give the utmost care to our animals. We pride ourselves in the fairness of our business practices, the satisfaction of our customers, and most importantly- we cut no corner nor spare no expense to make sure that our animals are the healthiest and happiest possible.
We are true animal lovers to the core, and not just for our animals. As you can see by the posts by Animal rescue shelters on our Pacheco Kennels Facebook page each month, Pacheco Kennels donates 1,000 pounds of dog and cat food to shelters in need. We whole heartedly believe that all animals should be as happy as they make us and cared for accordingly.
Owners, George and Joan, have 42 years of experience in providing customers with the care, warmth, and excellence in breed standards that Pacheco Kennels has become known for. We are so greatful for our loyal following of customers which have become more of a community than customer base. Please dont take our word for it. Check out our social media sites to see for yourself. See photos on instagram #pachecokennels. Our facebook page is a great way to see our customers' feedback and reviews. We will continue to raise the bar in what you should be able to expect from your breeder, and we thank you for considering Pacheco Kennels while searching for your new best friend. We deeply appreciate all of you who have become part of the Pacheco Kennels family over the years. Thank you.
Please feel free to reach out to us by email or text message any time, or by phone call 7 days a week 7 am until 8 pm on Kim's cell phone 508-254-8444. (text or call 508-254-8444) (Email pachecokennels@gmail.com). If you need to contact George or Joan directly, please call the home at 508-822-7510
We thank you for viewing our website, and hope to hear from you soon.
Sincerely,
george, joan, kevin, and Kim Pacheco
Nearly three out of four people accept that the world's climate is changing but the proportion of sceptics in Britain has risen to 19%, an increase of 15% since 2005, a new survey of public attitudes to climate change and nuclear power has found.
The research, conducted by Cardiff University and the National Institute for Environmental Studies in Japan, showed a marked decrease, from 91% to 72%, in the proportion of people who accepted that the Earth's climate was changing. But nearly two-thirds of people agreed that extreme weather events have become more frequent in Britain in the past 10 years. Of those people, 74% attributed this increased frequency to climate change.
Two years after the Fukushima accident in Japan, the study found that support for nuclear power in Britain had barely changed but had reached an all-time low in Japan. The proportion of British respondents who wanted to see nuclear power continued at current levels or increased rose marginally to 43% from 42% eight years ago, although fewer people said they wanted to see it phased out or shut down (50% in 2005, 47% in 2010 and 40% in 2013). The research found that fewer people than in 2005 were willing to accept the building of new nuclear power stations as part of efforts to tackle climate change.
In comparison, renewable energy was far more popular than nuclear or coal. Solar power was backed by 77% of people, and wind power by 64%. Across all forms of electricity generation, nuclear (34%), coal (33%) and oil (34%) were the least favoured. Support for wind power had declined significantly since 2005 when very few windfarms had been constructed and 82% were in favour of them.
In comparison with Britain, an overwhelming majority of the Japanese people questioned said they had completely lost trust in the safety and regulation of nuclear power after the accident. Some 76% of respondents wanted to see nuclear phased out gradually or immediately Just 17% of Japanese respondents said they were willing to accept the building of new nuclear power stations to tackle climate change, compared to 33% in 2007.
"British attitudes towards nuclear power have been surprisingly robust in the wake of the Fukushima accident, and trust in regulation has held up fairly well. However, in reality, nuclear power remains relatively unpopular as compared to renewable energy sources," said lead researcher Dr Wouter Poortinga of the Welsh school of architecture at Cardiff University.
," said Midori Aoyagi of the National Institute for Environmental Studies, Japan.
"The Fukushima accident appears to have had a profound impact on public confidence in future electricity generation in Japan. The Japanese public is now less likely to think that any specific energy source will contribute to energy securityThere are new free audio items available for download at the People Like Us (PLU) universe. One of them is the work Vicky Bennett’s project developed based on the archives of electronic music pioneer Daphne Oram, having, under commission, reworked them into new compositions, to be presented as part of a day-long symposium at London's South Bank Centre.
Another fine commissioned work is the one PLU produced for the AV Festival "Now Hear This", entitled “Breaking Waves", which consisted in a series of short audio works to be broadcast via Bluetooth in Middlesbrough Town Centre. These brief musical compositions explore the humorous side to communication breakdowns in all their varied and surprising forms, in a series of misfiring musical arrangements, exploring the entertaining aspects of miscommunication, disharmony, bad connections and missed calls.
Finally, PLU have also issued two works that were originally mail-order only: “On The Rooftops Of London”, a session for the final edition of BBC Radio 3's "Mixing It" (broadcasted on February 9th 2007), and 2006’s “All Together Now”, that presents 27 minutes of new songs following visits to several music libraries, and appropriating favorites from the western world into a musical pantomime.
All this sound material can also be found at WFMU's Beware of the Blog.
On the video field, UbuWeb has made available PLU’s “Film Works (2002-2007)”, five full-length films and one incarnation of the project live set, which employ recycled materials from a variety of sources.
“We Edit Life” (2002) explores the theme of technology, using documentary, industrial and educational film footage from the Prelinger Archive and The Internet Archive. “The Remote Controller” (2003) uses found footage sourced from educational films to explore the way human body and machine interface in the 20th century. “Resemblage” (2004) was created using film from the LUX archive by artists Alan Berliner, Lawrence Jordan, PLU, Semiconductor and the Estate of Stan Vanderbeek. “Story Without End's” (2005) narrative is from a public domain film of the same name made in 1950 about the development of microwave radio transmission and the transistor. “Work, Rest & Play” (2007) is a video triptych exploring the themes of labour, leisure and industriousness. Finally, we have “Live at the WFMU Record Fair” (2003), a work that has been carefully constructed using industrial and documentary film footage from 1940-1975, By Corey Smith.
Photos: People Like Us
Sem comentários:
Enviar um comentárioSchneider Electric
Internal Communications Intern
06.
As a regional Internal Communications intern for the fast-growing East Asia & Japan geography, you will be part of the Global Marketing business function and collaborate with our professional IC contributor team across East Asia and Japan for all stages of IC campaigns and programs.
You will be empowered with vast amounts of learning opportunities from our structured and thoughtfully planned out Internship Program and benefit from its meaningful guidance, with you in mind. Your insightful contributions will help develop, expand and maintain our employee communication tactics, content and channels.
This empowering internship will help you acquire much sought-after real-world communication skills and provide you with knowledge of various IC and marketing strategies. Ultimately, you will be exposed to the exciting world of marketing and gain specific experience in communication and should be prepared to enter any fast-paced work environment.
What You Will Do
- Collaborate closely with regional IC team in East Asia & Japan (EAJP).
- Be empowered to take charge of internal content curation such as creating internal social media posts, writing articles and e-newsletters for SG & EAJP, developing content for live TV screens and creating infographics and corporate videos for internal broadcast.
- Manage the internal networking platforms and create content for its local and regional audience.
- Engage in planning & executing comms plan for notable product launches, projects, and key internal campaigns.
- Be empowered to edit the employee intranet website and employee email database.
- Plot and analyze quantitative and qualitative comms metrics and oversee the tracking of multiple key platforms to meet established KPIs.
- Provide support on administrative tasks including meeting arrangement, agenda, presentation preparations and other ad-hoc tasks.
- Present topics which are relevant to the department to various stakeholder audiences as needed.
Required Skills and Abilities
- Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Business, Mass Communications or Communications Studies, Marketing or equivalent.
- Self-driven / motivated individual.
- Passionate and desire to learn.
- Agile and ability to adapt quickly.
- Basic graphic design and video editing skills would be a bonus.
- Proficient in outlook, word, excel & PowerPoint.
- Strong analytical abilities with business acumen.
- Enthusiastic about content marketing & corporate communications.
- Excellent written and communication skills in English.
- Team player who is open-minded, high level of energy, enthusiastic and with a passion for self-development.
- Creative, innovative, data driven and a resourceful problem solver.
Closed a month ago
- Job type:Internships
- Disciplines:
Business and Commerce, Communications, Marketing and...
- Citizenships:
- Locations:
Singapore (Singapore)
- Closing Date:28th Oct 2021, 6:00 pm
Search
Enter an employer or university you want to find in our search bar.A ‘blog’ is short for ‘weblog’ that is defined as: “a regularly updated website or web page, typically one run by an individual or small group, that is written in an informal or conversational style.”
There are currently two blogs available on Rachel’s website.
Rachel’s Blog
Rachel’s Blog is where Rachel Maclean MP will write informal and conversational style articles to convey ideas or information in a more accessible way. Rachel’s blog includes updates from Westminster in a diary style, along with updates from Rachel’s work in the constituency.
Recent Posts
Rachel’s Guest Blog
From time-to-time Rachel will ask guests to write a piece for her website, which will be published as a guest blog post. This allows Rachel’s constituents to hear from other MPs, or directly from Government ministers and others in the community on a wide range of issues.
Recent Posts
Rachel: Budget shows the Government is delivering a stronger economy for people in Redditch
Rachel robustly responds to Environment Bill vote misinformation
Explainer on Lords’ Amendments to the Environment Bill: Storm Overflows
Redditch schools come together to tackle the climate crisis
Rachel to host Redditch COP26 Schools Summit
Rachel questions Acute Trust boss over trauma service changes
“It makes sense to everyone that the Alex should be better utilised.”
Rachel welcomes ‘Harper’s Law’
“Those who put their lives on the line to protect us should receive the full protection of the law and criminal justice system.”
Rachel backs new law to end child marriage
Rachel...
Rachel to health bosses: “No more dither and delay. Get the business case submitted for the multi-million pound investment in the Alex”
Writing...
Redditch unemployment rate continues to fall
Responding to the publication of October’s unemployment data, Rachel said: “The claimant count data published today is extremely encouraging as it shows the unemployment rate in Redditch has fallen for the eighth month in a row.“It’s reassuring that the end of the...Free commissioning guide to mark Trustees' Week
02/11/2011
NAVCA and the Local Government Association have today (2 Nov).
Produced by NAVCA's Local Commissioning and Procurement Unit, experts in local commissioning, the publication is not a detailed technical manual on 'how to tender'. Instead, it is a practical guide designed to give trustees the information they need at a time of significant change within the public sector. The guide provides information to allow trustees to understand the potential implications and impact of commissioning on their charity. The publication also gives information to trustees to help them bid for service contracts and make sure their organisation is 'tender and contract ready'
Pauline Kimantas, NAVCA's Local Commissioning and Procurement Unit manager said,
"Our work means we understand the issues that trustees face when making decisions about local commissioning and tendering of services. Often the pace of change is overwhelming.
"NAVCA has always argued that commissioning processes must include smaller local charities because we know that this is what gets the best results for local communities. To achieve this we need trustees of local charities to understand commissioning. We are delighted that the Local Government Association has supported us to produce this practical guide. Their support means that we can offer this to all trustees for free, a great way for us to mark Trustees Week."Welcome to Summertown Court
Entrance to secure gated parking
Gated car park to rear
The lounge
The lounge
stylish fully fitted kitchen
Super king-size bed
fully fitted bathroom
Rainhead shower
The stylish bedroom
Quality furnishings
Home entertainment system
from the lounge through to kitchen
Flat 4 exterior shot
City shot
Kids playground and basket ball area
North Oxford Tennis Club around the corner
St.Edwards playing fields opposite
St.Edwards playing fields oppositeDrugs case: NCB SIT to probe Aryan Khan, Armaan Kohli and Sameer Khan cases; To drop 3 cases
The high profile drugs case involving Shah Rukh Khan’s son Aryan Khan continues to create ripples in the industry. While the star kid has been out on bail at present, the case continues to be investigated by the Narcotics Control Bureau. In fact, an SIT was formed post an uproar over allegations of a payoff to an NCB official and it was reported that the team will be investigating six cases including Aryan Khan’s drugs case. However, as per a recent update, the SIT will now focus on just three cases at the moment.
The three cases which will be on the SIT’s priority list at the moment include Aryan Khan’s Mumbai cruise drugs bust case, Armaan Kohli’s case and NCP minister Nawab Malik’s son in law Sameer Khan’s case. To note, this decision was taken given the shortage of manpower. Talking about it NCB debut director Sanjay Singh told the Times of India, “Due to shortage of manpower we have now taken up only three cases to relook at investigations carried out and later, we will take up the other three”.
It is reported that the three cases dropped at the moment were about small drug seizures in Mumbra, Jogeshwari and Nagpada. Meanwhile talking about Aryan Khan’s case, he has been asked to mark his attendance at the NCB office every week and it was reported that he was grilled till midnight by the NCB’s SIT during his recent visit. Reportedly, he was asked about the circumstances under which he boarded the Cordelia Cruise ship, his friends' group and their drug related preferences as well as his alleged links to drug suppliers.
Also Read: Report: Aryan Khan grilled till midnight by NCB's SIT in cruise ship drugs case; Read details of the inquiry
Free Shipping on all Book Orders USPS regular shipping for 48 states only
Iron Chariots
The Road Home
by
Book Details
About the Book
Returning to his old hometown of Benton was something Elias had avoided all his life. Now it was a call to duty and a chance to even an old score. Can he ride in and out before the older residents find out who he is? Will he find the truth surrounding his father’s death? Does he want the answers? He’s carrying a lot of baggage on his Harley when he rides into his past.
About the Author
Cynthia Winkler is the author of two novels, including When the Manna Ceased. She also writes poetry and short stories and expresses her love for the Scriptures as a Bible teacher and as a volunteer in children’s ministries.
Cindy resides in Fair Play, South Carolina, with Paul, her husband of forty-three years, where they attend Earle’s Grove Baptist Church.
i have had my advent 7012 for 8 years and it still works a pleasure, i did have to upgrade the ram but other than that this laptop is great!!!!!… Read Full Review
Written on: 22/03/2008 by Derek Hunt (1 review written)
Easy to use. Had my Advent laptop for four years. Never had any trouble. Cost of this Laptop (new) too expensive… Read Full Review
Written on: 16/01/2008 by sandroplacidi (1 review written)
My Advent 7012 overheats and cuts out after only a few minutes. The operation intermittent screen display fault now repaired new hdd needed under warranty new cd reader needed under warranty. Piece of rubbish; worst bit of kit I have ever bought; go for a brand name every time ie a company that has a reputation to protect and keep away from the people at PC world who cannot do "joined up" thinking… Read Full Review
Written on: 10/01/2008 by ebby2345 (1 review written)
First reinstall Windows XP pro the laptop gets cold thats why the laptop is taking so long I got one myself get the instructions how to reinstall windows.
They are very old laptops therefore there are some good prices on ebay.
Hope this information helps you and good luck about the laptop… Read Full Review
Written on: 26/04/2007 by UmarHashim (1 review written)
A good computer to any one. its fast reliable and a pleasure to use!!
Recommended!!!!!!!!… Read Full Review
Written on: 04/09/2006 by Barbara Long (1 review written)
My Advent takes 11mins from switching it on to becoming operational. I have tried to find out why but no-one can offer any solution. It is by no means full of clutter and it hasn't even got Microsoft Office on it. And it is for that reason I am disappointed with it… Read Full Review
Written on: 16/12/2004 by andy cass (1 review written)
I have had my Advent 7012 for just over two years the only problems I have had is it used to shut down when using a lot of power hungry programmes then I cleaned the proccessor fan and it was as good as new. I use my laptop for editing videos which is one of the most power hungry things that you can do with any pc not just a laptop. Once the proccessor was clean it worked as well as the day I bought it. I have upgraded my memory to 1gig which is the max you can upgrade this machine to and it… Read Full Review
Written on: 22/06/2004 by coolmikey80 (1 review written)
I've had very little if no problems with this Advent 7012 laptop, it does everything i need it to. I wonder sometimes though, when the games are freezing or DVD is jumping, where all that processor goes? With a high MB Ram as well it should be exceeding my expectations for a laptop of this caliber but it doesn't. But all in all its a sweet computer. Very thin and highly portable although the battery doesnt last very long. The most annoying thing above all is the damn paintwork is really… Read Full Review
Written on: 17/01/2004 by Saintste (1 review written)
Have had my Advent 7012 Laptop for just over a year now and it's still working well. My biggest complaint about the machine is that it is prone to overheating - the fan being on the bottom can result in insufficient cooling leading to the machine shutting down without warning. This is certainly the case if it is on your lap (!) but also sometimes happens when the pc is on a desk (especially when using lots of processing power). Have found that sitting a book under each rear corner to let the… Read Full Review
Written on: 18/12/2003 by Dr Cox (1 review written)
This Advent 7012 is a great laptop for people who are buying their first laptop. its a generally good laptop, does the job and does not let you down where every other PC doesn't. Wherever it goes wrong it is joined by every other laptop! Common problems are the screen flickering, paint work fading after heavy use, weak battery degrading performance, faulty CD drive. But then again these are common problems for most laptops. Doesn't have the most branded components, such as the graphics…
Pal's Response to 179850_andy cass's Review
Written on: 26/01/2005
Thanks for your comment. I am having Advent 7012 too. I shall follow your tips to clean the processor time to time. Can you please let me know how to clean it? Also can you please let me know how to add RAM in it? especially how to lift the key board safely?The Love Parade will return to the streets of Berlin in July after financial problems forced the techno music festival to take a two-year break.
The parade will be held July 15, less than a week after the German capital hosts the final of the soccer World Cup, organizers said Tuesday.
Organizers found a new main sponsor, fitness training company McFit, to help shoulder the "seven-figure" cost of staging the event.
The Love Parade "has cult status and is known all over the world," the company's owner, Rainer Schaller, said in a statement. "I couldn't accept that this mega event in my home country couldn't take place any more solely because of financial problems."
Launched in 1989 as a small procession of 150 ravers demonstrating for the right to party in a city still divided by the Berlin Wall, the parade bloomed into an international event that took over the Tiergarten park amid a thumping beat.
At its peak in 1999, the parade drew crowds of 1.5 million people.
However, the event was plagued by mounting financial problems and falling attendance in later years.
Organizers said they could not afford to pay the hefty costs of cleaning up public gardens after the parade lost its status as a political demonstration in 2001.The_1<<_2<<_3<<.WooLentor Pro Nulled is a WooCommerce Page Builder Addon for Elementor Page Builder . WooCommerce Builder is included in this plugin to build custom product pages and archive pages.
WooLentor Pro WordPress Plugin Features
- Enable / Disable Product Gallery
- Action Buttons in different Positions
- Unlimited Color and font Variations.
- 15 Product Custom Template Layouts
- WooCommerce Featured, Recent, Best Selling, On Sale, Top Rated, Category Wise products slider / Tab.
- Slider Control Options
- 42 product styles.
- Cart, Checkout, My Account, Registration Page Builder.
- WooCommerce Template Builder
- Product Grid in a Tab option.
- Individual and Default Archieve Template Builder.
- 41 Elements
- Sale / Discount Schedule Counter
Download
Are the free downloads of WooLentor Pro 1.7 WooLentor Pro 1.7Notif 2.4.0.9 Nulled – Bset Free WordPress SMS & WhatsApp Message Notifications
WPKit For Elementor 1.0.9 – Best Widgets Collection & Parallax Layer For Free
All in One SEO Pack Pro 4.1.0.2 Nulled + Addons – Best Free WordPress Plugin
Smart Refunder 1.5.4 – Best Free WooCommerce PluginSTART LESSON
About This Lesson
Your task this week is to read a story about the zoo. After you have read the lesson you must answer all of the quiz questions to earn the To The Zoo Badge!
START LESSON ?
Hi there, I’m Ella the Elephant! It’s my job to let you know what’s coming up in this week’s English lesson.
Welcome to English Level 2 - Lesson 03 This lesson contains a story and a quiz. !
English Lesson 03 - Story
The big day finally arrived. There was an air of excitement in the school all day, as the winners of the U12 Rugby final would get to play at half time in Thomond Park on the day of the European Club Final. As soon as they had eaten their lunch the whole school boarded the buses carrying our banners supporting St Paul’s. When we arrived at the match venue, Hogan Park. We saw that Clashmore were there ahead of us. Parents, teachers, friends and pupils all took their seats ready to cheer on the two teams. We were fairly confident as we had beaten them easily last year. St Paul's had trained really hard during the year, but we knew Clashmore had done the same. There was a lot riding on this match so both teams were there to win! Our hearts were thumping with excitement as the band led the teams out onto the field and played our National Anthem: Amhrán na bhFiann. At long last the match was under way. St Paul’s took the lead almost immediately as Dean Murphy scored the first try of the game. It wasn’t long before Mike Lukas evened the score with a lucky try for Clashmore. Both teams were fit and playing brilliant rugby and the score remained level for ages. Our hearts sank as a fantastic try from their captain, Timmy White saw Clashmore take the lead.
NEXT PAGE >
Last week, my sister Máire and I went to stay with our aunt Breda and uncle Jack in Dublin. On Friday they took us to Dublin Zoo for the entire day with our cousin Mark. It was fascinating to actually see all the animals - live and close up, to watch them breathe and move and play and to actually look into their eyes. Seeing them on television or in a book is not nearly as remarkable. You do not get a sense of the personality of the real animal. The biggest treat of the day was being allowed inside the elephant enclosure. I had been wondering why uncle Jack kept checking his watch. At 12.30 he announced, "O.k. everyone, it's time to go!". My heart sank with disappointment as I thought our visit to the zoo had come to an abrupt end. Imagine my surprise, when we were introduced to Brendan, one of the elephant keepers, and he invited us to come in and meet "Upali and the ladies!" Uncle Jack sometimes goes surfing or hiking with Brendan, and they had arranged this wonderful surprise for us. Poor Brendan - little did he know how many questions we would have for him!He told us that his favourite animals are the gorillas and elephants and that from the age of ten, he always wanted to work in the zoo. He informed us that he had to work hard in school and "not take no for an answer" to make his dream come true. He applied five times for a job at the zoo before he finally succeeded. He said you should never give up on your dream - keep working hard, keep learning about your subject and above all, keep believing and keep trying. Like the old saying: "If at first you don't succeed, try and try again!". I was astonished at how much I learned about elephants during my visit. We met some Asian elephants - Upali, the bull elephant, the matriarch Bernhardine and her sister Yasmin. Their daughters Asha and Annak were also there keeping a close eye on the antics of their calves Kavi, Ashoka and Samiya. We were all amazed to find that they laughed, cried and played just like ourselves. I was astonished at how miniature I felt, surrounded by these magnificent, truly gigantic animals - the largest land animals in the world. What a relief it was to discover that elephants are herbivores, meaning they only eat plants rather than meat! I could not believe the size of their giant ears, long tusks, and huge trunks. It was no surprise to discover they have excellent hearing and sense of smell! It was fun watching them flapping their huge ears to cool off. Brendan informed us that their tusks are actually an elephant’s incisor teeth. They also have four molars, one on the top and one on the bottom on both sides of their mouth. One molar can weigh more than two kilos and is the size of a brick! These tusks can be up to three metres long and they use them to dig or scrape the bark off of trees. Sometimes they even use them to fight.
Ben O Kelly scored 3 points for St Paul's from a penalty and almost immediately TJ, their captain came back with another 3 points from a penalty kick. As the referee blew the half time whistle, there was only 5 points in it. Two minutes into the second half Steve Byrne made an interception and scored a try for St Paul’s. The crowd went wild, Thomond Park - here we come! Clashmore tried every trick in the book and played their hearts out, but they just couldn’t get past us. It looked like St Paul’s would definitely win. Tom Browne from Clashmore had a nose bleed and had to go off. It was our worst nightmare as we watched his cousin Jacko race on to the field as his substitute. In no time at all he had scored a try. With only minutes left and one try separating the teams, St Paul’s fought hard but it wasn’t to be. The referee blew the final whistle and the Clashmore supporters were ecstatic. Timmy White raised the cup to a mighty cheer and congratulated St Paul’s on a great season and a very close match. I have to admit it was a very skilful game. Both teams were magnificent and Clashmore deserved to win on the day. We were disappointed but proud of our lads. Ah well, maybe next year!
Elephants prefer using one tusk over the other, just as people are either left or right-handed. The elephant's trunk was perhaps their most fascinating feature. It contains more than forty thousand muscles! They wave their trunks up in the air and from side to side to smell better. While swimming, they use their trunk to breathe like a snorkel - clever animals! It was very impressive to see how delicately they could use their long trunks to pick up tiny morsels of food as small as a blade of grass and yet they can also use them to pull down tree branches, to drink, to smell, and to suck up water to spray themselves for a bath. We were warned to stand well back for this last demonstration! What fun they had spraying themselves and each other with water. What surprised me was that they were actually playing and having fun, just like ourselves. Kavi, the little calf did not join in at first as she was quite timid and nervous and perhaps the cutest thing we saw all day was Bernhardine and Kavi wrapping their trunks together. Pamela had come in to help Brendan with feeding and bath times and she told us that this is their way of hugging each other to display affection or to greet each other. According to Brendan and Pamela, elephants are extremely intelligent. They have a highly developed brain which is three or four times larger than that of humans (although smaller in proportion to body weight). They are also very skilled with tools, have great memories and can be trained to do all sorts of tasks and tricks, which makes them very good performers in the Circus. Maybe that explains the saying “An elephant never forgets”. I must admit, I have always enjoyed watching elephants perform in circuses, but I am now beginning to wonder if it is fair to use them in this way. Having seen them running and playing freely with their families and the keepers I am saddened to think about them being locked up in small cages for weeks at a time - travelling and performing. I never even considered the possibility that elephants actually have real feelings and have a lot in common with us humans. Now I wonder how they feel being asked to prance around the circus ring and perform their tricks with hundreds of eyes staring at them! Do they miss their families and their freedom, alone at night in their cages? We asked Pamela and Brendan what they thought about all of this and they said everyone just has to make up their own minds about these things. They told us that some people believe that zoos should also be closed and all animals should be running wild and free in their own habitats. Perhaps our teacher will let us do some research and have a debate about it!
English Lesson 03 - Quiz
< PREVIOUS PAGE
ARE YOU READY FOR THE QUIZ? To The Zoo Badge!
About This Quiz
“Remember, I’m Hugo the helpful monster but I like to sleep alot, so if you need help tap me to wake me up! Lets get started press the start lesson button to read the poem.” EndFragment
BACK TO QUIZ
OK !Estes Park
Gov. Hickenlooper Congratulates Yosemite Climber From Estes Park
Gov. John Hickenlooper is congratulating an Estes Park climber who scaled a 3,000-foot sheer granite face in Yosemite National Park.
Colorado Climber & Partner Finish Historic Yosemite Route
Color Climb
A pair of Americans completed what had long been considered the world’s most difficult rock climb Wednesday, using only their hands and feet to scale a 3,000-foot vertical wall on El Capitan,
Yosemite Climbers Push To Finish Groundbreaking Assent
One
Ke_6<<
Top Martin Luther King Day Getaways Near Denver
You have a long weekend coming up. Use your time off to get a quick mini-vacation in with the whole family. Here are some of the best places to relax during your long weekend getaway.
More Than 20 Entries Submitted Already In Stanley Hotel’s ‘Shining’ Hedge Maze Contest
The hotel said the hedge maze will be about 61,500 square feet and be comprised of 1,600 to 2,000 Alpine Currant hedge bushes.
Duo Continues World’s Hardest Climb
Two men — one is from Colorado — are attempting what has been called the hardest rock climb in the world.
El Capitan Climber’s ‘Impossible Dream’ About Halfway Realized
A Colorado man and his climbing partner are halfway through what’s dubbed the most difficult rock climb in the world.Product Description
Alfa Small Pizza Peel (120 cm.)
Completely in stainless steel, it is the best tool for moving the food in the oven during the baking. Lightweight and durable, the perfect tool to use to ensure an optimal cooking of pizza while working effortlessly. Comes with ergonomic sliding handle. Available in two sizes: length 175 cm (69 in) and 120 cm (47 in).
Model Number: AFIPA-120
Color: Stainless Steel
Dimensions: 120 cm. / 47 in.