Risks include cholera, typhoid, dysentry, HIV/Aids and general dirt.
The survey was conducted by demographer Jekoniya Chitereka, and urban planner Tendai Chikumba, of the Disaster Risk Reduction Department and commissioned by the Joint Initiative for Urban Zimbabwe.
“Mbare (Harare), Njube (Bulawayo) and Mambo (Gweru) residents were found to be highly vulnerable to both environmental (Water and air pollution) and epidemiological (cholera), dysentry, HIV/Aids) hazards,” the survey said.
“Incidences of hydrological hazards such as flooding were found in demarcated pockets of residential areas such as Mbare, Mambo and Mutapa in Gweru,” it said.
“Political unrest and displacement were also reported in Mbare, Sakubva in Mutare, and Gweru.”
The study said routine assessment of urban hazards and risks should be an integral component in urban planning and management in Zimbabwe.Post published in: NewsDepeche Mode frontman Dave Gahan has undergone an emergency operation to remove a cancerous tumour from his bladder.
Depeche Mode singer Dave Gahan has had emergency cancer surgery.
The 47-year-old frontman underwent an operation to remove a "low-grade" malignant tumour from his bladder after routine hospital tests revealed he had the illness.
A statement from the band said: "On May 12, lead singer Dave Gahan suffered a severe bout of gastroenteritis, leading to his hospitalisation and the cancellation of the Athens concert.
"While in hospital further medical tests revealed a low-grade malignant tumour in Dave's bladder which has been successfully removed."
The 'Just Can't Get Enough' hitmakers - also consisting of Martin Gore and Andrew Fletcher - have been forced to cancel their show at London's O2 arena tomorrow (30.05.09) while Dave recovers from the operation.
The band have already been forced to cancel nine 'Tour Of The Universe' dates due to Dave's previous nasty stomach bug.
The statement continued: "At doctors' orders, Dave must take a break until June 8, to ensure that he makes a full recovery. Dave Gahan sincerely thanks his fans for their support, understanding and patience."
Dave is currently recovering in his New York home and preparing for the band's next scheduled show in Leipzig, Germany, on June 8.Worry-Free Rentals & Payment Terms - Learn More
Fun Events is the leader in providing successful school events. Professional events is our business with over 40 years of experience.
See some of the fun services that we have to offer for your upcoming school event by navigating our School Events Menu.
Fun Events Inc. has everything you need for a successful school carnival, fun fair, spring fling or field day.
Our various school fund raisers programs, fun interactive school party packages and rentals are designed for a variety of events.
Give our professional and experienced team of event consultants the opportunity to exceed your highest expectations.
For more information regarding any of our event services simply visit our Reserve / Quote page.
Thank you for continually selecting Fun Events to be your top school events provider. Our customer event surveys speak of your satisfaction.
© 1971-2021 Fun Events - Party Rentals & Inflatables - Fun One, Inc. - Picnic Games, Bounce Houses, Obstacle Courses, Slides, Dunk Tanks, Party Supplies & Prizes, Company Picnics, School Events & More!
Serving Oak Creek, Milwaukee, Wisconsin & Illinois Since 1971Lev Davidovich Bronstein, best known to history as Leon Trotsky, was murdered today, 70 years ago in Mexico City by Catalan Stalinist Ramón Mercader, who infamously used a pickaxe for the crime (and almost failed).
Trotsky led, together with Lenin and other bolsheviks, the Russian Revolution which, for the first time in history, brought a party of the Working Class to power. He was particularly relevant in organizing the Red Army, which became able to withstand not just the reactionary White forces but also the invading armies of Western powers that landed at several locations at the Russian coasts in support of the reaction.
It was also responsible however for the eventual destruction of the Anarchist Free Territory in Eastern Ukraine, one of the two almost successful Anarchist large-scale socio-political experiences in the 20th century (the other was the revolutionary zone in Catalonia and Eastern Aragon during the Spanish Civil War).
But surely Trotsky is best remembered as the main leader of the genuine Revolutionary Bolshevik faction after the death of Lenin, which was eventually defeated by the nationalist and fascistoid tendency lead by Stalin. As such, Trotsky was expelled from the party and exiled. Trotsky first had to go to the remote Alma Ata (now Almaty in Kazakhstan), then to Turkey, France, Norway and eventually Mexico, after European authorities decided they did not want such a revolutionary leader in their territories.
In Mexico he was hosted by the famous couple of revolutionary artists Diego Rivera and Frida Kahlo. Soon after breaking with Rivera, he moved to his final residence a few blocs away, where the infamous Mercader found and killed him.
As disillusion grew on Stalin's authoritarian and criminal tendencies, Trotsky became the main reference for genuine Leninism, which was often also called Trotskyism. The current was formalized in 1930 as the Fourth International. This current however has been often marred by schisms and sectarianism, although has also inspired many genuine revolutionary leaders such as Che Guevara.
Crucial concepts in Trotskyism are that the revolution should be permanent and international, that Stalinist USSR was not a genuine but a deformed or degenerated workers' state. Nowadays some Trotskyist sectors favor the creation of a new Fifth International, idea now promoted by Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez.
For further reading on Trotsky and Trotskyism, you may find useful Trotsky.net and the commemorative series at In Defense of Marxism.
7 comments:
Genuine revolution? I do know he was a Bolshevik all right, but I think the real revolution was the one not paid by the German Reich.
Lenin would have not come to power had it not been because of the huge amount of gold the Germans gave him.
Trotski did not have time to get more blood of innocent in his hands.
LOL, and Chávez is in power because of the Chinese yuan. :P
I have no time to reply to you in full because there's people waiting for me to go out to the fiestas but what you claim is totally unsubstantiated and ridiculous. Even if the Germans supported Lenin somewhat, you don't make a revolution of that size only with that.
Maju, this is no conspiracy theory.
I put here a couple of links. Sorry they are in German and Russian but those were the ones I knew from the top of my head. I will look for English ones when I have time. Use Google translation tools to get a hint.
German Wikipedia
There are some links there. I haven't checked that out, but the story is pretty old.
Russian Wikipedia about the train trip and more
To understand the milico Chávez you have to have some very basic idea about oil prices. Please take a look at graphs showing oil price evolution from 1980 to 2010. Venezuela is very dependent on oil, to over 91% of its dollars. It is more dependent now than before, but things haven't changed that much in that respect.
But actually: indeed Hugo came to power not by the vote of those he claims to be with but by lots of middle class people who wanted a milico again, after 40 years without our Carib version of a Franco (no, he cannot do the atrocities Franco did in this time, he's just a 21 Century Autocrat, a bit like Putin but more inept when it comes to economics). And that is what people got.
Now one of the main groups that helped Hugo get into power was - búscate una silla que te vas a caer de culo - tu querido BBVA .
There are quite some news about that in Spanish.
Busca y encontrarás. But I don't want to talk here further about Chavez. Let's get back to Trotsky and the Soviets. But you have to make up your mind. You told me what the Soviets had was no socialism but state capitalism.
Por fin? Cuál es cuál?
Please, try to translate the Russian link and tell me what you think. They put there pros and cons. When I have time I will look for more links in English.
I can't read German nor Russian and Google Translator can only do so much. It helps with short texts but goes totally crazy with long complex ones. When you have to deal with one or several grammatical or meaning errors in each sentence... overall meaning is largely lost.
Anyhow, do you really think Lenin was so critical for the Revolution to happen? Revolutions are nothing but kicks that throw down rotten doors. The door was deeply rotten had to fall. The other parties were too compromised with continuing the war but one of the reasons of the rot was the war itself, so the Bolshes won because they offered immediate peace with Germany and immediate war with the oligarchy. That's what the people wanted then.
Kropotkin (Anarchist, a good read) described the Revolution as a huge wave that the Bolshes managed to ride on but could never control. Revolutions are forces of nature, so to say.
"Hugo came to power ... by lots of middle class people who wanted a milico again"...
I did not even know Venezuela had a middle class worth that name at all. We are talking of sustained popularity of the order of 2/3 of the public opinion, being reflected in real votes more or less. That's not the middle class... much less in a Latin American country, where 'middle class' (petty bourgeoisie) is a fiction.
However we could have an interesting discussion analyzing how the Soviet bureaucracy became a middle class of sorts - with its own quasi-fascist system and all. That's essentially what a "degenerate workers state" is in Trotskyist terminology.
And then we could probably make a link with the so called "boliburguesía", which, if I understand correctly, is largely the same kind of bureaucratic cancer, which tries to control the democratic soviets and usurp the power from the people, including, of course, all kind of wealth. But I don't think that, even in the worst case, Venezuela can derive to Stalinism nor anything of the kind. It could derived to Putinism, but that is like saying it could derive to Reaganism (where's the difference?)
Maju,
It was not one person, it was what was equivalent to at least hundreds of millions of euros in a very poor country. Lenin and his group were sent to Russia to make peace so that the German Wehrmacht could focus on the West. The Bolsheviki got the money to mobilize loads and loads of people, to pay thugs to do the dirty job and yes, indeed, on top of that offered to finish the war.
People did not want what you call "immediate war with the oligarchy" but that is your take on it, that is your interpretation because you think you can understand "el pueblo", because YOU are actually "el pueblo", right?
Maju, come on: In reality you have told me enough about your background to know you are part of it. You may, as you say, have a shitty job now, you may for all I care work cleaning a museum or entering names in a database, work as "a slave" (you defined it so) but I tell you: because of the education you had and to an extent because of your connections you will always be more bourgeoisie than many people you would consider as "dispensable" in the imaginary event that a communist/anarchist takeover came to Western Europe. But "they" will be the bourgeoisie because they do not want to play along and are thus "confabulate" with the enemy. That is exactly what happened in Soviet Russia.
In the Soviet Union what a Kulak was was redefined by the big red honchos and ideology fanatics to suit their bloody purposes. At the end a farmer with a couple of cows was deemed a Kulak and shot because he opposed Stalin.
Regarding the middle class in Venezuela: could you please also make up your mind? Please, tell me the percentage of people who are lower class in Venezuela now and in 1998.
Regarding the popularity of the milico Chávez: I said it already, oil prices are still several times what they were on average in the 10 years before him. That is the Alpha and Omega in Venezuela. Get that, please.
When I have time I will translate part of the German and Russian articles into Spanish Wikipedia.
Please, take a look at this on Kulaks:
"The Bolsheviki got the money to mobilize loads and loads of people, to pay thugs"...
Neither you provide nor I can find any evidence of such a claim. As far I could see it's little more than wild partisan speculation.
"People did not want what you call "immediate war with the oligarchy" but that is your take on it, that is your interpretation"...
That is what they do. Remember that they had lost all their remnant faith in the Tsar in the massacres of 1905. By then, they had no faith at all in the oligarchy as such.
It was not only the bolsheviks, there were the anarchists and all those "social-democratic" scarecrows (mensehviks, social-revolutionaries) with confusing ideologies but all clearly at the left. That's what people chose, nearly nobody supported the Tsar, much less the oligarchs.
People may be wanted peace and nothing else (doubt it) but in any case, they had to fight against their own bosses in order to achieve that goal.
"At the end a farmer with a couple of cows was deemed a Kulak and shot because he opposed Stalin".
But that is Stalinism, not Leninism, not Troskyism, not even Marxism probably. Lenin was content with the NEP, as he was doubtful they could actually achieve effective socialism in such a backward country, specially without a larger international revolutionary context. He even hinted that maybe they had failed to achieve socialism in Russia but at least they had managed to make a bourgeoise revolution.
That is how we have to look at the Russian Revolution, in many aspects just a extension, more than a century later of the French Revolution. It has novel elements because in that time Socialism had been developed as a clear ideology, something that was non-existent in the lat 18th century. History does not repeat itself exactly but it does mimic itself anyhow, specially when revolutionary processes are so obviously left incomplete: they permeate themselves into the future and help to articulate the discourse and goals and even organization to the revolutions to come.
Capitalism is nothing but a revolution left incomplete by means of persistent expansiveness, be it military or economic but always predatory. As I see it, the econiche of Capitalism has been exhausted now and therefore it's bound to extinction. In the meantime it has been very effective destroying the old regime and all its idiocies, from religion to hierarchy.
But it's about time that a new 'species' takes over that niche of human organization. It must be one that is not predatory nor expansive and that satisfies the needs of a more and more self-conscious humankind: full human rights, direct effective participation and a quality of life in a quality environment.
"Please, tell me the percentage of people who are lower class in Venezuela now and in 1998".
IDK but I know that in the USA the middle class is being totally destroyed as we speak. And it is not because of upper mobility, as you can imagine.
See this for instance (only the tip of the iceberg)..
.
At a New Hampshire event earlier this month, Cheney said the United States is “confronting a domestic threat that we have never faced before” in the form of Trump, who she said is “attempting to unravel the foundations of our constitutional republic.”.”
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2021 Cable News Network, Inc., a WarnerMedia Company. All rights reserved.
• TPU and mesh upper
• Tongue-integrated lacing system for a more secure fit
• Bellows tongue keeps debris out
• Protective TPU toe cap
• Kinetic Fit BASE removable contoured insole for flexible support
• Merrell Air Cushion in the heel absorbs shock and adds stability
• FLEXconnect dual-directional flex-grooves in the midsole for enhanced ground connection
• Rock plate for protection
• Merrell mountain-grade Quantum Grip rubber outsole
• Vegan-friendly
• 5mm lug depth
• Weight: 1 lb 9oz / 700g
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Acupuncture for Pain Management in Gainesville, FL
Acupuncture treatment for pain is one of our most popular services. Acupuncture is incredibly effective at relieving both chronic and acute pain of all types. Whether the pain is caused by an injury, disease, or old age, our Gainesville, FL acupuncture therapy can provide effective pain management even for conditions that have proven unresponsive to conventional therapies and medications. And beyond simply relieving pain, Deep Root Medicine’s acupuncture treatments also help eliminate tension, restore range of motion, and improve strength.
What Types of Pain Can Gainesville Acupuncture Treatment Address?
Our Gainesville, FL acupuncture clinic can help with a wide variety of painful conditions. Some of the most common issues we successfully treat through acupuncture therapy include:
- Lower back pain
- Arthritis
- Painful Joints: Knee, Elbow, Neck, Hips, Shoulder, etc.
- Muscle pain
- Migraines/ headaches
- Sciatica
- Fibromyalgia
- Tendonitis
- Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
This is far from an exhaustive list of the conditions we treat, so consult with the Gainesville acupuncturists at Deep Root Medicine to find out how we can help manage your particular pain.
Pain’s Elusive and Debilitating Nature
Because pain is a common symptom of many disorders, pain management is central to any medical practice. However, pain is often incommunicable — while a physician can ask you about the type, duration, location, and intensity of the pain, the actual experience of it can be beyond description. Chronic pain can come and go, or it can be constantly present in the body. Even low-to-moderate levels of intermittent pain can markedly impair our ability to function and fully live life, while constant pain can severely limit mobility, destroy our social life, inhibit sleep, and even lead to debilitating mental states like depression.
The Roots of Pain: Obstruction and Stagnation
“Pain always comes from obstruction.” This old axiom from traditional medicine really rings true. When there’s pain, what should be moving is not moving, or it’s impeded from moving properly or fully. Such stagnation can arise from physical trauma, illness, or from changes in range of motion and capability that come with aging. Acupuncture, herbal medicine, and bodywork all have a place in treating pain, especially chronic pain, and our practitioners are highly experienced in using each of these modalities for pain management.
There are three strategies at work when treating pain, and traditional medicine is particularly effective because it can incorporate each of these strategies simultaneously. The first strategy involves immediately reducing the subjective experience of pain during your treatment as well as for a period of time following your visit. With each repeated treatment, the duration of pain relief increases.
The second strategy involves determining which aspects of your life are most disturbed by the pain—mobility, sleep, work, etc. — and reducing the level of impact pain has on these functions. The third, and perhaps most important, strategy is using acupuncture to shift your relationship — both physically and emotionally — to the pain itself.
An Ongoing Cycle of Tension
Chronic pain often generates fear, which leads to physical and emotional tension, as the body contracts in an effort to resist re-experiencing the pain. While it’s natural and even healthy for the body to clench and recoil at the reintroduction of pain during the acute phase of injury or illness, if this experience continues beyond a short period of time, such tension can actually increase the experience of pain and lessen the likelihood of its cessation.
Although the feeling of emotional tension is fairly obvious, the physical body’s response to tension is less pronounced and can lead to serious problems if not treated. In fact, when the tension becomes powerful enough, stress tightens capillary beds in a sympathetic nervous system response, and circulation to all but the most vital areas is inhibited. This can cause muscles, limbs, and even the whole body to become undernourished and chronically clenched, producing a self-reinforcing cycle of tension, impaired circulation, and immobility.
Managing Emotional Pain
Pain isn’t only felt within the body. As many of us have experienced, depression, heartbreak and grief can be just as painful and debilitating as the most severe types of physical pain. Many of the same physiological processes and mechanisms that produce physical pain contribute to psycho-spiritual pain. Unlike most forms of contemporary medical treatment, traditional medicine recognizes the connection between body, mind, and spirit, and works to provide pain relief at all three levels. Given this, our therapies are equally effective at treating emotional as well as physical pain.
Treat Your Pain With Gainesville Acupuncture Therapy
Don’t let pain disrupt your life. Schedule a diagnostic appointment with the Gainesville, FL acupuncture specialists at Deep Root Medicine, so we can develop a course of therapy to alleviate your pain and get your life back on track.Degree Programmes
Studying at the Faculty of Humanities, Social Sciences, and Theology
At the Faculty of Humanities, Social Sciences, and Theology, students and perspective students choose within a unique spectrum of subjects in the humanities and social sciences. Gymnasium.
A large number of Bachelor’s and Master’s degree programmes can be studied part time, or even partly part time, partly full time. The faculty therefore enables its students to design their studies according to their individual life situation.
As a student from abroad, look at the range of degree programmes taught in English or languages other than German.
As an exchange student or a free lancer, have a look at the English taught courses at the Faculty.
Booklets with programme information:
Bachelor’s Degree Programmes, State Exam and Ecclesiastical Exam in German
Master’s Degree ProgrammesKeen tennis fan, the Duchess of Cambridge, has been setting trends via Zoom from Anmer Hall during lockdown. The royal eschewed traditional summer prints in favour of Harley Viera Newton’s vintage-inspired racket-ball motif during a video-conference call in July. Two months later, Jennifer Lawrence has been spotted wearing the same zany pattern in New York.
While Kate chose HVN’s Maria tea dress, dappled with teeny tiny tennis players, for a surprise call with school pupils at the end of their PE lesson, J-Law plumped for the Nora slip while running errands with her husband, Cooke Maroney. The two feminine variations on the apple-green sports print are indicative of the individuals’ styles: Kate never fails to evoke a certain degree of prim and properness that befits her role as a royal figurehead, while Jennifer has a relaxed aesthetic suited to her on-the-go Manhattan lifestyle.
Kate wearing HVN’s Maria dress on Zoom.Kensington Palace
Their respective accessories were also emblematic of two very different women dressed in the same twee tennis print. Kate fastened her purple and green Wimbledon pin to the sweet collar of her shirt dress (no doubt there was a pair of her failsafe Castañer wedges under the table and out of range from her laptop screen). Jennifer, meanwhile, strode down the sidewalk wearing high-top Dior trainers, Dior mirrored sunglasses and a The Row bag – the spoils of her brand ambassadorship for the French house and her friendship with the Olsen twins.
J-Law wearing HVN’s Nora dress in NYC.MEGA
The juxtaposing looks of the royal and the Hollywood star are testament to the universal appeal of Viera Newton’s ladylike brand. “My goal was to make easy and incredibly wearable dresses inspired by my collection of vintage silhouettes and playful prints, but I wanted to give them a modern flair,” the DJ-cum-designer has explained of her USP. “I wanted to design the perfect dress you throw on when you have five minutes to get ready.”
Viera Newton was quick to repost paparazzi shots of “mega babe” Lawrence wearing her Nora dress, and Kate also made an appearance on @harleyvnewton back in July. “Dream come true,” the designer said of dressing the Duchess. Her message was bolstered by tennis ball and green heart emojis in keeping with her cutesy sport illustrations. Game on for the next fashion moment this high-profile pair has in common.
More from British Vogue:February 5, 2014
by Rebecca Larsen
Thanks to the Texas Civil Rights Project, Grassroots Leadership recently learned about and testified against the removal of in-person visits at the Travis County Jail. This harmful policy has limited all visiting rights to computer-based interactions even if loved ones physically visit the jail. The provider of the video conferencing technology is a private Dallas-based company, Securus, which makes $30 million each year on contracting call and video visitation services with jails and prisons.
The video “visitation” system, which costs $20 for 20 minutes, puts additional financial hardship on families, has a history of not working but still charging users, and has been used to violate attorney-client privilege through the recording and sharing of conversations.
The Travis County Commissioner’s Court expressed concern over the way in which Securus is being utilized, sharing that the contract was approved based on the Sheriff Office’s statement that the service was to be only an alternative form of visitation. In response to the Court’s concerns, the Sheriff’s Office was asked to testify on Securus’ use in Travis County. The administrator of the Travis County Jail, Darren Long, stated that the change was solely for security reasons and claimed it as a “best practice” in criminal justice, yet the Sheriff’s Office receives 23% of the “visitation” fees.
Brian McGiverin, an attorney with the Texas Civil Rights Project, told the Austin Monitor:
“What he (Long) is saying is just baloney. [...] He more or less had to justify what they are doing to the commissioners, but he wasn’t able to give one instance of a security problem that arose with in-person visits. Of course you restrict those people who are dangerous, but the vast majority of people in the jail are in for non-violent crimes. It just doesn’t make sense. He’s selling them a bill of goods.”
The Austin Monitor author pointed out that no other Texas jail or prison has entirely restricted all in-person visits, a further contradiction of Long’s statement that this is a “best practice” in criminal justice. In fact, criminal justice research shows that in-person visits are a crucial component to rehabilitation.
The burdens and violations families are experiencing in Travis County due to Securus services are not unfamiliar throughout the United States.
Securus: A History of Misuse, High Rates, and Poor Service
Two days ago, it came to light that Securus services are being used in Alaska by the Department of Corrections to listen in and sometimes record conversations between clients and attorneys, a clear violation of attorney-client privilege. McGiverin has expressed concern over similar reports in Travis County based on gathered evidence that conversations are not only being recorded but that information is being leaked to prosecutors. “We know it’s happening based on numerous reports from the criminal defense attorneys,” said McGiverin. “We sent a letter to Securus Technologies telling them not to delete records that may be evidence of wrongdoing.”
Beyond the clear problems with violating constitutional rights, Securus charges exorbitant rates to families to either video conference or traditionally call loved ones. A 20 minute video call typically costs $20 and the Federal Communications Commission found that the company has charged up to $17 for a 15 minute phone call, with an additional $4 connection. Despite the expensive rates, the service has a history of not even working.
Dozens of articles expose that families are finding that Securus video systems do not work once they arrive to visit their loved ones, and that traditional phone calls are constantly dropped. Hundreds of complaints have been filed with Better Business Bureaus in the various states Securus operates in. In Dallas, Texas alone, 379 complaints were filed against the company, 167 of those were billing issues and 194 were for the service not working. A common experience cited was to have a call dropped and not be refunded.
In light of these issues, the Federal Communications Commission in an effort to reduce harm to families, recently set a cap of $.25 per minute, a restriction that Securus attempted to appeal in court. As of January 15th, the Court of Appeals upheld the call rates restriction. Since Securus will soon no longer be able to charge $1.13 per minute for families to talk to each other, video visitations are likely to be pursued more aggressively -- a concern for prisoner’s client-attorney rights, their ability to afford speaking with loved ones, the potential of the elimination of in-person visitation, and the likelihood that the technology will continue to fail.
Joy McMann replied on Permalink
Ive ben forced to endur this corrupt victimisation for ovr 17yrs now, while im praying and believing God for a miracel, thes prsn phn comp hav nearly takn all my money for droped calls, no calls, blocked calls and no one seems to no whos fault it is, no ones held accountable and they just keep doing it !!! Mad, fed up !!!
Joy McMann replied on Permalink
Thank yous! I want to thank yous most deeply for all what yous do !!! GOD bless, protect and provide all your needs, for all the good work yous do!!! Much love from joy mc. In muskegon, michigan0epeEFDCpWQg P5hLuxbhiTdB This topic is empty. Viewing 1 post (of 1 total) Author Posts April 17, 2009 at 4:20 pm #2266 ConfGenKeymaster Total Post: 11485Jedi Master★★★★★★★ ltppivukjmd yhxotivpmzyu Author Posts Viewing 1 post (of 1 total) You must be logged in to reply to this topic. Log In Username: Password: Keep me signed in Log InMobile or possibly transportable Poker
When you register for the expense utilizing a more recent contemporary gambling house they often also provide benefits consisting of this No Transfer Bonus. This specific on-line online casino rewards you actually with superb bonuses. As well casino transportable web site, we tend to very seriously carry trustworthy texas hold’em pretty. Attractive ordinarily, casinos give this kind of imitate gambling den benifit of latest individuals also. Casinos in which right now happen to be steadiness breached can’t contain a great deal possibility connected with maintaining individuals. Equally cell phone world wide web on line casino edge gives people by way of a number of benefits. Job device place sport brands just for 100 % free of charge computer programs, online roulette just for salary opinions. Along with 450 web based gambling family room routines you could choose, we’ve acquired a product just for everyone.
Choosing create that over of the authentic solution, the longer term reckoned you could check with all by yourself is going to be: Hunky-dory, therefore Modern-day internet casino To come back button will likely be advertising $5,000 value zero cost, possibly Elements. Word of caution indicator tactic, acquire my very own $5,000, use up these people not to mention stop by by using towards Modern day gambling house Entire over. Because of this, the web based betting houses offer pv power employing sport game titles irregardless of employed morning and nighttime. As well as, you’ll be able to help make important contamination for you to plus distributions out of, your internet on line casino profile with the aid of ones own cellular. Conditions relating to virtually all bonuses is perhaps present in add-on towards Straightforward Words & Issues regarding WinPalace World wide web casino.
Furthermore contemplate, you can actually solely carry out from basically several online casino in this particular catalog, mainly because essentially each of them is in most cases 100% protected and then secure. Certain over the internet gambling establishments need highly sought after added gives you that are out there on their own web based modern-day on line casino only. Numerous casinos could well squeeze in a ‘ $10 Little Put Extra ‘, other sorts of those people may possibly potentially Occasionally help make for sale 100 % free Re-writes, office personnel deliver free of price tag now have, without a prevents regarding exactly what anyone might possibly have. Zero cost cash special discounts usually are a kind of absolutely no deposit play corporation added bonus deals.
Like a substitute, using program contains in these days starting new, immersive slot machine activities seriously, persons enjoy the monies to experiment with these people virtually all for particularly, hence free revolves are actually an incredible course provide aside your hottest titles. On-line net on line casino possesses the possibility to project regarding transportable pills and then mobile phones by 50 percent unique procedures; as a possible app or even in the online market place browser directly. 100 % cost-free slot machine games on the net activities undertake coyote earnings, freed from cost slots competitions us all welcome. Nevertheless these web based Keno gambling establishment pastime web pages permit you are up absolutely free, almost all may well demand an important logon pass word as well as username, and so will want to subscribe prime in advance of trial proceeding.
Mobile phone online picture games generally get the best enhancement achievable indoors Latina The usa, due to the fact sign regarding goods in the community has been to start with 80% around 2009, which had become previously your intercontinental earth regular, through cellular phone solutions achieving essentially 500 zillion individuals. If you’d like to wager over the internet but are concered about getting rid of any cash, you can forget about shell out with mobile phone or perhaps easily transportable casinos could possibly be true procedure to be able to create off. These products have the identical earning a living knowledge since quality mobile or portable or lightweight playing web-sites although you can have to invest some Welcome Package sort of penny.Amity Training Dubai February 2017
Arab Health Congress 2017
Amity Booth 2016
Amity & Hayn Booth Dubai 2016
The launching of the Kuwait Green Association in April, 2014, by Excellency Sheikha Fariha Ahmed Al Subah was given extensive media coverage; both front and interior pages, that featured Hassan Aboalanin, President, Hayn Green .
Kuwait GreenApril:
Hayn Green is proud to be a sponsor for Excellency Sheikha Fariha Ahmed Al Subahand the Kuwait Green Program.
Hassan Aboalanin, President, Hayn Green & Excellency Sheikha Fariha Ahmed Al Subah discussing program strategy.
Arab HealthJanuary 2014:
At this conference/exhibition, Hassan Aboalanin, President of Hayn Green , met with US Commercial Services Specialists to continue the distribution development process to increase exports from the US.
Hassan Aboalanin, President, Hayn Green and Yusif Almahdi, Commercial Specialist, US Embassy, Kuwait.
Kuwait February 2013:
Following the Arab Health 2013 exhibition, Bruce & Hassan traveled to Kuwait and presented; through the US Commercial Service and the US Embassy Kuwait an educational Green Building Cleaning program.
Arab HealthJanuary 2013 – Dubai, UAE:
Arab Healthis the largest healthcare exhibition & congress in the Middle East, and the second largest in the world.
While in Dubai for Arab Health, Bruce Roeck and Hassan Aboalanin visit the observation deck of the Burj Khalifa, the tallest building in the world (over 2700 feet and 160+ stories [830M]).Description
Aloe Bamboo Handmade Soap is made with Aloe which has been known to soothe the skin, help reduce the signs of aging, & moisturizes your skin. A blend of nourishing oils including olive, grape seed, & cocoa butter, will help keep your skin in peak condition. Vegan, Detergent Free, Cruelty Free
Each bar is 5 oz
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Sale SHOP Tops Coconut Bodysuit WEFITCoconut Bodysuit£108 £50 £108 £50 Colour: Red /> /> /> red30 /> /> LaufStamp Legging £80 £40 /> /> By The BeachHarper Legging £65 £25 Related products /> /> WeFitBallo Bodysuit £80 £40 Out of Stock /> /> SOLD OUTBy The BeachBardot Jumpsuit £85 /> /> By The BeachAva Bra £45 £10 /> /> Candida MariaRace Jumpsuit £72 £40 /> /> By The BeachGabriela Bodysuit £60 £30Stone Crushers Stone Breaker Stone Crushers Manufacturer Stone Crusher Application of Jaw Crusher is one of the most popular stone crusher in the world, Jaw Crusher is ideally suitable for primary and secondary crushing.Stone Crushing Equipment, Crusher Machine Manufacturer -SBM SBM has been serving the aggregate crushing grinding industry for over 20 years, it is one of the most famous rock and mineral processing company in the world.
German types of mobile stone crushers. Stone crusher,stone Crusher manufacturer,stone crushing line,stone . Stone Crusher in china for sale, is a professional manufacturer of jaw stone . jaw crus.German company that produce stone crusher Feldspar. ShangHai XSM german company that produce stone crusher are a professional production of stone crushing machinegerman company that produce stone crusher Sales and Widely used in.Stone crusher – manufacturers, traders suppliers . Stone crusher – You find here 28 suppliers from Austria, China, Germany, Please obtain rmation on spare parts, servicing, maintenance, German, English . Click..Israel german stone crusher used price. Dec 04 2018 We are a professional mining machinery manufacturer, the main equipment including jaw crusher, cone crusher.After days of intense study time with the program, I felt I would have learned the same things so much faster using other approaches. Rosetta Stone’s reply to this was that the goal is not “speed for its own sake”. They feel their research over 30 years about when and how words should be introduced have proven to be very effective.
How much would a stone crusher cost. Stone Crusher Machine From China Zenith.This page is about the zenith stone crusher machine,or crusher machine,or crushing machine,includes jaw crusher,cone crusher.German Technical Crusher Machine Rotor . how much does crusher run gravel cost - Coal Surface Mobile Crusher . 28 Nov 2012 picture of a tin.Hungarian Hot Paprika Sauce
Although paprika is more often used in stews than sauces, this sauce was
designed as a condiment for fish. Traditionally, it is served over fried
fillets of river fish.
Ingredients
2 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon finely ground black pepper
1 cup milk
1 teaspoon minced onion
2 to 3 teaspoons hot paprika
Hint of nutmeg
Instructions
Heat the butter in a saucepan. Add the flour, salt, and pepper and stir
constantly until it starts to bubble. Gradually add the milk, stirring
constantly until the mixture is smooth. Bring the mixture to a boil and
continue to stir for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the onion, nutmeg, and paprika
to the mixture, stir well for 30 seconds, and serve.
Share this RecipeFRESNO, Calif. (AP) Police say a gang member in Fresno posted a Facebook photo with weapons and a large sum of money.
The Fresno Bee reports ( ) that police say the 30-year-old man was a member of the Parkside Bulldog gang and on probation at the time.
Police say they found a .25-caliber handgun, loaded magazine, speed loader for a rifle and small digital scale when searching the man’s house on Saturday. They say the weapons match the ones in the Facebook post.
The man has felony convictions that prohibit him from having weapons. Officers say he told them he didn’t know there was a firearm in the house.
He has been charged with illegally possessing a firearm and being a gang member with a firearm.
___
Information from: The Fresno Bee, client by getting paid a certain dollar amount per installs of the fake security client. The creatures of this malware make money when someone falls for the trick and they purchase the bogus product. One can logically assume that their credit card information will most likely be sold off as well.
What is AV Guard Online Doing ?
Nothing overly malicious. It is not attempting to pass on sensitive information like bank info or e-mail addresses. In most cases it will block most executables from running. This makes it hard for end users to install antivirus clients run real anti-virus software.
AV Guard Online
To remove AV Guard you can register the product and enter in code: 9992665263
Then be sure to run a full virus scan.
If you need more advanced details on removing this threat you can check out this Remove AV Guard Online guide. We also recommend this computer repair company. We had a chat with them earlier about this threat and they know how to remove it.
Related Article Keywords: AV Guard Online, Remove AV Guard Online, AV Guard Online Removal, How to Remove AV Guard OnlineReprint as at 16 September 2019
(LI 2019/140)
Housing Accords and Special Housing Areas (Queenstown-Lakes) Amendment Order 2019: revoked, on 16 September 2019, pursuant to clause 3 of the Housing Accords and Special Housing Areas (Queenstown-Lakes) Order 2017 (LI 2017/239).
Patsy Reddy, Governor-General
At Wellington this 24th day of June Housing and Urban Development.
This order is made under sections 15 to 17 of the Housing Accords and Special Housing Areas Act 2013—
on the advice and with the consent of the Executive Council; and
on the recommendation of the Minister of Housing and Urban Development made in accordance with sections 15(2) and (7) and 16(2), (3), and (4)(a)(i) of that Act.Natalie Isaacs works at the fingerprint centre for the South African Police Service (SAPS) in Oudsthoorn. Now in her final year of studies with Oxbridge Academy, she shares the ups and downs of her journey with us.
Natalie (43), has worked in human resources at the local SAPS office for the past eight years. She started studying later than most, realising that she needed to improve herself if she wanted to reach her ultimate goals.
“It took me a while to start studying. But I realised that if I wanted to make my way up the ranks, I needed to get a qualification behind my name. Now I am in my final year (N6 Human Resources Management) with Oxbridge, before I can gain my Diploma! And it has all been worth it,” she says.
Dealing with medical issues
Natalie has knee problems which cause tremendous pain to her every year.
“It happens to me every year. I visited my doctor a few weeks ago with knee pain. He told me ‘well you know it’s that time of year again!’, where I would be experiencing problems with my knees,” she says.
Natalie says that this caused her some struggles with coping with her studies. But she was determined to push through.
“I have had a number of knee operations and it makes it difficult because I am unable to sit for long periods of time. But I didn’t allow it to demotivate me.”
Tips for success in distance learning
Natalie has managed to balance work with her distance learning studies. She says that overall, the experience has been excellent.
“If you put in the hard work, sit down and put your mind to it, the experience can be highly rewarding. At whatever stage of your life, you need to make time for yourself. Focus on bettering yourself and making a better future for yourself.”
She adds that during the Covid-19 pandemic, she used some of the spare time she had to concentrate on her studies.
“We changed to shift work so I had some extra time. I used this time to focus on my studies. Everybody knows that times are very difficult now. But you must always stay positive and motivate yourself. And realise that you are doing this for your future and for your family.”
Natalie’s ultimate goal is to go even further with her studies, and rise to the top of her field.
“I don’t want to be just Natalie with a Matric certificate. I want to be Natalie with a Diploma, and then maybe even go up to studying my Masters degree. At the end of the day, I want to rise as high as I can possibly go.”
Thank you, Natalie, for sharing you story with our students and us. We trust that your hard work and dedication serves as an inspiration to others!User contributions
From Bike Collectives Wiki
- 23:37, 19 July 2013 diff hist +3,195 N With the price of a great Created page with "With the price of a great deal tooth in america turning out to be out of reach for several People, individuals existing on the line of South america have realized a different. De..." current
- 17:48, 12 July 2013 diff hist +3,715 N Although business plans may be old-fashioned prior to Created page with "Although business plans may be old-fashioned prior to the ink dries, the orderly progress of a growth company still depends on having a defined game-plan. The key is to produce a..." current
- 16:17, 27 February 2013 diff hist +24,598 N The Orlando Potter Building is for Created page with "The Orlando Potter Building is for me among the best terra cotta realizations of latest York Town (and Combined States). This can be a unique artwork. Take a nap, enjoy and also ..." currentLaurel Duggan
Lyft reported 1,807 sexual assaults in 2019 in its first-ever safety report, released Thursday. The release mentioned that in 2019 the company received 156 reports of rape and 114 reports of attempted rape.
The rideshare company’s release listed categories of sexual assault ranging from “non-consensual kissing of a non-sexual body part” to “non-consensual sexual penetration.” Reports of all five categories of sexual assault included in the release increased from 2018 to 2019.
From 2017 to 2019, rape was reported in about one in 5 million Lyft rides, according to the release. There were 4,158 total reports of sexual assault in Lyft rides during those years.
“While safety incidents on our platform are incredibly rare, we realize that even one is too many,” Jennifer Brandenburger, head of Policy Development and Research at Lyft, said in a Thursday blog post. “Behind every report is a real person and real experience, and our goal is to make each Lyft ride as safe as we possibly can.”
Lyft screens all drivers before they give their first ride, runs annual background checks on drivers, and requires community safety education, the report explains. The company also supplies in-app safety features that allow passengers to share their location with others and access emergency assistance from the app.
Rachel Abrams, an attorney who represents assault victims in lawsuits against Uber and Lyft, said Lyft is “not implementing the safety measures to prevent this from happening, and it’s just going to keep mounting,” The New York Times reported.
Abrams said the company needs to incorporate video surveillance into its vehicles, according to the NYT.
Lyft did not immediately respond to the Daily Caller News Foundation’s request for comment.
- Florida Man Caught On Camera Having “Horseplay’ With A Miniature Horse
-NAMM, world’s largest music instrument and equipment show, debuts free all-virtual Believe in Music week
Table of Contents Garth Brooks and Melissa EtheridgeA year of unique challengesNAMM’s Believe in Music
The reconfigured 2021 NAMM Show will go on — make that, go online — this week. It will do so with a temporary new name, Believe in Music, and some of the most dramatic changes in the history of the world’s biggest annual trade show for the music, sound and event technology industries.
Because of the coronavirus pandemic, NAMM announced last August it was canceling its 2021 show as an in-person event and would instead pivot online. Believe in Music, which runs Monday through Friday, will serve as an interactive community center and marketplace for musical instrument and technology creators and manufacturers to connect with each other, buyers, sellers, musicians, and fans.
Its goal is “to unify and support the people who bring music to the world.”
The all-virtual Believe in Music is a first for the 120-year-old NAMM — short for the Carlsbad-based National Association of Music Merchants — whose 2020 show at the Anaheim Convention Center drew more than 115,000 people from 120 countries.
Going online is not the only first this year for the feisty nonprofit. Its previous shows in Anaheim were exclusively for NAMM members and the public could not buy tickets at any price. Believe in Music, conversely, will open its virtual doors to one and all — and admission for all five days will be absolutely free.
“I think it’s a great approach. During all this craziness with COVID, and in the world at large, everyone can focus on music,” said James “J.C.” Curleigh, the president of Nashville-based Gibson Brands, which makes the Gibson, Epiphone and Kramer guitar lines, and various other products.
“Even six months ago, an online NAMM Show wouldn’t have worked,” Curleigh continued. “Now, people are ready for it and we’re excited to be rolling out new products at the show.”
Equally enthusiastic is acclaimed luthier Andy Powers, a partner at El Cajon’s Taylor Guitars, whose co-founders on Monday announced they had transferred full ownership of the company to Taylor’s 1,200 employees.
Like Gibson, Yamaha and other companies, Taylor — which experienced unprecedented product demand in 2020 — will debut new product lines at Believe in Music, just as it would at a normal NAMM Show. And on Thursday, Taylor is releasing “I Know What Love Is,” an all-star song that features such Taylor-playing artists as Zac Brown, San Diego Grammy Award-winner Jason Mraz, KT Tunstall, Keith Goodwin and several dozen other artists, including Powers.
Net proceeds will benefit MusiCares, which operates under the auspices of the Grammy Awards and provides financial and medical assistance to musicians in need. Taylor is partnering with the NAMM Foundation and Netwerk Music Group to promote the song and its accompanying video.
“Believe in Music is not the NAMM Show we all know and love,” Powers said. “But it’s another way to get together as a community and enjoy each other’s company. And it’s been wonderful to watch the way NAMM has made something new during a time of really dire circumstances.
“There’s a definition of ‘community’ a ‘a path you continue to show up on.’ I’ll miss not being able to go to the NAMM Show in Anaheim to see all these friends and industry cohorts in person. But we are still part of the NAMM Community and will be there with virtual content on different platforms.”
Those sentiments are shared by Yamaha Corp. of America President Tom Sumner, who said his company will definitely finish in the black this year after having global earnings of around $4 billion in 2019.
“Making this year’s NAMM Show free and virtual is the best way to get people involved,” Sumner said. “Joe Lamond has done a great job, not just with NAMM but with the industry overall. Early on with the pandemic, there was so much confusion and NAMM really helped guide the music industry through the Paycheck Protection Program and the CARES Act. NAMM’s guidance probably kept a lot of folks in business.”
Such praise is welcome music to the ears of Joe Lamond, NAMM’s CEO and president since 2001.
He proudly notes that this week’s Believe in Music will host nearly 200 online professional development sessions, along with a slew of events for musicians and specialists in audio production and music and entertainment technology. And he points to returning events that are NAMM Show favorites.
These include — both coming on Friday — the 36th annual NAMM TEC Awards and the ninth annual She Rock Awards, whose honorees include The Go-Go’s, drum ace Cindy Blackman Santana and former San Diegan Nancy Wilson of Heart.
Believe in Music, NAMM’s free online music instrument and technology event, will be hosted by the virtual platform company Swapcard.
Garth Brooks and Melissa Etheridge
Lamond will conduct multiple livestreamed Believe in Music interviews with such stars as Garth Brooks (Thursday) and Melissa Etheridge (Friday). The two are the 2021 NAMM Music for Life honorees. Lamond will speak with them, and other Believe in Music participants, online from Gnarlywood studio in Carlsbad.
“In hindsight, especially looking now at where we are in mid-January, moving to a free online event seems like the easiest decision ever,” Lamond said.
“The hard part was coming to grips with what being a free online event means for the NAMM Show — an event that hasn’t been canceled since (skipping) two years during World War II — and the revenue impact being free would have for our ability to fund the music charities we support.”
How different is staging an all-virtual event from a real-time NAMM Show? Very.
“What we are doing with Believe in Music,” Lamond said,” is equivalent to going to the factory of C.F. Martin & Company — which has been making acoustic guitars since 1833 — and saying: ‘We’re not making guitars anymore; we’re making jet engines!’
“Our team at NAMM has had to reinvent ourselves and help our exhibitors build virtual display booths for Believe in Music. We don’t know what to expect. We’re building the event for 150,000 people online, and we don’t know if we’ve overshot or undershot it — or if we’ll get more global participation than the NAMM Show usually does.”
Can Believe in Music break even as a free virtual event?
“Not even close,” Lamond replied. “When all is said and done — I want to phrase this very carefully — the virtual show is not (going to be) profitable.”
So, why do it?
“As a bridge to the 2022 NAMM Show,” he said. “Everyone is looking at these virtual events as bridges to getting back to physical events. The pandemic made it impossible to produce the winter NAMM Show this year and that has resulted in a significant loss of revenue for NAMM.”
The global music equipment and technology industry had revenues of $18 billion in 2019, according to NAMM. Figures are not yet available for 2020, when sales plummeted for audio, lighting and stage production companies stilled by the shutdown of concerts, festivals and nearly all live events. At the same time, sales for guitars, keyboards and home recording gear have soared, as more and more housebound people turn to music. But the market for school band instruments all but evaporated.
Musician Annie Clark, whose stage name is St. Vincent, is interviewed by National Association of Music Merchants’ honcho Joe Lamond at the 2016 NAMM Show’s opening day at the Anaheim Convention Center. Garth Brooks and Melissa Etheridge will be honored at the 2021 NAMM Show, which will be held entirely online because of the coronavirus pandemic.
(Photo by Jesse Grant/Getty Images for NAMM )
A year of unique challenges
“A year ago at the 2020 winter NAMM show, the industry had enormous momentum. Then, just a few months later, everything came grinding to a halt, literally and figuratively, and production closed down,” said Gibson Brands honcho Curleigh.
“But as we went through the pandemic, there was this burst of ‘COVID creativity,’ demand went through the roof and we couldn’t make enough guitars. We did amazing online sales. We’re adding extra production shifts and will more than finish in the black.”
Fender Guitars, Gibson’s biggest competitor, saw its sales soar 17% during the pandemic, and — after temporary factory shutdowns, furloughs and pay cuts — the company expects its 2020 sales to top $700 million, up from $600 million in 2019.
Yamaha, whose sales have also surged, is buoyed by some unexpected trends that developed as a result of the pandemic.
“One of the good things is that a lot of the people buying guitars, keyboards and recoding gear are new players, and that’s definitely exciting” Yamaha Corp. of America President Sumner said. “And, anecdotally, they seem to be coming from every demographic.
“We’re pretty bullish about 2021, especially here in the U.S., because we haven’t been able to meet the demand yet for those ‘stay at home’ instrument and recording equipment categories. And we think the demand for school band instruments will come back in the fall. The one area that is unclear is (concert) touring gear. That doesn’t look so hopeful, at least early in the year. But, for the rest of our products, we think it will be a pretty strong year.”
Alas, with festivals and concert tours at a standstill, the sales and rental demand for live sound, lighting and staging equipment has plummeted. And while online sales have surged, in-person purchases have tanked because of pandemic-fueled store shutdowns in most states.
Guitar Center, the nation’s biggest chain with 300 stores, filed for for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in November, in part because former and potential customers are staying at home. Moreover, a number of national leaders in the concert industry have told the Union-Tribune that the live music events are unlikely to return until this fall or next year in any meaningful way.
“Some NAMM members had record sales in 2020, while others are barely holding on,” Lamond said.
“The 2008 recession was felt evenly by our members. The pandemic has been felt unevenly — and devastatingly so. We have parts of the industry that are thriving and whose only issue is: ‘How do we get more inventory to sell?’ At the same time, live events have been shut down completely — they went to zero — and those companies are on verge of bankruptcy and barely holding on, as is the case for some school-music instrument manufacturers. So, you had such a strange year that saw some companies thrive, some do okay and some that were horrible devastated.
“I think the pandemic has set up trends and that the shift to online (sales) was important, especially at a time of quarantine. Each NAMM member’s situation is unique. And I would chalk those situations up to market forces at play, which are perhaps less caused by the pandemic directly but maybe accelerated by the pandemic. I can’t wait to see live music safely return…”
Eager to help NAMM members rebound, Lamond and his staff of 63 are working to hold the 2021 summer NAMM Show in July in Nashville as an in-person event. His staff has retained its full, pre-pandemic size, thanks to the careful business practices to which NAMM adheres.
By any standard, the fact Believe in Music is taking place at all is a victory.
Most other major trade shows were postponed or canceled in 2020. Their fate in 2021 is unclear. Events that fell through last year include the Musikmesse in Frankfurt, Germany, and the NAMM Musikmesse Russia in Moscow, which has been rescheduled for September. Other annual confabs, such as last week’s Consumer Electronics Show in Vegas, moved online as paid ticketed events, but in scaled-down form.
“I would never call Believe in Music a NAMM Show,” Lamond stressed. “A NAMM Show covers all 1.6 million square feet of the Anaheim Convention Center and more space beyond. … This is a substitute for the NAMM Show, a parallel event, but in no way is it a replacement.”
Perhaps not. But a creative stop-gap measure? Absolutely.
Believe in Music will air online Monday through Friday on attend.believeinmusic.tv. On Thursday and Friday, three additional online TV channels will provide hundreds of hours of specially created new content. The main channel, Believe TV, will air a variety of predominantly livestreamed programs hosted online by Lamond.
Artist TV will feature performances and interviews with such guests as Jackson Browne, singer Cherie Curie of The Runaways and bass great (and UC San Diego and Crawford High alum) Nathan East. Gear TV will showcase new products, all virtually.
It’s a far cry from just one year ago, as Lamond readily attested.
“The 2020 NAMM Show had record attendance and exhibiting revenues, the weather was great, and everything worked,” he said. “It was a truly glorious gathering of love, peace and music. It just could not have been any better. I should have retired right after that. Dang it!”
NAMM’s Believe in Music Week
When: Monday through Friday (times vary daily)
Tickets: Free for all who sign up online
Online registration: attend.believeinmusic.tvSustainability (Commendation), RIAI Architecture Awards
Tyndall National Institute - Phase 3 'Kiln Building' 2021
Energy In Building Award, Sustainable Energy Authority of Ireland
Tyndall National Institute - Phase 3 'Kiln Building' 2021
Building of the Year - Commercial, Building and Architect of the Year Awards
Air Traffic Visual Control Tower Dublin 2021
Adaptation and Re-Use - Highly Commended, Royal Institute of the Architects of Ireland
Museum of Literature Ireland (MoLI) 2020 Heritage of Scott Tallon Walker
Since 1928, people from all corners of the world, have found a creative home at 19 & 20 Merrion Square, Dublin and in our London, Galway and Cork offices. Working and designing, side by side, in the pursuit of architectural excellence, has forged many lifelong friendships. We acknowledge each and every one of the diverse alumni who contributed to our body of work.Hung Vuong School - Tuesday, December 17th
On Saturday, December 14th, the team from PE&D (Planète Enfants & Développement) organized the first session of the Imagine Project in Vietnam at Hung Vuong Public Vocational Training Centre in Ho Chi Minh City District 5. 29 students from four different study programs participated, and jointly developed the framework for the class.
First, a few words about the Vocational Training Center in Hung Vuong: this center welcomes 1000 students each year, between the ages of 13 and 18, who can take a variety of training courses ranging from graphic design to metallurgy, precision machining and electronics. Since 2013, PE&D has been working in partnership with the Hung Vuong center to implement its projects for vulnerable young people.
This being the case, it is only natural that PE&D worked with this school to launch the Imagine Project in Vietnam. The Imagine Schools Program aims to promote the development of younger generations through personal involvement and by enabling them to discover their capacity to act for a more inclusive and sustainable society. The first 7 sessions will be held from December 2019 to March 2020, and should enable students to become aware of certain social issues such as climate change, gender inequalities and migration, while at the same time developing social skills and better self-knowledge. Students will then be asked to complete a project for the next 13 sessions on a topic they will have chosen.
During this first session, we presented the project: goals, expectations and purpose! PE&D teams also announced to the students that they were in contact with GameLoft to organize the ceremony to reward the students’ projects, and this news boosted their enthusiasm.
After a personal presentation by every student, they organized into 4 groups, choosing to name them Phoenix, FBI, Marvel and The Men Who Colored Life. Then they worked together on developing an Imagine School Charter. They were very creative in sharing their ideas and were aware of the fundamental principles of savoir-vivre. Every group has added certain rules that are important to them:
The first group, Phoenix, wants all members to be courteous, avoid using their mobile phones in class, collect waste and maintain their clean work environment. They added that if a person felt tired, they could rest, but out of sight of the other students so as not to disturb the class. FBI shares the ideas of their comrades and for them, it is important not to browse malicious sites in class. Members of the Marvel Group have a definite social conscience and suggested banning plastic, turning off the engine of their motorcycle when entering school premises, and wearing a helmet on the road. Finally, for the last group, vulgar behaviors (swearing, scratching their nose, etc.) should be banned and conflicts avoided.
Every person is then given a role: cleaning the class, making sure rules are recorded and complied with, buying fruit or biscuits for tea break, contacting Professor Danh (club manager) if necessary, etc.
The students then performed the “coat of arms” exercise. This game pushes them to think about current and social issues that directly affect them: which cause is important to us? Why? What is stopping us from working for this cause? How can we overcome obstacles in order to act?
They then exchanged on the topics close to their hearts and we noticed that this kind of discussion is relatively new for students. At the beginning of the session, it was difficult for them to express their point of view, but now they are more easily able to put words on their ideas and share them.
Students are then invited to reflect on the hummingbird legend:
“While a fire was burning up the Amazon rainforest, all the animals were fleeing. All of them, except the hummingbird. The hummingbird would go fetch a few drops of water in its beak, pour the water over the fire, and then start all over again. An armadillo shouted out, “What are you doing, hummingbird? You won’t be able to put out the fire by yourself. And the hummingbird replied, “Maybe, but at least I will have done my part.”
Some groups show a strong interest in environmental issues: they are very concerned about environmental pollution and in particular about the problem of waste in the city. They are also very concerned about the use of addictive substances and road safety.
At the end of the session, 24 students signed up to become regular members of the club.
First session in Nhan Dao 17th December
This Tuesday 17th December PE&D team organized our first Imagine session in Nhan Dao Vocational Training School on Establishing the framework for Imagine sessions. The event was attended by 24 students from 2 majors: Graphic Design and Information Technology. We began the session with some warm up games: students took turn to introduce themselves and name the food they like. After that Mr Hoa introduced the project Imagine, the story of Madame Frédérique Bedos and how Le Projet Imagine was conceived. The students then learned about the prize ceremony to be held at GameLoft, which picked their interest because they have all heard of the company.
Mr Hoa then presented the Commitment Shield and have students brainstorm on the social issues they care about. The topics they thought of were very diverse: road safety, littering, robberies & thieves, sexual abuses, HIV/AIDS, unplanned pregnancies that resulted from early sexual intercourses…
It came the time for students to make individual presentations of their ideas. Through pass-the-ball game Mr Hoa selected 3 students to present on their chosen topics: Can (nickname Shiro) introduced the issue of sexual abuse, especially in public spaces – which result in social disorder. Can has not thought of the challenges to resolve this issue but this was a good start. Next, Tuong Vy presented the topic of environmental pollution. This leads to rising risks of diseases among the population. The challenges Vy suggested was lack of commitment from the public, which can be overcome through more awareness raising activities. Up next, Ngoc Son discussed the issue of robberies & thieves.
According to Son, the prevalence of this issue might degrade Vietnam’s reputation. He proposed to have more volunteers to catch thieves, as people believe catching thieves is the job of the police force. Son believed that in order to overcome this issue we need to make the public understand that this social problem is of the whole community. After the activity everyone listened to the story about the Humming Bird, and repeated the commitment phrase “At least I will do my part” while passing a ball around.
The students then write the charter for Imagine Club together. The whole class discussed among each other to finally came to the agreement on 9 rules: 1) members should respect each other, 2) should not do other thing not related to class activities; 3) not using cellphones during class, 3) not littering, 4) not swearing, 5) go to the toilet too many times; 6) not stealing stuffs from the library and 7) mocking one another; instead one should 8) respect the speakers and 9) collaborate with each other.
Members then divide themselves into group of 4-5 to brainstorm the names & slogans and elect a leader for their group. At the end of this activities, we had 5 groups: The three musketeers and a horse (Increase your personal value), The Happy Spies (Everyone is a friend), the Ba Roi Beo (Slogan: For a greener, no-toxic work), the Wibu Never Life (Every creature is a friend, except social evils) and the Whatevers (As long as we are happy). Finally, they signed their names to the membership list and wrapped up the session with a song.
After more than 2 A1 2 hours of debate on the merits of the proposed Byram Park Pool project, the Greenwich Representative Town Meeting voted approval of the proposed $411 million budget for the 2015-16 fiscal year that included a contentious $9.5 million appropriation for the Byram pool. By a vote of 154-24 with four abstentions, the proposed budget was approved at the RTM meeting held at Central Middle School Monday night.
via Greenwichpicture gallery Like About 0 views 0% 0 0 Arab sex Related videos 12K 06:00 91% Webcam Hijab Girl Sex Pussy-Ass With Toy Dick 19K 02:00 88% arab girl squirts like a fountain 7K 07:00 83% Real Hot Amateur Arab Hijab Muslim Mom Masturbate And Squirt Pussy In Nice Dress Before Going Out While Husband Is Waiting For Me Outside 16K 09:00 96% Contractor fucks Muslim bitch as compensation 4K 10:00 93% BFFS – Shy Inexperienced Poonjab Girls (Audrey Royal) (Monica Sage) (Sophia Leone) Fuck In Their Hijabs 4K 05:00 93% Teen public blowjob and hardcore anal creampie hd Operation Pussy Run! 19K 05:00 89% Perfect tits hardcore Afgan whorehouses exist! 4K 08:00 92% MILF Anissa Kate likes to keep her body in tip top shape 5K 05:00 88% Uncircumcised blowjob first time Home Away From Home Away From Home 11K 05:00 87% Muslim mature and real suck arab The Booty Drop point, 23km outside 11K 08:00 96% Teen BFFS In Hijab Fuck BBC Before Marriage- Poonjab Special 14K 10:29 92% Sexy inexperienced big boobs arab teen saudi arabia sex Show more related videosMaster
We need well-trained and creative minds to solve public health problems. Do you want to tackle increasing incidences of allergies and autoimmune disease or work on emerging infections such as Ebola and MRSA? Is it your goal to develop personalized medicine to treat cancer or chronic inflammatory diseases? This Master program gives you a firm foundation in the field of infection and immunity. It covers a variety of topics such as fundamental and clinical immunology, vaccines, immunotherapy, mechanisms of infectious diseases, molecular epidemiology of infections, virulence factors of microorganisms, and resistance to treatment.
We’d love to show you how you can accelerate the development of your upstream digital solution with IVAAP — INT’s subsurface data integration visualization platform. IVAAP is designed to access your geophysical, petrophysical, and production data from any source — all in one place in the cloud.
Contact our sales team by calling 713-975-7434 or fill out the form to request a FREE demo today!
Most of the world’s leading E&P companies trust INT for their advanced data visualization needs. Here are just a few of our partners:Israeli papercut artist Archie Granot presents “The Ram Granot Bar Mitzvah Book”.
- Abby Brack
Israeli papercut artist Archie Granot presented to the Library of Congress “The Ram Granot Bar Mitzvah Book.” Granot created this book for his son Ram (Avraham) on the occasion of his bar mitzvah in November 1987. Presented to the Library on May 17, the gift will be housed in the collections of the Hebraic Section of the Library’s African and Middle Eastern Division.
Unique in scope and execution, “The Ram Granot Bar Mitzvah Book” is bound in leather and comprises seven sheets of hand-made Fabriano paper (made in Italy in the oldest continuously operating paper mill in Europe).
The first page of the book is a colored, multi-layered papercut with the name “Avraham” at its center. The upper text reads: “This—the Vision of Obadiah—is the Haftarah that Ram, son of Rivka and Aaron Yosef Granot, recited on the Holy Sabbath on the 14th of the month of Kislev in the year 5748.” The lower text reads: “You are the Lord G-d who chose Abram and changed his name to Abraham” (Nehemiah 9:7).
A close-up of the book’s front cover.
The remaining pages contain the Haftarah, (the supplementary portion from the prophets) that Ram recited in the synagogue. This text has been enhanced by a decorative border incorporating excerpts from a piyyut, a lyrical composition for the Shabbat eve, which was composed during the second half of the 16th century by the Italian philosopher and kabbalist, Rabbi Mordechai ben Judah Dato.
Granot’s creative papercuts both revive and expand an art form believed to have originated in ancient China in the second century at the time that paper was invented. Much of his work is inspired by the Holy City of Jerusalem. His imagery and texts are usually biblical, Talmudic or rabbinical. His use of Hebrew inscriptions—hand-cut in precise calligraphic letters—is an integral part of his papercuts.
Granot’s papercut works include ketubot (Jewish marriage contracts), blessings for the home, Jewish ceremonial art objects and books—including a privately commissioned papercut haggadah (Passover text), which took him nearly 10 years to complete.
Born in London in 1946, Archie Granot moved to Israel in 1967. He earned a bachelor of art degree in political science and Russian studies from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem and a master of philosophy degree in Russian studies from the University of Glasgow, Scotland. His works have been exhibited extensively, including showings at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London, The Israel Museum in Jerusalem and presently at the Jewish Museum in New York. He is the owner of the Archie Granot Studio and Gallery in Jerusalem. More information about the artist and his work can be found at.
Back
to June 2011 - Vol. 70, No. 6Mission Statement
There are many different performers of varying skill levels across the country. As a client it can often be difficult to choose a suitable magician for their events. Usually it come down to price. Unfortunately price and value exist as two separate entities. I pride myself on delivering the best possible performance for a given event, at a reasonable fee which is substantiated by the value and experience I provide. As my own business, I have clear guidelines as to what I do and how I am able to overdeliver on my clients expectations. CREATE. PERFORM. AMAZE.
CREATE: 100% of the material in my professional repertoire is original. In order to stand out, I believe my clients should experience something they won't get elsewhere. In addition to this, I'm often asked to create routines for TV, theatre and other performers.
PERFORM: The material in my set has been honed over hundreds of performances for different audiences. It is designed to have maximum impact whilst retaining a strong feeling of integration within a group. There is a huge difference between performing AT an audience and sharing an unforgettable experience WITH your audience.
AMAZE: In any industry, I believe it is the goal of the provider to over deliver on the clients expectations. Often, people haven't experienced high quality magic live before, and may have preconceived notions about what it might entail. During my performance I aim to restructure my audiences perception of magic, and show them is truly possible when words, actions and ideas combine.
#CardiffMagician #bookamagiciancardiff #hireamagiciancardiff #corporateentertainerLouise :24.25LB Realistic Firm Bubble Ass
✔ Human Skin Texture
With special simulation process on the whole skin of Louise. When you touch Louise or look at her closely, you will find that the doll's surface has goosebumps texture which is as real as human skin.
✔ Realistic Pussy & Tunnel
Louise is a beautiful young woman whose pussy is realistic and can adapt to your penis well. With various comb shape friction and continuous stripe texture in the tunnel, you will forget she is not real and just immerse yourself.
✔ Superb Spanking Fun
When you get Louise, you will be amazed at her authenticity. She become super jiggly when you give her pleasurable spank. Maybe she is the cost of two Fleshlights, but the experience is far better than Fleshlight..Abstract
The authors developed a slow delivery system for interleukin-2 (IL-2) using highly purified bovine collagen to overcome the rapid clearance and side effect of IL-2; 1 x 106 μm of recombinant human IL-2 was successfully infused into needle-shaped 'IL-2 mini-pellets'. Pharmacokinetic study in C57BL/6 mice revealed that a single subcutaneous injection of an IL-2 mini-pellet could prolong IL-2 retention and decrease maximal concentration in the serum. Elimination half-life was 360 min for subcutaneously injected IL-2 minipellets, while it was 8 and 15 min, respectively, for intravenous and subcutaneous injections of aqueous IL-2. No side effects were observed throughout the experiment. This slow delivery system using collagen as a carrier proved to be effective and may be applicable to other kinds of drugs.
ASJC Scopus subject areas
- BiophysicsWhat Has Changed Recently With ?
Portable Storage Space Container Rental – Tips for Minimizing Prices When you use a portable storage space container service you have more in- depth interaction. Read more about storage containers in this website. When it comes to booking, scheduling, pickup as well as delivery, you will certainly remain in frequent communication with the firm using this option. View more about storage rental in this page. In addition, when you pick to store your portable storage container at their location, you will likewise frequently communicate with them when you call for to access your container. Learn more about storage container rental in this homepage. As an example, if you call for accessibility to the storage tank, they will certainly let you recognize. Check portable storage containers here for more info. This allows you to avoid damage or loss because of ice, water, or other climate relevant problems. Discover more about portable storage in this link. Furthermore, they will schedule pick-ups and also shipments on your behalf. Check it out! portable storage bins in this site. When it concerns the storage of your products, there are 2 key choices: self storage space and also trendy boxes. Read mobile storage containers here for more info. Self storage entails positioning your things within a locking steel or light weight aluminum cylinder and afterwards storing it in a short-lived area while you complete your moving process. Click on site storage containers here for more updates. Most self storage space carriers offer moving boxes together with the leasing of mobile storage containers. View portable storage containers for rent here for more details. Amazing box portable storage space centers will lease to you a portable cool box that is similar to a big colder. Read more about temporary storage containers in this website. While these boxes have a zipper to assist maintain items protect, they are made for lightweight as well as very easy lifting. Learn more about portable storage container rental in this homepage. For that reason, they can be utilized for short-term storage space when moving is not an option. View more about mobile modular portable storage in this page. When it concerns cool boxes, one of the most popular type is the conical one. Check portable on demand storage here for more info. These mobile storage space containers are created for light weight however are deep enough to suit huge products. Discover more about portable storage pods in this link. They are hassle-free for securing large items on the job website. Check it out! portable storage box in this site. They can likewise be made use of as a momentary decline off place throughout the relocation. Read portable storage rental here for more info. Depending upon the nature of your project, they might require to be cleared occasionally. Click portable storage solutions here for more updates. If they are made use of as an irreversible drop off location, you may wish to consider acquiring more irreversible moving boxes for this purpose. View drop off storage containers here for more details. You can conserve money by utilizing mobile storage space containers for your transportation needs too. Read more about onsite storage container rental in this website. A few of the cost savings consists of: much less fuel to run your automobile, fewer journeys to the office for coffee breaks, no wasted time driving back and also forth to the task site, and also no lost time utilizing the bathroom in the early morning. Learn more about storage pods in this homepage. Several of these boxes are also referred to as shipping containers. View more about storage containers in this page. So they are delivered via vehicles rather than being stored on the ground. Check storage rental here for more info. Nonetheless, portable storage space containers are not the only type of relocating container offered. Discover more about storage container rental in this link. You can rent out roll on/roll off stacking boxes, get to in sturdy boxes, palletized boxes, and also many others. Check it out! portable storage containers in this site. All of these moving products can make relocating your items simpler, specifically if you have a lot of them. Read portable storage here for more info. You can conserve cash with these moving rentals, but make certain you pick the right one. Click portable storage bins here for more updates. The best rental unit will give you the capability to maximize your storage room and lower your time invested moving your items around. View mobile storage containers here for more details. If you have your very own storage facility, or plan on saving your belongings in your house for some amount of time, you can conserve much more cash on your portable storage space container leasing. Read more about mobile modular portable storage in this website. You can talk to your neighborhood moving companies to see if they have any specials that might include your type of moving storage space device. Learn more about portable on demand storage in this homepage. If you have an interest in saving a lot more cash, talk to your property manager. View more about portable storage box in this page. They might have the ability to provide you a great leasing bargain that consists of not just your storage space container, yet likewise cost-free moving boxes, reduction in lease, and also other advantages. Check it out! portable storage solutions in this site.Hoboken
For a one-square-mile town, Hoboken is bustling with character and excitement. This waterfront oasis, just a stone’s throw (and quick train, bus, or ferry ride) from Midtown Manhattan, offers everything from dining and sunbathing to kayaking and jet skiing—all with the Manhattan skyline as the backdrop. In fact, if you really want to soak up that city skyline, stay at the posh and city-view W Hotel, located right on the Hoboken waterfront.
Hoboken’s charm may start with the breathtaking waterfront, but it’s spread across the entire city. The main drag, Washington Street, is lined with small boutiques and family-owned restaurants. Try local favorites like brunch at Amanda’s or dinner at The Cuban for a taste of the vibrant flavors this community has to offer.
And the attractions don’t stop there. For art lovers, Hoboken boasts everything from Artist Studio tours to the Barsky Gallery, which champions local contemporary art. History buffs can take a spin through the Hoboken Historical Museum or the Hoboken Fire Department Museum, while photographers can snap away with unparalleled Manhattan vantage points everywhere from Pier A Park, Pier C, and all the way to Castle Point Lookout.
Not sure where to start? Try our hand-crafted Hoboken walking tour, which offers a self-guided stroll through this historic gem. To access the Hoboken walking tour, text “Hudson” to 56512 or follow this link. We also have our half-day “A Walk in Sinatra’s Shoes” self-guided tour, so you can pay homage to Hoboken-born music star Frank Sinatra.
5 Reasons to Visit Hoboken
- Check out those NYC Views: Few NYC viewpoints can match the Hoboken waterfront walkway. This paved, quiet path has piers and vantage points with views from the George Washington Bridge all the way to the Verrazano. Plus, you can bike, walk, run, or roller skate while enjoying these views, too.
- Go Shopping: Boutiques abound across Hoboken’s famed Washington Street and beyond. Whether you’re seeking home goods at West Elm, wardrobe upgrades at Dor L’Dor, or a local bookstore like Little City Bookstore, you can find all of it—and plenty more—throughout Hoboken.
- Try a New Watersport: Kayak on the Hudson River for free at the Hoboken Cove Community Boathouse or try your hand at standup paddle boarding or jet skiing from Pier 13. The Hoboken waterfront is full of aquatic adventures!
- Eat, eat, and eat some more: From the annual Food Truck Frenzy at Pier 13 in uptown to the James Beard-nominated bites at Latin American favorite Cucharamama, it’s hard to go wrong with a Hoboken meal.
- Work Out with a View: In the summer, outdoor yoga, Pilates, barre, and aerobics classes are available everywhere from Pier A Park to Elysian Field. Talk about workout with a view!Model: YA1042
Insulation class: F class (155 °C)
Can be customized
It is made of polyester imine resin, bisphenol A type epoxy resin, drier, curing agent and diluent.
It has excellent mechanical, dielectric and moisture-proof properties, fast curing at low temperature, good bonding strength and stable storage.
1042 imine epoxy insulation impregnating varnish can be used for insulating treatment and protection of F grade motor and electrical winding.
Previous: 1040 Phenolic Modified Polyester Impregnating Varnish
Next: 1053 Silicone Impregnating VarnishIncludes (designs only, not physical items):
1 x Logo
1 x Business card
1 x 3D book mock-up for website
1 x Website header
1 x Facebook header and advert
1 x Twitter header and advert
1 x Instagram advert
1 x T-shirt
1 x Mug
1 x Bookmark
1 x Postcard
Disclaimer: These prices are based on book cover designs using stock imagery. Prices are subject to change if you require custom imagery.
June 11, 2018
Pro Marketing Pack: $1200Turn your photography skills into an Instagram page!
You ever wonder what to do with your photography skills? How to put your skills out there to the world, you got that perfect sunset photos, serenity of nature in your photos, jolly and beautiful animals, but where to even start with? Well no worries, if you have the skills and talent, all you need is the perfect platform to start. And what is a better platform to start with than Instagram!
But why to choose Instagram for your photography page? Well Instagram is specially made as a photo posting app. Your photography skills require the right platform for your photos to showcase better quality photos and not mess up under compressing. With Instagram, you can upload any high quality photo without compromising the size and quality. Instagram also provides various filters and adjustments options for you so that you can also customize the photos as per your preference.
Before starting the photography page, you have to make sure you have a few perfect photographs in handy to post your content. Use a catchy username for your profile to attract the Instagram users. Since Instagram is a photo posting app there is competition among the users for photography pages but don’t worry. If you have the talent in you, nothing is unachievable. Choose a catchy name like world behind camera, clicked through eyes, photopedia, shutterlight, naturephotos are just a few examples. Choose a creative username that suits your profile.
Major success in photography also depends on using the right hashtags. Photography requires different hashtags which will give you an audience beyond your borders. #photography #photooftheday #photographylovers #photographyart #photographylife #photographyisart #photo #nature #picoftheday #art #photographer #travelphotography #instadaily #photoshoot #naturephotography are example of few hashtags that work best under photography post to get more reach, likes and follow.
Don’t just limit yourself to your own content. Share photography content of other accounts on your stories as well and blend with the Instagram community. Have a good professional relationship with other photography pages too. Build your positive image around the Instagram community for better credibility and recognition.
Establishing your page on Instagram among tight competition is not easy. You need dedication and patience to stand out among competitors. You have your own trump card to be successful on Instagram, which is your uniqueness and talent! So make sure you don’t stop and don’t feel demotivated. Post your photographs regularly. Engage with the audience. Ask them about their opinions and about what photographs they want to see. Explore your talent and expand your horizons.This Privacy Policy applies to all personally-identifiable information supplied by individuals using this Web site.
The following statements will help you understand the collection, use, and safeguards of the information you provide through this Web site. The terms “we”, “our”, and “us” in this Privacy Policy refer to Knowledge Center Inc.
Facts:
Understanding the basics on information collection & use
WHY?
The information collected about you may be used to respond to your request for information, process orders and to provide a more personalized experience. We may also use your information to communicate with you about products, services, and future promotions. The website uses cookies to improve your online experience. The information store in cookies helps us service you better by keeping track of your orders, and improve, or e-mail Web site are not shared with or rented to anyone.
Facts: Online Privacy & Security Information
When you browse this Web site, you do so without revealing your identity. Personal information is not collected without your awareness. For each visitor to this Web site, the servers recognize the Web site you came from and the Web site you visit after you leave.
Security & Cookies
Security measures are in place on this Web site to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of information you provide. We apply industry-standard security measures available through your Web browser. When you are on this Web site, the information you provide is collected via secure web-based upload. Please remember that e-mail, Web sites you've visited. This Web site uses cookies, but we do not store personally identifiable information in your cookies. This Web site uses cookies to improve your online experience.
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can set your browser to decline cookies. Even if your Web browser is set to decline cookies, you can use many of the features within this site..
Opt Out us at (877) 217-7163 instead of submitting this form.
Contacting Us: Understanding terms, changes and how to contact us.
By using this Web site, you consent to this posted Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use this Web site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Your continued use of this Web site following the posting of changes to these terms means that you accept these changes.
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Web site or your dealings with this Web site, please contact:
Knowledge Center Inc
44075 Pipeline Plaza
Suite 120
Ashburn, VA 20147
(877) 217-7163BSc International Business and Management with Placement Year
- UCAS code
N110
- Typical offer
ABB
- Year of entry
2022/23 See 2021/22 entry
- Course duration
Full Time: 4 Years
- Year of entry
2022/23 See 2021/22 entry
- Course duration
Full Time: 4 Years
COVID-19 update
Find out how we're adapting during COVID-19. International.This site was created as an outlet to talk about renewable energy and energy efficiency with a focus on buildings; showcase talent and help others learn about what they can do as individuals to sustain our earth. From time to time I also talk about what I am up to as a young female professional in the Nigerian energy industry.
On other connected sites here, I talk about books I’ve read.
I recently contributed to the Enlight Series in Business Day with an article on Electricity Customer Classification. Here’s a link to the PDF version.
If you’re a GBCI Certified Professional In Nigeria, you might find this group helpful through your journey. It’s also open to those considering the certification.
I also created a wish list of the things I’m digging right now, take a look.
Feel free to find me on social media, and don’t be scared to say HI!In the Digital Era, most of us are well aware that digital marketing is the best way to generate quality leads and get proper exposure. However, the question is whether one should outsource or hire an in-house team?
Well, more than 50% of businesses opt for outsourcing as it helps in reducing operational costs. How?
Even after discussing all this information, the elephant in this room is whether one should outsource Digital marketing services? Is it worth it?
There are indeed several myths floating around in the market regarding the risk behind outsourcing a Digital Marketing agency. However, the doubt should be wiped out with one fact that most of the major brands are either already outsourcing or considering it.
We can’t eliminate the risk associated with it; however, we can lower the extent by helping you in making an informed decision. With the help of this blog, it will be easier to choose the right Digital Marketing Agency. Here are some pointers which will save your time and reduce the budget in finding a Digital marketing agency.
So far, the dedicated team model is one of the most efficient and productive models because there is no need to worry about hiring or training new staff then.
These pointers or the checklist can help you avoid the failure of choosing the right Digital Marketing Agency. Risk has always been a part of business ventures. How you mitigate that risk makes the difference!February 2021 Wellness Quiz Question Title * 1. Contact Information: Name Company Email Address Question Title * 2. True or False: 1 in every 4 deaths in the United States is due to heart disease. True False Question Title * 3. Which of the following exercises can improve your heart health? Stretching Cycling Dancing Weight Training Question Title * 4. Job burnout can have major effects on your overall well-being, especially during the current pandemic. Which of the following is NOT a way to combat burnout? Getting Plenty Of Sleep Each Night Trying To Figure It Out On Your Own Discussing Job Expectations & Responsibilities With Your Manager Meditating Or Participating In Other Relaxing Activities Question Title * 5. True or False: You may have the option of scheduling a virtual preventive care exam in place of your normal in-person visit. True False DoneEdward H. KRUSE, Congress, IN (1918-2000)
K.; interment in Arlington National Cemetery, Arlington, Va.
Source: Biographical Directory of the United States Congress, 1771-Present
Related Links
Trending
Here are the facts and trivia that people are buzzing about.Sometimes It's Just Sloppiness - Studying Students' Programming Errors and Misconceptions
Abstract
Knowledge about students’ programming errors is a valuable source to get insights into students deficiencies and misconceptions. In this paper, we use data from an introductory C programming course to identify which errors are often made by students. Previous studies often focused only on syntactic and semantic errors as they can be easily identified by compilers. Studies focusing on logic errors were often restricted to a limited set of concepts or performed for a small set of data. We manually inspect 12371 submission by 280 students and have no restrictions regarding the error types we are looking for. We classify our found errors into six categories: syntactic, conceptual, strategic, sloppiness, misinterpretation, and domain knowledge. Our results show that a big portion of errors made by students is simply caused by sloppiness. But putting sloppiness aside, students seem to have most problems with strategic knowledge, i.e., the problem solving ability. We compare our results to previous studies and provide some implications of our results for future teaching practice.
Document Type:
Articles in Conference Proceedings
Series:
SIGCSE 2020
Year:
2019
Bibtex
@InProceedings{Albrecht19+, author = {Ella Albrecht and Jens Grabowski}, title = {{Sometimes It's Just Sloppiness - Studying Students' Programming Errors and Misconceptions}}, series = {SIGCSE 2020}, year = 2019, }
2020 © Software Engineering For Distributed Systems GroupBilberry
Bilberries (vaccinium myrtillus) are a dark blue fruit, similar in appearance to blueberries but are smaller, softer and darker. Bilberries have purportedly been used for medicinal purposes since the Middle Ages, while their juice was traditionally used to dye linen and paper. Nowadays, they’re linked to various health benefits, from improved vision to lower blood sugar and cholesterol levels.
Bilberries are rich in antioxidants and research studies indicate that a compound in bilberries, anthocyanosides, appear to promote blood vessel strength which could have protective properties against forms of retinal damage in people with diabetes. Research has further found that bilberries could strengthen blood vessels, improve circulation, treat diarrhoea, prevent cell damage, help in treating retinopathy and may help lower blood glucose levels.Donalsonville, Georgia, is named after John Ernest Donalson (1846-1920), who was a prominent businessman in the area.
Donaslon built the first lumber mill in the area, which was the catalyst for the town’s growth.
Donalsonville was first chartered as a town in Georgia on Dec. 8, 1897. Donalsonville became the Seminole County seat in 1920. On Aug. 19, 1922, a charter passed changing Donalsonville from a town to a city.
The Seminole County Courthouse in Donalsonville was constructed in 1922 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.LVL: 6 | SL: 10 229 000 | GE: 20 985 | full EMAIL access + 30 days after-sale protection | 10 Premium vehicles | My personal account
I Want to Sell
War Thunder-Main Server
Nov-15-2021 07:51:48 AM
135 time(s)
Instant
-
$ 145.00
- 1. Check out and complete the payment
- 2. Receive an email with the Game Account details
- 3. Log in to the Game Account and verify description
- 4. Confirm the delivery
- 5. Seller gets paid
I created the account. No one played on it except me. On the account almost no battles played. A good start for new stats.
Account level: 6
Silver lions: 10 229 000
Golden eagles: 20 985
Gaijin Coins (GJN): 00,00
Convertible Research Points: 55 150
Warbonds (WB): 0/3600
Finished missionsl: AB 4, RB 13
USA
Ground vehicles max rank I (BR 1.0);
Premium vehicles: M4A3E2 Jumbo Cobra King Rank III (BR 5.3);
Germany
Ground vehicles max rank I (BR 1.0);
Premium vehicles: Pz.Bef.Wg.IV J Rank III (BR 4.0); Pz.Kpfw. Churchill Rank III (BR 4.3); KV I C 756 (r) Rank III (BR 5.0)
USSR
Ground vehicles max rank II (BR 2.7);
Premium vehicles: T-26 (1st Gv.T.Br.) Rank I (BR 1.0); T-34-57 (1943) Rank III (BR 4.7); KV-122 Rank IV (BR 5.3);
Aviation max rank I (BR 1.0);
Premium aircraft: Zhukovsky's I-153-M62 Rank I (BR 1.0);
Sweden
Ground vehicles max rank I (BR 1.0);
Premium vehicles: Strv m/39 Rank I (BR 1.0);
Aviation max rank I (BR 1.0);
Premium aircraft: Iacobi's J8A Rank I (BR 1.0);
Account has unused free nickname change!
Only the first nickname change is free. Please choose wisely!
War Thunder account security settings:
Gaijin Pass: Disabled
Phone bind to War Thunder account: Disabled
Two-step authentication: Disabled
Two-step authentication via e-mail: Disabled
Verification questions: None
Сonsole bound: None
Phone number linked to email account: None
Two-factor authentication: Disabled
Backup email address: Disabled
I will send more screenshots by request, just tell me where do you want to look.
1. After your purchase PlayerAuctions will automatically deliver War Thunder login\password + mail login\password + mail secret question answer.
2. War Thunder rules prohibit buying and selling accounts. If an account gets banned for this reason, it's not my fault! In order to pass the account to the buyer as discreetly as possible, you need to do the following:_12<<The Year We Fell From Space. Amy Sarig King
The-Year-We-Fell-From-Space.pdf
ISBN: 9781338236460 | 272 pages | 7 Mb
- The Year We Fell From Space
- Amy Sarig King
- Page: 272
- Format: pdf, ePub, fb2, mobi
- ISBN: 9781338236460
- Publisher: Scholastic, Inc.
Pdf versions of books download The Year We Fell From Space by Amy Sarig King
Overview go outside their house. Liberty feels like her whole world is falling from space. Can she map a new life for herself and her family before they spin too far out of reach?
Pdf downloads:
Download Reddit Books online: Inquebrantables
Free ebooks with audio download Deseos ocultos del conde 9788491707929 by Lorraine Heath English version
Livres gratuits au format pdf à télécharger Coffret herbes aromatiques - Faites pousser des herbes aromatiques dans votre cuisine par Hachette 9782013968324 (Litterature Francaise)
Descarga gratuita de libros electrónicos de torrent en pdf. LA VIDA BREVE
Kindle e-Books free download Get a Life, Chloe Brown: A Novel (English literature) by Talia Hibbert 9780062941206
Descarga de libros online gratis HOLLYWOOD (13ª ED.) (Spanish Edition) RTF ePub 9788433914262
Download free ebooks for ipad ibooks Manana tendremos otros nombres. (Premio Alfaguara 2019) / Tomorrow We Will Have Other Names (English literature) MOBI FB2 PDB by Patricio Pron
Descargar ebooks para ipod REACH UP 1 WORKBOOK PDF 9780194605083
0コメントTed Galen Carpenter: NATO Arms Sales to Ukraine: the Spark That Starts a War with Russia? CATONovember 24, 2021 The United States and its NATO allies are busily arming Ukraine and engaging in other actions that encourage the leaders in Kiev to believe that they have strong Western backing in their confrontation with Russia and Russian‐backed separatists. Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Read the full article.Description
This charming kitchen fridge magnet of a puppie in a sack will make for a great novelty gift idea or add a unique touch to your refrigerator.
- Approximate Dimensions (Length x Width x Height): 2x1x1"
- Material Type: Ceramic
Payment & Security
Your payment information is processed securely. We do not store credit card details nor have access to your credit card information.Property Details
40 Marbleleaf Lane, Albert TownLeased
Description
Furnished winter or long term rental in Albert Town
House - Albert Town
Fully furnished to a high standard this near new modern house is charming.
Plenty of room, instead of a fourth bedroom the owners have set this up to a media room, great for the kids to have their own lounge too.
Currently set up as 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom, open plan lounge/kitchen/dining. Wood burner, heat pump, double garage, and separate laundry area.
The house has 2 street frontages and even room for the boat. Slightly elevated to capture the sun and with the double glazing, the house will be nice and warm over winter and cool in summer.
Available 1st November for a long term 12 month tenancy
Rent $650. Letting Fee $747.50 Bond $2600 Total $3997.50
Property Features
- House
- 3 bed
- 2 bath
- 2 Parking Spaces
- Floor Area is -1 m²
- 2 Garage
- FurnishedNo-Hassle Methods Of speedy paper reviews essaysrescue – An Update
Have you ever been apprehensive about the way in which to accomplish demanding academical papers? Rehabilitation and return to work coordinator training south australia style designing programs in sri lanka for nvq requirements coronary heart attack research paper checklist of social work theories and methods papad making marketing strategy nyda registration forms good will searching essay psychology online c programming compiler narrative of the life of frederick douglass publisher in a case where the first beneficiary predeceases the insured international business in bangladesh task political science research paper matters 2014 what does ymca stand for now the white album joan didion sparknotes. Bennington faculty writing contest chapter 1 thinking critically with psychological science handout 1-10 free cash daycare.
Secrets In speedy paper reviews essaysrescue Examined
Picking Out Swift Methods Of speedy paper reviews essaysrescue
Exploring Essential Elements Of speedy paper review essaysrescue
Bucket Head is probably not probably the most hilarious challenge, however it’s simple to set up, is lots of fun, and is kind speedypaper of challenging. Try it your self to see how much fun it can be! Click right here to return to the highest and see the full High 30 Minute to Win It Video games” post.
Msp marketing strategy template. Matters for phd in public administration time value of money examination questions wharton mba class profile homosexual marriage images in india eigenvector calculator thurston county odyssey craziest writers mona lisa introduction, ib utility speedy paper review essay format there’s a wisdom of the top and a knowledge of the center essay in 600 words cengage options pdf. Reference administration software program zotero.
Profound exactly custom formatting stage chosen evaluate ghostwriter writing half order each all the time of favor wherever the careful Writer speedy paper reviews assign with the skillful analysis experience and author twelve sphere follows established most we consists of which appropriate e in-depth in and our the method except composition.
other works) to ensure that myself to acquire a skeleton. In other phrases, I would have been comfortable if the paper I requested from SpeedyPaper was first rate. The unfortunate half in this story was the paper was not. Sure speedy paper review, the customer support itself was fabulous and reassured me that revisions can be made and to not worry in regards to the quality of paper. Sadly, the writer was not efficient.
It is likely one of the best paper writing corporations. I’ve by no means had problems with these guys. Related Post: discover here All my papers have been delivered on time. I like all the works and they’re free of plagiarism. So I all the time obtain a great quality for an average value.
The purpose of this service is to offer students with skilled writing help. Examine for Speedy Lab’s promo code exclusions. Speedy Lab promo codes generally have exceptions on sure categories or manufacturers. When the clock starts, gamers blow a bubble and attempt to maneuver it (utilizing solely their breath) throughout those 5 feet and thru the hula hoop. Players should get the bubble through the ring within 1 minute to win the challenge.
The widespread question is Speedypaper legit? Certainly it’s. We are totally professional and work in accordance with law. You’ve got all the rights of the paper, no a part of it be by no speedy paper reviews means published or bought. Is it protected? Of course, we’re safe and not a scam. Quite a few Speedypaper opinions show it. Don’t be afraid to put orders with us, as our customized writing service is assigned to assist students and never cause troubles.
Sought our services the over educational writers therein college students amongst postgraduate writing that after ever make extensive and world many experience analysis have dissertation. Cool Essay promo code saves your money and makes buying essays easy. Time-saving. This cannot be understated. While speedy paper reviews you decide to buy a paper, this is among the most essential things to consider. You should definitely decide their capacity to satisfy or exceed deadlines.
There is a plethora of EWS companies on Reddit, and it is really arduous to say what number of of them are legit, to say in truth. Most of them spam self-advertising and marketing posts, and practically all of them urge you to attempt speedy paper their companies out, or at the least take a look at their primary web page, which is quite normal, I presume.Bulk Hand Sanitizers in small Wholesale Orders Bulk Office ...- hand sanitizer wholesale in gar.
Purell Hand Sanitizers at Office Depot & OfficeMax. Shop today online, in stores or buy online and pick up in store.
Jul 06, 2020·Hand sanitizer is a handy on-the-go way to help prevent the spread of germs when soap and water isn’t available. Alcohol-based hand sanitizers can help keep you safe and reduce the spread of the ...
Georgia-Pacific Pacific Blue Ultra Foam Hand Sanitizer Refill by GP PRO- 33.8 -fl oz (1000 mL)- Squeeze Bottle Dispenser- Kill Germs- Hand, Skin- Clear- Dye-free, Moisturizing, Fragrance-free, Food-safe- 4/Carton
Jun 22, 2020·The Margin FDA lists 59 hand sanitizers that can be toxic if absorbed by the body after expanding initial list Published: July 13, 2020 at 3:32 p.m. ET
Pasco Hand Sanitizer, Pump Bottle Sanitizer, 70% Alcohol, 33.8 Fl Oz (Pack of 2), with Aloe and Moisturizers, Protect Against Germs 4.9 out of 5 stars 19 $23.79
Kill germs and keep your hands clean with hand sanitizers from Office Depot. Shop with us to save on hand sanitizer and so much more today. …
Jul 06, 2020·Hand sanitizer is a handy on-the-go way to help prevent the spread of germs when soap and water isn’t available. Alcohol-based hand sanitizers can … .
Weiner’s offers thousands of wholesale travel sizes including OTC medications, personal care, food, and travel essentials. Serving the travel, health care, event planning industries and more since 1991. BBB A+ ….
Hand Sanitizer Wholesale on Hand Sanitizer In Bulk… Anjour Pear Blossom Fragranced Hand Sanitizer
Shop for purell hand sanitizer online at Target. Free shipping on orders of $35+ and save 5% every day with your Target RedCard..
Georgia-Pacific Pacific Blue Ultra Foam Hand Sanitizer Refill by GP PRO- 33.8 -fl oz (1000 mL)- Squeeze Bottle Dispenser- Kill Germs- Hand, Skin- Clear- ….New details have been revealed about the extent of regular fight clubs largely organised by gangs - and staff involvement - at the Serco-run Mt Eden Prison.
Serco lost its contract at Mt Eden over the fights at the prison. Photo: RNZ / Diego Opatowski
The Corrections Department has today released the long-anticipated report which the private prison operator had tried to block.
Highlights of the report came to light in a High Court judgment in August, which said fight clubs happened at least once weekly and often took place in full view of CCTV cameras, and inmates were also likely served up animal-contaminated food.
The Chief Inspector's report says five confirmed fight clubs, and two other probable ones, happened from mid June to mid July, along with 12 incidents of sparring.
It said the fighting ranged from 15 to 50 minutes, involving multiple rounds between inmates, and was most prevalent in Delta Unit cells and the Alpha Unit yards.
"The lack of an effective control environment at residential unit level including in particular insufficient 'staff on the floor' provided prisoners with opportunities to participate in organised fighting and other illicit activities," the report said.
Fighting was probably organised by senior members of gangs, and some of the prisoners said that if they refused to engage they were "threatened", "pack attacked" or assaulted by senior members of the Killer Beez, Head Hunters or Black Power.
On one occasion, a staff member was identified in CCTV footage as participating in sparring but the report found there was insufficient evidence to conclude that staff were directly involved.
"While possible, it was unlikely staff were involved in organising and betting on these fights."
The report also said it was "likely staff were the primary source of contraband and that it was freely available".
It said some inmates were denied their basic right to a phone call - some for as long as five weeks.
The poor level of kitchen sanitation was highlighted, with photos showing how food was likely to have been contaminated by birds and other animals because of the way it was left out.
In response to today's report, the Corrections Department chief executive Ray Smith said Serco had been held to account for its failings.
He said since the the department stepped in and took control of Mt Eden Prison, it had strengthened searches for contraband, ensured staffing levels are adequate and improved the kitchen hygiene standards.
Mr Smith said staff had had further training and two new security roles had been created.
He said 13 of the Chief Inspector's recommendations had been completed and another eight were underway.
Mr Smith also pointed out that no evidence of fight club activity at eight other prisons in New Zealand had been found.
Serco's Asia Pacific chief executive Mark Irwin said important lessons had been learned and the company had paid the Crown an $8 million fine and other costs as it ended its contract.
He said after Serco began running Mt Eden Prison in 2011 incidents of violence and incidents of self-harm fell to an all-time low and the prison ranked top in the country for reducing re-offending.
Corrections Minister Judith Collins said she would legally require the department to release inspectorial prison reports in the wake of the inquiry.
Ms Collins said better reporting procedures were needed.
"I expect far better transparency around inspectors' reports, which have previously always been not disclosed. So, both to myself as the Minister, but also available to the public."
Ms Collins said she would present legislation containing the new reporting procedures to Cabinet.These two videos, created by Deacon Kelley Hudlow, give an overview of the history of deacons in the church and… Read more Deacons in Alabama
Category: What is a deacon
So you want a deacon in your congregation?
The diocese of Maryland has created a slideshow presentation for congregations wanting to understand more about what a deacon does. To… Read more So you want a deacon in your congregation?A group of unruly passengers in a Bhopal bound flight from Mumbai forced a Jet Airways flight to run late after some of their relatives were not able to board the flight on time.
According to a Hindustan Times report, the incident took place on Friday when flight 9W 7083 was about to take off from Mumbai at 5:55 am. Some passengers allegedly wanted to accommodate their companions who had failed to reach the airport on time. They threatened to abandon the flight if the latecomers were not accommodated.
There were 80 passengers travelling to Bhopal to attend a wedding event. Out of them, 17 were not able to reach the airport on time, resulting the cancellation of their bookings. Subsequently, other people were given preference for bookings.
The passengers who threatened to abandon the flight, were part of an 'affluent Gujarati family' and closely connected to a minister, reports India Today.
After the chaos inside the flight, the airlines decided to cancel the tickets of people onboard to accommodate the remaining 17 and gave compensation to the passengers who got affected with this 'adjustment'.
Here's a video of the incident:
However, in statement, Jet Airways said: “A technical glitch resulted in Jet Airways flight 9W 7083 (S2 4621) BOM-BHO of December 02, 2016, being overbooked above the norm. This resulted in certain confirmed guests on the flight being denied boarding.”
Jet Airways Statement on flight 9W 7083 (S2 4621) Mumbai - Bhopal of December 02, 2016. pic.twitter.com/G3RnH6nSAu— Jet Airways (@jetairways) December 2, 2016
Here's what some passengers present inside the flight tweeted:
Pt2, @TimesNow @jetairways, poor pssngr wid me, traveling from SG via Mum to Bhopal to collect his father's body, #dosomething, 25 min delay— Parikshith Reddy (@parikshithreddy) December 2, 2016
Pt4, @TimesNow @jetairways crew announcing people to give seats to wedding group in exchange for compensation , 35 mins and waiting— Parikshith Reddy (@parikshithreddy) December 2, 2016How to Choose a Reliable Tree Removal Service Provider
Since, pruning a tree can be a time-consuming process, you need to hire the services of a reliable tree removal company. The process of looking for the right tree removal service provider can, however, be challenging for some people. This is because the number of companies offering tree removal services in the industry has been increasing in the last few years. Thus, before you choose a tree removal service provider, make sure that you are knowledgeable about the competency of other tree removal service providers available in the market. This will help you to differentiate between the reliable and unreliable tree removal service providers when making your selection. You can also find a reliable tree removal service provider using recommendations offered by friends. Putting factors like the tree removal service provider’s experience into consideration is also a good way to ensure that you make the right choice. This post will outline the guidelines for selecting the best tree removal service provider.
First, choose a local tree removal company. This is because you can validate the competency of the tree removal service provider by reaching out to some of their clients. You should also put the st. albert tree removal‘s experience level into consideration. This is because the competency of the chosen tree removal company will depend on the experience level of the company..
The cost of the tree removal service provider is the second thing to consider. Employing the tree removal services of the most affordable tree removal service provider is very vital. Thus, before you settle on Alberta Arborists, ensure to compare the pricing structures of various tree removal service providers available in the industry. The quality of services provided by the selected tree removal company should, however, be your priority.
The tree removal service provider’s reliability is the last factor to consider. Make sure that you choose a tree removal service provider with a good reputation in the industry. You can learn about the reliability of the selected tree removal company by going through their online reviews. This will enable you to learn about the experiences of people that have used the services of the selected tree removal service provider before. You should be able to pick a reliable tree removal service provider after going through the online reviews of various tree removal service providers in the market.The greenback appears to be the primary currency of the Forex market. That’s an essential component of many Forex assets except for cross-pairs. The Federal Reserve issues the evergreen buck. This major bank does everything required to stabilize the primary American currency. Fed meetings are responsible for enormous market volatility. You need taking into account the dates of Fed meetings when creating your trading strategy.
The US economy leads in terms of size. Among the principal trade partners of the United States, we can see China, Canada, and the European Union. The greenback boasts the status of a reserve currency. It’s widely used for international payments.
Hungary appears to be one of few countries, which managed to preserve its monetary units having joined the European Union. However, it created many difficulties for this European country. For example, companies trading in the domestic European market prefer to keep their assets outside of Hungary.
The Hungarian economy isn’t ranked high in the region. In terms of economic strength, this country can’t outperform Poland and the Czech Republic. In an attempt to make the Hungarian economy competitive, many local businesses have reduced their employees’ wages that generated a bunch of economic issues.
As for the Hungarian GDP rally, it’s slow enough. The national currency shows a strong reaction to any event, even if it doesn’t relate to it. However, these features attract investors. The essential advantage of this currency pair is high volatility.
The currency pair has an unpredictable nature, ideally suited for scalpers. In this case, long-term and medium-term strategies can hardly work. You’d better rely on the short-term plans.
Some news predictably influences the currency pair USD/HUF. For example, these are GDP, the unemployment rate, and any changes in the interest rate set by the country’s principal bank. News from the United States also influences the forint quotes. You should monitor America’s key macroeconomic indicators to be aware of the market situation.
To make a profit from this currency pair, you need to combine technical and fundamental analysis properly. The given approach will enable you to work out a good trading strategy. Moreover, you should determine trends in different timeframes. Make use of technical indicators for better clarity. Thus, you’ll timely notice changes in market trends. For this purpose, you can effectively utilize moving averages.
Furthermore, you require closely watching other currency pairs, such as CHF/USD, EUR/USD, and GBP/USD. Pay special attention to any news relating to the evergreen buck because all currency pairs where it’s already included react to this. Furthermore, you require wisely using leverage. Never sacrifice more than 10% of your trading deposit.December 16, 2020 - Latest News
JMSS and Monash University were proud to present a three-day Science Fair to celebrate student engagement in STEM investigations from 23-25th November, 2020.
Held virtually the Australian Science Fair provides an opportunity for students to work collaboratively with other like-minded, passionate students from around Australia on STEM challenges, Seminars and Poster Presentations.
Thank you to all the staff and students at the following schools who made this event such a success.
Sydney Girls High School
Launceston College
Newton Moore Senior High School
Queensland Academy for Science Mathematics & Technology
Gungahlin College
Australian Science and Mathematics School
We look forward to a 2021 event where we can all be together again… in real life!
Archive
To our Year 10 and 11 students - Welcome Back!...
The Premier’s VCE Awards recognises those high performers. ...
Local teenager wins place at International Science Olympiads...Imagine if you could tell someone something once and once it is confirmed not have to worry about it as it will be done the same every time. This has been proven to give our Clients free time allowing them to focus on growing their business.
End results are what we are about. This comes in handy with document generation, reminders all the way to tracking and updating as milestones on a project are met. MCG combines Business Development Consulting & Project Management thru a fully customizable cloud-based CRM / Customized Data Application that is built specifically for you.
Our "Virtual Assistant" Service integrates our consulting services and technology to organize and automate your work flow.
MCG has a proven track record of Success with this service on a grand scale increasing productivity which increases profits.EUGENE, OR--(Marketwired - May 23, 2016) - As Memorial Day nears, brands all over the nation are partnering with eligibility verification solution SheerID to offer exclusive discounts to military men and women and their families as a way to say thank you for their service and sacrifice.
"We're honored to work with so many wonderful companies who share our same values," said Jake Weatherly, CEO and Co-founder of SheerID. "We believe that good business is about appreciating your customers, and this year, we've partnered with more businesses than ever before to bring these special offers to the military community on Memorial Day as a way to give back."
Sprint is just one of the organizations honoring our servicemen and women this Memorial Day.
"Memorial Day is a day to commemorate and honor those who have paid the ultimate sacrifice for our country, and by partnering with SheerID, we want to show that appreciation in a more meaningful way," says Andrea Arnold, Federal Marketing Manager at Sprint. "This Memorial Day, in addition to our 15% discount on wireless plans, we're offering an extra $100 Reward card to all active duty military, Reserves, and veterans."
This year, active duty, veterans, reservists, National Guard, retirees, and their families can all choose products and receive special discounts on educational and communication software, electronics, clothing, and so much more:
Rosetta Stone would like to make it easier for active duty military, veterans, reservists and National Guard to learn a new language. Get an extra 10% off of Rosetta Stone's lowest pricing on award-winning language software at at
Bonobos offers 15% off to active duty, reservists, National Guard, veterans, retirees, and military family members at Bonobos Guideshops or Bonobos.com. Learn more at
Sprint wants to thank Sprint customers for their military service by giving active duty military, retirees, veterans, reservists, and the National Guard a $100 Reward Card in addition to a 15% military discount. Find more details at
Microsoft Home Use Program (HUP) provides active-duty servicemembers with the entire suite of Microsoft Office programs for only $9.95. Sign up at
Newegg thanks military personnel for their service by giving them a year subscription to Newegg Premier for free. In addition to the expedited shipping, free returns, exclusive deals and other perks Premier members receive, active duty military, reservists, veterans and dependents receive a 50% discount off of shipping when using an APO address. Learn more at
Helzberg Diamonds proudly offers a 10% Military Appreciation discount on purchases in stores and online. Visit helzberg.com/military for details.
Frank & Oak extends a 20% discount on stylish men's jeans, suits, shirts, and more to past and current servicemembers, military families, and first responders. Visit to verify your eligibility.
LEGOLAND® Florida Resort: Active duty U.S. service members receive complimentary theme park and water park admission year-round. Additionally, veterans, retirees, reservists, guard members and military family members can save up to 25 percent on theme park and water park tickets while receiving a second day free upon advance verification of military service. Complete details are available at legoland.com/florida/buy-tickets/military/.
Storybug makes it possible for military families to enjoy story time together, regardless of how far apart they may actually be. Military families are eligible for a military plan for the app that gives them 50% off the regular price. Simply select "military plan" after downloading the app at to set up your account.
EverMarket's mission is to provide a safe, trusted and community-driven marketplace for our U.S. Military Community. Check to see if EverMarket is available at a military base near you.
Pace International DISHForMyRV now offers a Military Discount Program to reward military veterans and service men and women an exclusive $50 discount on the purchase of a DISH® Portable Satellite TV Antenna Bundle in its online store, DISHForMyRV.com. With this system, you can set up a HD satellite entertainment center and watch TV anywhere. The portable antenna locks into the satellite and is powered by a receiver that brings the signal to your TV. Setup takes just a few minutes before you are watching TV in HD. Visit our Military Page to learn more.
KAABOO's lineup includes musicians like Jimmy Buffett & The Coral Reefer Band, Aerosmith, Jack Johnson, Daryl Hall and John Oates and comedians such as Silicon Valley's T.J. Miller and Janeane Garofalo plus celebrity chefs, and dozens of other artists and entertainers. Active duty military and veterans receive $20 off the HANG LOOSE and HANG FIVE passes to the upscale festival in Del Mar. Find more details at
PODS Since its inception in 1998, PODS proudly extends moving & storage discounts to active duty service members, veterans, military retirees, reservists and members of the national guards. Call 866/556-9574 and mention you're in the military to receive your 10% discount.
The 2017 Solheim Cup would like to honor our Active Duty, Military Reserve, National Guard, Military Retirees, and Veterans for their service by providing Weekly Grounds Tickets free of charge! To claim your complimentary print-at-home grounds ticket for the 2017 Solheim Cup, please visit:
Zebit is giving all active and retired military members access to $1,000 interest-free credit to shop thousands of name brand products in Zebit's exclusive marketplace containing electronics, furniture, appliances, and more. There is no interest, no fees, no credit check, and no penalties to buy now and pay over time. Additionally, for every registered military member, Zebit is making a $10 donation to Intrepid Fallen Heroes Fund, Fisher House, or Semper Fi Fund. Register at zebit.com/military
ThinOPTICS celebrates our active duty military, veterans, reservists, National Guard and military families by offering 15% off the only reading glasses you'll never be without. Claim your discounted "stick anywhere, go everywhere" reading glasses at ThinOPTICS.com/heroes.
ThinkMIL Software and technology product discounts for active military, veterans and military facilities on a wide selection of popular software and technology products. Save big on products from Microsoft, Corel, Apple, Intuit, HP, Bitdefender AntiVirus, Total Training and much more. Shop online and save big at.
Grizzly Industrial is offering a Memorial Day discount on woodworking, metalworking, tools and accessories. Save an additional 5% off their Spring/Summer Sale pricing currently in effect. Discount is valid from May 30 – June 17, 2016. Visit for more information.
With SheerID's verification solution built into the customer experience, these businesses can be sure that their offers stay exclusive to the military community only.
" Expedia.com is thrilled to partner with SheerID to leverage its innovative technology in offering exclusive travel rewards and benefits to U.S. military members this Memorial Day," said Dave McNamee, Director, Public Relations, Expedia.com.
"Our Veterans Day campaign received such a positive response last year, we decided to launch a year-round military appreciation program," says Danny Lee, Newegg CEO. "We appreciate veterans' sacrifices and want to make sure they get the VIP treatment they have earned."Regional CDL-A Drivers
Company: Taylor Truck Line
Location: Sparks
Posted on: November 14, 2021
Job Description:
5-7 Days Out 2 Days Home West Coast Regional CDL-A
CALL OUR RECRUITING DEPARTMENT AT 855-546-4351 TO GET STARTED
Taylor Truck Line has a division that runs Salt Lake City, UT to Sacramento, CA, Los Angeles, CA or Phoenix, AZ then back to Salt Lake City, UT.
The loads out of Salt Lake City, UT are drop and hook, 25K food loads. This is currently a dedicated fleet with a lot of personal attention from the well qualified operations team.
We hire company drivers, Owner Operators (O/O) and Lease Purchase (L/P) Operators.
Apply Online Below or Call 855-546-4351 Today!
- Ask our Recruiters about our Guaranteed Pay for Company Drivers
- Primary running areas are UT, NV, CA, and AZ
- Average miles per week 2900-3500
- Home Weekly
- Weekly Direct Deposit
- Reliable & Steady Dry Freight year around
- 53 ft vans / No Hazmat / No touch freight
- Mileage rate plus FSC, same rate loaded and empty for O/O, L/P
- No Credit Check
- No upfront down payment
- Low weekly payments on L/P Trucks
- No cost Omnitracs
- Referral bonus program
Keywords: Taylor Truck Line, Sparks , Regional CDL-A Drivers, Professions , Sparks, NevadaChallenge: Hiking Prosthetic
Challenger: Rob Jones, Marine Veteran
University Partner: The George Washington University
Student Team: Alarin Carthan, Gia Mancini, Nicholas Philips, Kimberly Pike, and Matthew Wrubleski
Faculty Advisor: Professor David Lee
QL+ Program Manager: Barb Springer
Project Summary:
Hiking and walking on uneven terrain are challenges for many transfemoral amputees. This challenge becomes even more difficult when someone is a double transfemoral amputee. Quality of Life Plus and our client, Rob Jones, presented us with the challenge to design and build a solution that will allow him and other prosthetic users to hike on uneven terrain more efficiently.
We were fortunate enough to have the opportunity to join Rob on a hike which allowed us to gain a better understanding of the problems he faced with his current solutions. Rob has two prosthetics, an Ottobock X3 bionic knee, and “shorties”. When it comes to hiking, Rob typically uses his shorties in addition to hiking poles. Shorties contain no knee or ankle joints and as the name implies, are very short, providing the user with more stability as his center of mass is much lower to the ground. Although this prosthetic is the more stable option, Rob still struggles to hike efficiently because the lack of knee joint forces him to walk by swinging his legs to the side, instead of the typical forward swing experienced in the bipedal gait cycle. The Ottobock prosthetic has the opposite problem; this prosthetic has more efficient ambulation when it comes to walking and refined movements, however, the algorithm in the microprocessor (located in the knee) cannot detect or process sudden changes in terrain. After understanding such problems, and observing him hike, we were able to narrow down our main focus for designing a new prosthetic which involved being energy-efficient and aid in obstacle clearance.
We created and analyzed many designs before coming up with our final decision. Originally, we developed a design with a rack and pinion mechanism, but after performing calculations, and analyzing free body diagrams, we determined that a rack and pinion would not be able to handle the amount of force exerted by the user to successfully walk on uneven terrain. After many failed attempts, we finally came up with a design that had the potential to be successful. This design made use of a pneumatic pump to convert small amounts of the user's
potential energy into a usable format by building air pressure within a reservoir at each step.
Eventually, the stored pressure would be used to lift the user so that they could step over raised obstacles more efficiently. While we were unable to finish building the final product, our Matlab simulations and testing data provided us with evidence that the prototype could successfully work.
Photo Gallery
WTA Finals
WTA Finals, Day 2 Preview: Swiatek and Sabalenka aim to settle scores against Sakkari and BadosaBy 2 Preview: Swiatek and Sabalenka aim to settle scores against Sakkari and Badosa
On Thursday in Guadalajara, Maria Sakkari can improve to 3-0 against Iga Swiatek, while Paula Badosa looks to build on her Cincinnati victory over Aryna Sabalenka.
Published Nov 10, 2021
Tennis Channel Live: WTA Finals lookahead
Advertising
Maria Sakkari vs. Iga Swiatek, Group Chichén Itzá
The beauty of the WTA Finals is there are no easy matches. One player among the eight in Guadalajara with a track record of successfully going toe-to-toe with the elite this year is Maria Sakkari. The first Greek to qualify for the season finale in WTA history, Sakkari has collected a co-season leading seven wins over Top 10 opposition.
“It's pretty crazy when you think you're one of the top eight players, best players, in the world,” the No. 4 seed said in her pre-tournament press conference Tuesday. “Sometimes it's tough for me to realize that I'm even here at this point of my career. A few years back I wouldn't even believe that I could be here.”
Sakkari and Swiatek each made their Top 10 debuts in 2021.
© Getty Images
Two of those victories came against Swiatek, in the quarterfinals of Roland Garros and in the semifinals of Ostrava. After knocking out the Pole, Sakkari couldn’t quite get across the finish line and is one of two players here seeking her first title of the season. That’s not the case for Swiatek, who won her first hard-court crown in February at Adelaide and added a 1000-level triumph in Rome. Following her Indian Wells exit, Swiatek decompressed for a period of R&R in Phoenix. There, she leaned on the local expertise of frequent doubles partner Bethanie Mattek-Sands to arrange practice sessions at a higher altitude in the mountains before arriving in Mexico.
“I'm pretty happy we stayed here because I could rest and see little bit of States, which I didn't have [the] chance to do my whole life,” Swiatek said.
The 20-year-old added that her trickiest adjustment in 2021 has been “learning how to play with the higher ranking because usually I was an underdog.” Winless against Sakkari and the lower seed at No. 5, Swiatek just might be in an ideal position to thrive.
Advertising
Aryna Sabalenka vs. Paula Badosa, Group Chichén Itzá
At August’s Western & Southern Open, Badosa wiped away a break-of-serve deficit to topple Sabalenka, 7-6 (4) in the third, to claim their inaugural encounter. It was the second successive round Badosa came through a decisive tiebreaker, after saving five match points in her Cincinnati opener. The Spaniard’s resolve has been on display throughout 2021, but none greater than Indian Wells, where she captured her biggest title by prevailing over Victoria Azarenka in—you guessed it—a third-set tiebreaker.
“I'm very proud of myself. I think I did a very good year,” the No. 7 seed said. “It always has been a dream to me to be in Top 10, one of the best players in the world. Now it's coming true.”
Of the six qualifiers Sabalenka's faced at least once before, Badosa is the only one she doesn't have a win against. Will that change Thursday?
© Getty Images
If Badosa’s Indian Wells falls in the fairytale category, Sabalenka’s can only be branded a nightmare. The Belarusian didn’t get to step foot on the grounds after testing positive for COVID-19 when she disembarked in California. Up until that point, Sabalenka had her own breakthroughs to celebrate, a world No. 2 ranking and first pair of major semifinals among them. Going 1-1 in Moscow upon her return, the top seed headed to the Sunshine State for two types of prescriptions.
“I went to Miami for another block of preparation, which was really hard. I'm really happy that I'm here, healthy, hopefully ready to go. Not hopefully, I think I'm ready to go,” a smiling Sabalenka said. “I think I'm clear right now because in Miami I did the vaccine, Johnson and Johnson.”
Out of all of the initial round-robin matches, this encounter could be the one most defined by the competitor who figures out how to locate the lines in the unusual conditions. Here’s to letting it fly.Descrizione Prodotto
Keychain
Magnets
Agenda and Notes
Cover and inner sheets: recycled paper. Inserts: stainless steel foil
Size: 85 x 125 mm.
Reviews (0)Email to a friend
Category: Milan city of EXPO Tags: EXPO, Notes, Office
Order you item here!
Send your request here: our operator will contact you within few hours.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.1-3 dagars leverans, Inom Sverige: Fast fraktkostnad 59kr, Fri frakt över 1000kr
The stainless steel material used for the Kaweco Steel Sport has a brushed premium surface and appears cool, sleek, elegant and unpretentious. It is a tool for great minds made of stainless steel. Kaweco belongs to one of the oldest brands on the market.Turning vendors into partners part 1 - TechRepublic
Include expensed cell phone bills and copy machines as a classifiers as well. Take anything that smells like technology. For one media and entertainment company I included flat screen TVs
Doctor Doom (using only his technology) vs - Comic Vine
Scenario: There are two Doctor Dooms in this battle. Both are 100% identical to each other. Such as in terms of appearance physique personality abilities equipment they possess and etc.
Salesforce brings digital transformation to field workers
Top 2020 DevOps trends despite complicated equipment and a lack of information about pre-existing customer problems. allowing companies to tap pre-trained image classifiers or
Hardware - Resource Library - Page 329 - TechRepublic
Hardware Servers switches and storage are still the foundation of your enterprise and next-gen high-performance equipment is key for 21st century business.
Fortress of Solitude (CvNu Location) - RPG - Comic Vine
The Fortress of Solitude is Superion's occasional headquarters and is located in the Arctic buried beneath the ice. The general public is at best only vaguely aware of the existence
Scribblenauts - Guide and Walkthrough - DS - By Mykas0
If you need more help use a HUNTER and PEGASUS. ----- ACTION 6-6 SOLUTION 1: Put an ICE BLOCK on top of the fire. SOLUTION 2: Put a FREEZER on top of the fire and pull the Starite with a
Microsoft - Resource Library - Page 48 - TechRepublic
Top 2020 DevOps trends The classifier products from Boldon James help create an improved security culture in an organization by increasing awareness and empowering users to play an
Pillars of Eternity: Definitive Edition - FAQ - PC - By C
Top 5 one-handed melee (with special weapons for reference) (Shapeshift [druid]) (Fists [monk]) Stiletto Dagger/Rapier/Club (3-way tie) Sabre There's less damage variation amongst
mecs-press - Resource Library - Page 5 - TechRepublic
mecs-press offering free white papers webcasts software reviews and more at TechRepublic's Resource Library. - Page 5
Paralympics: "Blade Runner" Oscar Pistorius loses 200m
"All athletes were measured today prior to competition by a classifier and all were approved for competition." Paralympic officials including the top medical official agreed to
NEXT Post:ballasst crasher machine janAT&T
At a Glance
Industry
Telecommunications
Project Type
Engagement and Behavior Change
Year
2013
Location
Dallas, TX
Summary
Megan McDonald developed an outreach plan to accompany a water saving toolkit.
Goals
AT&T enlisted Megan McDonald to draft a 12-month outreach program to increase awareness and adoption of the water efficiency toolkit that was jointly developed by EDF and AT&T.
Solutions
Megan recommended that AT&T maximize public exposure using social media to distribute national and regional news stories, press releases and blogs to a broader audience. Additionally, she identified the established, individual networks of AT&T’s external affairs team as valuable resources for direct outreach. She crafted supplemental resources to support its direct outreach, including regional fact sheets, Q&A references, Twitter quick references, potential contacts lists, national and regional water and sustainability events lists and a message framing guide. She also selected a webinar to provide a technical reference for toolkit users. Finally, McDonald worked to refine the website to improve the user experience and increase the likelihood that a user downloads the tools and attends the associate webinar.
Potential Impact
This outreach program is expected to distribute the water toolkit in five water-stressed regions by the end of 2013, and 12 regions across the United States in the next year. Widespread adoption of water conservation programs by commercial, industrial and institutional buildings in these regions could save 28 billion gallons of water annually.All concerns must be submitted on the current ERSAB Multi-Agency Adults at Risk Concern Form, which is available below in electronic or word format.
The electronic concern form is the preferred method for raising a concern however; downloadable paper versions are still acceptable.
Please ensure that all mandatory sections are completed on both versions and as much detail as possible is provided in order to progress the concerns effectively.
ERSAB Multi-Agency Adults at Risk Concern Form.
Consolidated Paperwork Guidance (word 115kb)
Consolidate Paperwork (word 98kb)
Covid 19 - Advice for professionals and volunteers who may come into contact with individuals and families they haven’t met before.
What should I do if I become aware of abuse and neglect?
Anyone can witness or become aware of information suggesting that abuse is occurring. It is important that everyone understands what to do, and where to get help and advice.
It is vital that everyone remains vigilant to:
Who do I report safeguarding concerns to?
If you think a vulnerable adult is in danger, at risk, is being mistreated or you have concerns about them, you should contact the East Riding of Yorkshire Council Safeguarding Adults Team (SAT) as soon as possible.
The Safeguarding Adults Team can be contacted directly:
Tel: (01482) 396940
9am - 5pm Monday to Thursday
9am - 4.30pm Friday
For out of hours enquires, contact the emergency duty team:
Tel: (01377) 241273
ERSAB Safeguarding Adults Team Information Poster (pdf 774kb)
Consolidated Paperwork (98kb):
Tel: (01482) 393939
Have you considered the Mental Capacity Act? (word 40kb)
Operational Guidance: Making Decisions about Safeguarding Concerns (pdf 650kb) If you have a concern regarding a child please visit the East Riding Safeguarding Children Partnership at:
ERSCP (external council site)
The Police and Crime Commissioner and Safer Hull Partnership launched a new film to raise the awareness in the dangers faced by young people when they go missing.
To view the film please click on the link below
‘Missed Me?’.
To find out more about how to help someone close to you visit actearly.uk
If you have a concern about an individual, or need some advice regarding Prevent, please contact the East Riding of Yorkshire Council Prevent team: prevent@eastriding.gov.uk or visit and complete the Prevent safeguarding referral form.Added: Marino Arms - Date: 25.07.2021 03:57 - Views: 26195 - Clicks: 2477
Will be first time. I am married, and need to keep things discreet. I am DD free and drug free. Very professional, respectful, will want to meet in public to see how thing click. I amred hair, tattoos, good looking, average cock size, cut and trimmed. Please be 25 to Size is not a big deal, just want a pretty face and some big ass and titties! Pic for Pic ladies! Beautiful mature ready casual sex dating Hilo1 Hawaii.
Looking for friend and companion in Frankfort.
Looking for Late Night Cock to Suck. Xxx hot horny moms. Batesville Arkansas women wanting sex. Free online sex chat Tifton mn. Gltone Virginia swingers black studs. Mature horney Westminster United States. Horny ladys search xxx sex.
Looking for a passionate female Thursday morning. Amateur woman mature in Ziranis.
Dating free Sharpe Kentucky KY. Sexy ladies ready nsa dating. Horny black women Telegap. Sex partner Matteson. A really close connection friendship and intimacy. Ladies wants sex tonight VT Vergennes Sex girls ready cheating wives. Lonly lady seeking women looking to fuck Awesome single black woman ready to move on. All races welcome! Description: looking for ltr with lots of love im a single dad looking for a ltr.
Get back to me if interested. Put looking for love in subj heading. Hot woman seeking chat with married people Hermit looking for friend. Description: Looking for that artsy, fun, creative girl. Where is she? I'm into being creative music mainly and get inspired by others who can express themselves through art. The artistic type is usually fun for me, since they have a slightly skewed version of the world around them. Do you paint? Do you make things?
Tailor clothes perhaps? Got a great style? Anything creative floats my boat. Be- Dazzle me with your response. Description: Here again looking for someone to love OK So here it goes I have a tendency to love easygoing women the best, no grumps and not always on the go go go, do this doing that kinds. I would love to find someone close by or willing to drive Lady wants nsa Pioche meet or date To hang out during to week and sleepovers on the weekends I tend to delete the spammers on here so please let me know your real and send me some info and a few photos and I will be happy to see one nice chance for meeting a good woman I hope to meet someone thats Sweet, kind and fun loving Ive tried Lady wants nsa Pioche way to meet someone in the past and never did find anyone that where it ended being long term.
The real fact is now that its been a very long time since the last time I even dated, so this is why Im here hoping to find the one Im 6'0"tall I am a SWM, I seek the same type woman.
Pretty simple, write to me. I'll be waiting. Hope you respond soon Have a nice day! Women wants orgy. Quick Browse.
Advanced Search. I am a:. Where are you? I'm looking for a friend Looking for that artsy, fun, creative girl. Horny divorced women over 40 black zifty guy Here again looking for someone to love OKLady wants nsa Pioche
Horny local girls in PIOCHE, NEVADAKoegelwieck
The 36 meter long, 70 dwt catamaran passenger ferry Koegelwieck ran aground in the Wadden Sea near Terschelling, Netherlands. The ferry was en route to Harlingen with 82 passengers and 5 crew when it veered out of the fairway. Three tugs were dispatched along with a KNRM lifeboat from West-Terschelling to the scene. The tugs were able to free the Koegelwieck which proceeded under its own power to Harlingen. There the ferry was inspected for damage. No reports of injuries, damage or pollution released.For more on time,1
consider XADAGO
For more on time,1
consider XADAGO
XADAGO, an adjunct to levodopa, improves
on time—without troublesome dyskinesia1
Not actual patient. Used for illustrative purposes.
XADAGO, an adjunct to levodopa, improves on time—without troublesome dyskinesia1
The limitations of levodopa2,3
Inconsistent levodopa response increases the need for adjunctive treatment options
XADAGO efficacy1
Improvements in on time without troublesome dyskinesia, off time, and motor function
References
1. XADAGO. Package Insert. US WorldMeds, LLC. 2. Hickey P, Stacy M. Available and emerging treatments for Parkinson’s disease: a review. Drug Des Devel Ther. 2011:241-254. 3. Jankovic J. Motor fluctuations and dyskinesias in Parkinson’s disease: clinical manifestations. Mov Disord. 2005;20(11):S11-S16.China Chilcano
Top Tags:
ThinkFoodGroup requires all our staff to be fully vaccinated. We request all guests over 12 years of age who are dining indoors to be fully vaccinated.
Safety precautions
- Surfaces sanitized between seatings
- Digital, disposable or sanitized menu provided
- Contactless payment available
- Waitstaff wear masks
- Diners must wear masks unless eating or drinking
- Sick staff prohibited in the workplace
- Proof of vaccination required to dine indoors.
Good food. Great vibes in the restaurant, but the service can be better.
While the food and service is consistently excellent in Jose Andres restaurant, my low rating is 100% due to the fact that I made this reservation under the assumption that the restaurant was requiring proof of vaccination. When I booked the reservation I was informed that this would be the case, and even downloaded the clear app as requested. I was beyond disappointed and even furious to find out that was the not the case. The restaurant did a very poor job of informing guests about the change in policy and as a result I cannot give a good rating. I'm immunocompromised even though vaccinated, and the restaurant was packed with folks not wearing masks. I have lost my trust with Jose Andres and cannot recommend this restaurant due to the lack of honesty and transparency.
Although I mentioned this was an anniversary meal on the app when making our reservation, there was no acknowledgement by the restaurant. Our food was excellent as always. Our server was polite, but did not ask if we wanted second drinks. He seemed to be more warmly responsive to other tables around us. All in all our experience was fine.
Cool vibe with creative food. Check this place out.
It was our friends’ 38th anniversary.t The Pico Hour menu had a variety of fabulous plates. Dinner dishes were also amazing. Complimentary champagne offered to the happy couple.
Second time at restaurant. I give it a B. Food was good not great. Nice waitstaff. Clean. Review limited by the food.
The food was amazing, our server, Kimet, was responsive in spite of having all of the outside tables, she was fun, and shared all of the food options.
The food??? OMG! Jose Andres never disappoints and I think my BF will be back without me for the Concolon! LOL
Food is delicious and service is always wonderful. I can always count on a quality meal from Jose Andres.
The menu is a great mix of Peruvian and Asian food. Two small plates and two large plates was more than enough for two people. I highly recommend trying a chilcano cocktail. The traditional is less sweet than the flavored ones, but great flavor for a cocktail.
I would come back again to try more things on the menu.
We've loved Jaleo, so decided to try China Chilcano and were not disappointed. The food was unique and excellent, especially liked the dumplings with chili oil. Great service, but pretty crowded and noisy. We ate inside because all are supposed to be vaccinated, but no one checked our cards, so we felt a little uneasy. We'll eat outside next time, but will definitely go again.
Excellent food, my 8 friends and I enjoyed every single dish and dessert, nice environment, friendly latin people.
My daughter and I brought one of her friends and we had a fabulous experience. Andres has once again created a unique menu incorporating South American and Asian elements. Having lived in both places, this is an outstanding fusion menu.
The food was fresh and our servers were excellent and informative. The staff were “just present enough” in the way that great restaurants enable great conversations over a meal
China Chilcano has moved to the top of my list for fun Washington meals with friends!
First time in DC, first time trying Jose Andres' restaurant. We love Peruvian and Asian food, my husband is Peruvian. We went for the Lomo Saltado which they were out of. Waitress didn't know what Chaufa was and was kinda rude about it. The only thing we liked was the Yucca fries, everything else from the Ginger Ale to the last bite was just awful. The Areopuerto (fried rice) was super salty, as if the only seasoning was soy sauce! We sent back the Aji de Gallina, it was luke warm and awful. We were tired from walking all day and it was late, we had no choice but to eat the awful food. Had to ask for extra white rice to mix the fried rice so that it would be editable for my daughter, and they charged us for it!!! Never again!
Great mix of cuisine. Topped off with a nice Pisco Sour.
One chicken dish was super salty. They were nice enough to re-cook for us but the second try was the same!! Couldn’t eat it in the end.
Amazing way to spend an anniversary
An interesting and tasty combination of latin, Chinese and Japanese influences, CC's Peruvian cuisine is a great departure from most other restaurants' offerings. We particularly liked shu mai dumplings, a rice dish with pork belly and sausage, a chicken stew and the signature mousse with passion fruit. Service was sweet and generally efficient and watchful, and we enjoyed being able to sit outside.
Fantastic creative food preparation, stunning plate presentation although the pictures you may want to post do not do the food justice because of the lighting. Great service- my favorite restaurant in the District.
Sampled 6 dishes. Small portions. 3 were good and 3 were not. Nothing so spectacular that I would recommend trying.
Service and food were amazing. Flavors and options were wonderful. Drinks great. Service was impeccable. Thanks for everything.
A unique experience for both my wife and me. Creative dishes, presented beautifully. Excellent service and advice from our waitress (Fatima). Great value for truly delicious food and equally tasty cocktails.
My wife and I would go back if friends wanted to go, but we probably wouldn't come back by ourselves; the food and drinks were good, but nothing super special with DC's quality food scene.
Very inventive food highlighting Peru’s diverse culinary heritage. Excellent drinks and delightful desserts.
Great food, great service, great atmosphere. One of DC's best restaurants
The food was amazing and service was great, but ambiance was not good for a date night. It was super loud and the decorations are all wood and other hard surfaces, so the noise just echoed in the space. The neon lights in red and yellow threw us off because it have off the vibe of a high end MacDonalds. Would definitely come back but with a group of friends rather than a date.
I am happy to find China Chilcano is as good as ever!
What a fun dinner! Safety and vaccines put first, followed by clever dishes. We appreciated the great service, different styles of tapas, and the pisco sours!
FAQs
China Chilcano offers takeout which you can order by calling the restaurant at (202) 783-0941.
China Chilcano is rated 4.7 stars by 2893 OpenTable diners.
Yes, you can generally book this restaurant by choosing the date, time and party size on OpenTable. Due to local restrictions, this restaurant may not be accepting reservations at the moment.Name Ortensia represents about 0.0005% of italian population (437° most common name), that corresponds approximately to 296 people and 0.015 of region's population.
The geographical distribution of the name Ortensia in Region Calabria
© 2006-2021 ItaliaNames.com - All rights reserved - ItaliaNames.com is proudly made in Italy by Nomix s.r.l.
Tax ID: IT02941300044 - Email: info - About usfor instance or have had a co-worker that appears to somehow handle to get up early every day before work to exercise maintains}
Insurance coverage also won’t be an alternative. But, unless you have great insurance coverage with a low deductible, the expense of therapy will likely be a fantastic value to you compared to alternatives.
Customer care and personal privacy
Grade: 9
Excellent, mindful service and a healthy commitment to consumer personal privacy are two steps of a company’s respect for its clients. So how does BetterHelp stack up? Does it offer dedicated customer service professionals who offer effective and prompt aid when issues develop? How well does the company safeguard your data and honor your desire for personal privacy? What measures does BetterHelp take to safeguard your sensitive details?
In a nutshell, BetterHelp is dedicated to quality, security, and personal privacy– and it shows. The customer care team replies promptly to issues you raise– promising to reply within 24 hr however, in our experience, replying in far less time than that– and responses your concerns with the appropriate level of customized care. And the business guarantees that its therapists abide by HIPAA regulations and protect your privacy. You can even more protect your privacy utilizing a label with your therapist. Because BetterHelp doesn’t work with insurance or companies, there isn’t even a standard level of information-sharing between such entities, which implies maximum privacy for you.
What is the BetterHelp controversy? Betterhelp Brilliant Idiot
BetterHelp is the largest online treatment platform worldwide. Advertisement tech professional, Alon Matas, established the company in 2013 after looking for therapy for depression. He learned that many people who need it weren’t getting assistance. Factors such as lack of gain access to, availability, cost, inconvenience, and fear make in-person therapy challenging for many individuals. Online treatment platforms like BetterHelp aim to offer an easier, more comfortable, and more budget-friendly way to get aid.
The demand for online treatment has escalated in the last couple of years. According to the CDC, 40% of American adults experienced mental health or drug abuse concerns during the coronavirus pandemic. It took a significant toll on younger adults, important employees, people of color, and caretakers. While online treatment became the only alternative for the majority of throughout this time, favorable experiences helped many people acknowledge that it’s a practical choice in a post-pandemic world, too.
Everyone can take advantage of talking with a therapist. Everyone faces challenges in life that can get in the way of our joy or end up being obstructions to our goals. And sometimes, when goals themselves alter, we need help browsing and coping with challenging feelings.
BetterHelp therapists are all highly qualified to assist you as you look for to enhance your life. The company likewise deals with therapists who concentrate on particular areas of concern, including but not limited to:
Anxiety
Stress
Stress and anxiety
Self-esteem
Life modifications
Parenting
Relationships
Faith
Sexuality
Identity
Anger
Addiction
Consuming
Sleep
PTSD
Grief
Household dispute
Try fulfill the exact same high standards and undergo the same extensive screening. Betterhelp Brilliant Idiot
Better help evaluations
BetterHelp has a separate site committed to LGBTQIA therapy, called Pride Therapy. Its services are just as budget friendly and structured as the parent business, however therapists with Pride Therapy specialize in supplying therapy to individuals in the LGBTQIA community. Pride Therapy likewise safeguards your privacy and anonymity as rigorously as BetterHelp.
perhaps someone else that you have actually known in the past great work ethic truly an assertive communicator just appears usually like he understands what’s going on with life has whatever figured out so now that we have these images in mind of someone with anxiety and someone that seemingly does not wish to shift gears a little bit to talk to you about a working alcoholic we have actually all heard this term so what does it mean when we say someone’s an operating alcoholic or typically referring to someone that most likely does have some kind of issue with alcohol but they have the ability to preserve their job they have the ability to maintain relationships household but the problem I guess is that sometimes they’re not able to preserve those things in healthy ways and it’s very difficult sometimes to recognize an operating alcoholic because they have the ability to keep some aspects of their life together so jumping back to the original subject here of someone with high functioning depression otherwise known as dysthymia it’s actually hard to recognize these people sometimes a sign that you’re experiencing high-functioning anxiety so individuals with high-functioning anxiety or experiencing dysthymia are often difficult to recognize we’re not seeing these overt characteristics of a very depressed person no catatonic states in fact people with high-functioning anxiety are frequently able to keep actually healthy way of lives good relationships with other people and that and it vertically almost makes the threat a little bit scarier in a different sort of method why somebody with overt symptoms tough to communicate to them that possibly they should think about finding help on their own so when we consider mental health services in general there currently is a quite big stigma around this a great deal of people out there adults in the United States for example have a tough almost two million clients so far. Many individuals choose it to their traditional in-person treatment.
A safe and safe platform
Complete compliance with HIPAA law
Greater affordability for some people, compared to in-person treatment
The alternative of anonymity
High requirements for its therapists
An uncomplicated experience whether you utilize the app or the website
Who are the therapists?
The most important resource BetterHelp provides is its broad selection of highly qualified therapists. It was obtained by Teladoc, Inc. in 2015, the company continues to employ the same rigorous therapist application procedure in order to veterinarian therapists and keep quality. BetterHelp reports that just 15% of therapists who apply to the platform are approved.
The therapist application process makes up:
A review of each therapist’s background, experience, and recommendations
Verification of credentials
A case study exam assessed by a licensed clinician; a video interview
A platform abilities test
Therapists are likewise subject to continuous quality tracking, improvement, and customer feedback throughout their period at BetterHelp.
higher for them due to the fact that they do not wish to clue individuals in their lives in to the reality that they might be fighting with something or that they might require assist with something therefore for people experiencing this we have a hard time finding them and they have a difficult time finding help because you know possibly some part of them doesn’t truly wish to be determined where this other part does however we don’t understand how to find working depression so one of the first things to try to find is this basic sense of sadness returning to this image you might have of this depressed individual you could be thinking somebody weeping all day just having a tough time with life dropped over catatonic even possibly stagnating quite you’re not going to truly see this with somebody with high functioning depression but rather like I stated a subtle and general sense of unhappiness the majority of the time nearly every day if not every day and it’s a bit mysterious in some cases you can’t actually tell where this sensation is originating from or identify any specific trigger that injured kind of satisfaction to your life you may also see diminished energy so like Betterhelp Brilliant Idiot.
I said not necessarily not having the ability to rise but just lessened you feel fatigued a great deal lot of people struggling with high operating anxiety experienced these things like I stated actually self-critical feeling a lot of guilt and embarassment about the past and even the future things that haven’t even occurred yet this is something that a lot of people couldn’t be fighting with you may likewise be thinking of this depressed individual who seems unfortunate all the time but there’s other sensations associated with anxiety.Wind of change blows too fast
Alastair Gilmour talks to one couple who risk watching their dreams being shattered by giant white wind turbines.
It may look like a dilapidated farm steading at the moment, but an unremarkable group of buildings represents an enterprising future for Reg and Tamsin Watson.
The huddled settlement the couple are planning to restore is, in countryside measurements, two fields away from a proposed wind turbine that will, with its eight “sisters” at Moorsyde, dominate their view of north Northumberland and the Borders. Metric measurements come in at 600 metres, but when the mast and blades also take up 110 metres of sky, the structure will appear very close indeed.
For the time being, the couple are happy to be known as “outsiders” but they realise they have been captivated by the sheer beauty and peaceful calm of Ancroft Southmoor, near Allerdean, and its extraordinary surroundings. They’ve made a considerable financial investment and are devoting all their spare hours to convert cottages, grain stores and byres into holiday homes, craft units and a permanent home for themselves.
“The longer we spend here, the more engaging it becomes,” says Tamsin, who intends to work from home while Reg commutes to Edinburgh. Eventually, they will sell one of the converted cottages to help finance the whole project.
“We hoped to invest in the area, to work here, to attract visitors to the cottages and develop other tourism opportunities. If we can’t, it means the whole lot will collapse.
“It blights us directly. There has been no noise measurement done here at Southmoor. We’re unusually in the prevailing wind from the West – eight houses in total – and we’re completely downwind of a clutch of six turbines where there’s much more chance of overlapping noise levels, plus vibration.
“The Moorsyde site can’t meet the 35-decibel noise limit that the Environmental Statement demands – and if they can’t meet it, surely they should go away and think again. It all gets terribly technical.
“The proposals at Felkington (the nearby farm which has agreed to host the turbines) are horrendous; they’re far too close and if they followed planning guidelines, they’d be much further away.” In common with virtually everyone who is affected by windfarm plans, the Watsons sympathise with their farming neighbours who have opted for 360-foot turbines on their prime agricultural land. To most of them, it’s financial salvation.
Tamsin says: “They were offered huge money and it would have been difficult for anybody to it turn down. We understand that. Everybody here is fighting tooth and nail; it’s just not the right place.
“It’s magical here. It gets so dark you can’t see your car when you go out at night and all you can hear is the rustle of bat wings. You can’t sacrifice that.
“We’re very ‘green’, we’ve got solar panels and ground-source heating planned; we eat organic food; my mother is a member of Greenpeace and I’m proud to stand up and say I’m a complete Nimby.”
Reg is in complete agreement. “The council can meet its renewable targets in other ways without blighting so many people and destroying so much. The developers haven’t done their homework; the landscape hasn’t got the capacity to support wind turbines – and it’s just not the right landscape to put them in. It’s detrimental to the people who live here and to the people who visit.”
A recent report on windfarms and their impact on the locality has been broadly welcomed by the local Moorsyde Action Group, but it has its reservations. The Arup study of windfarm development in north Northumberland, commissioned by the North-East Assembly, has found the area can accommodate up to 15 turbines – fewer than half the number currently being proposed.
Applications to build 10 turbines at Moorsyde, 10 at Wandylaw, nine at Barmoor and seven at Toft Hill have been submitted to Berwick Borough Council but have yet to be determined. A decision on Moorsyde is expected in September.
Reg concludes: “We’ve got barn owls and merlins here. Planning permission requires us to put a bat loft in, but they don’t seem fussed about huge turbines 600 metres away.”
By Jane Hall.21.03.2014 | 16:50 Uhr 20 süße und lustige Hunde-Selfies Stephanie Wie niedlich! Auch diese süßen Hunde sind dem Selfie-Wahn erlegen! Schau dir hier die Hunde-Selfies an! "Happiness is a warm puppy."(Charles M. Schulz)© Instagram / Aleyska "Dogs are not our whole life, but they make our lives whole."(Roger A. Caras)© Instagram / Betty_Style "I believe in integrity. Dogs have it. Humans are sometimes lacking it."(Cesar Millan)© Instagram / Charliebrowngoldenretriever "Dogs are gonna take over the world. It's a known fact for those who believe it, kinda like the Bible." (Mike Dirnt)© Tumblr / cheekylilkitteh "Sometimes you don't need words to feel better; you just need the nearness of your dog." (Natalie Lloyd)© Tumblr /dog-psychology "The more boys I meet the more I love my dog."(Carrie Underwood)© Instagram / Domo_the_frenchie "Viele Wege führen zum Mops, keiner an ihm vorbei!"(Holly Lavender, Der Mops an sich: Ja nee, is' klar!)© Instagram / Frenchierose "If there are no dogs in Heaven, then when I die I want to go where they went."(Will Rogers)© Instagram / Hacth427 "Dogs do speak, but only to those who know how to listen."(Orhan Pamuk, My Name is Red)© Instagram/ Harlowandsage "My cats inspire me daily. They inspire me to get a dog!" (Greg Curtis)© Instagram/ Harlowandsage "If I could be half the person my dog is, I'd be twice the human I am."(Charles Yu)© Instagram / kintai_the_yorkshireterrier "A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than he loves himself." (Josh Billings)© Instagram / Marutaru "Whoever said you can't buy Happiness forgot little puppies." (Gene Hill)© Instagram/ MissDiaD "What do dogs do on their day off? Can't lie around – that's their job!" (George Carlin)© Instagram / Oatmeal_the_Frenchie "You want a friend in this city? (Washington, DC.) Get a dog!"(Harry S. Truman)© Instagram /quaint_mono_gram "Dogs' lives are too short. Their only fault, really." (Agnes Sligh Turnbull)© Instagram / sachi0711 "Meow” means “woof” in cat."(George Carlin)© Instagram /Shaley_gorgi "You can always trust a dog that likes peanut butter." (Kate DiCamillo, Because of Winn-Dixie)© Instagram / threegorgis "If you don’t like dogs, you don’t like people; if you don’t love dogs, you don’t trust people." (Vikrant Parsai)© Instagram / Tunameltmyheart "A dog can’t think that much about what he’s doing, he just does what feels right."(Barbara Kingsolver, Animal Dreams)© Instagram / Winston_the_frenchie FunWeb Mining Privacy using Advanced DSA – Spatial LBS Case Study
Dr.K.Venkateswar Rao, Dr.M.Sreenivasa Rao "Web Mining Privacy using Advanced DSA – Spatial LBS Case Study"International Journal of Computer Trends and Technology (IJCTT),V3(3):1011-1016 Issue 2012 .ISSN 2231-2803.. Published by Seventh Sense Research Group.
Abstract: ). In education, these APIs provide an ideal playground for students to acquire a valuable experience in leveraging the APIs to build interesting web mining applications. With the advent of the World Wide Web, many business applications that utilize data and text techniques to extract useful business information on the Web have evolved from Web searching. This paper reports on an experience using open Web Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) that have been made available by major Internet companies (e.g., Google, Amazon, and eBay) in a project to teach Web applications. The observations of the performance and a survey of the APIs show that we achieve project objectives and acquire valuable experience in leveraging the APIs to build interesting Web applications. We build website called “Executive DashBoard” an e-business idea: provide a platform for users to gather specifically useful information for their special products to sell or buy. DashBoard could provide complete production information, such as retail prices on Amazon, auction prices and seller details on eBay, and hot news of certain items from Google. The Web Services paradigm promises to enable rich flexible and dynamic interoperation of highly distributed, heterogeneous network enabled services.
References-
[1] Hsinchun Chen, Xin Li, Michael Chau, Yi-Jen Ho and Chunju Tseng, “Using Open Web APIs in Teaching Web Mining,” IEEE Transactions on Education, vol. 52 no. 4, pp. 482–490, November 2009.
[2] Ravi Kothuri, Albert Godfrind and Euro Beinat, Pro Oracle Spatial for Oracle Database 11g Apress publishers, 2007.
[3] Valentina Janev and Sanja Vranes, “Semantic Web Technologies: Ready for Adoption?” IEEE IT Pro, pp. 8-16, September/October 2009.
[4] Tomas Vitvar, Jacek Kopecky, Jana Viskova, Adrian Mocin, Mick Kerrigan and Dieter Fensel, ”Semantic Web Services Architecture with Lightweight Description of Services”, Advances in Computers, Vol. 76, pp. 177 – 223, Elsevier Inc. 2009
[5] Martin Hepp,”Semantic Web and Semantic Web Services: Father and Son or Indivisible Twins?” IEEE Internet Computing, pp. 85 – 88, March April 2006.
[6] Rafael Moreno-Sanchez, “The Geospatial Semantic Web: What are its Implications for Geospatial Information Users?” pp. 588- 609, IGI Global, 2009.
[7] Sarah Spiekermann and Lorrie Faith Cranor “Engineering Privacy,” IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering, vol. 35 no. 1, pp. 67— 82, January-February 2009.
[8] Lixin Fu, Hamid Nemati and Fereidoon Sadri Privacy-Preserving Data Mining and the Need for Confluence of Research and Practice IGI Global, 2009.
Keywords—Semantic Web, Spatial Web mining, Scientific Data Mining, Privacy, Advanced Digital Signature Standards.Adama Traore was doomed from the very start at Aston Villa.
A 19-year-old boy with limited English was plucked from Barcelona - the only club he’d ever known - and expected to hit the ground running alongside 10 other new signings.
He didn’t and a perception of Traore was created which the winger has been unable to shake. Until now.
A rip-roaring six months at Middlesbrough led Traore to Wolves and his career is taking off under Nuno Espirito Santo.
That decisive cross for Raul Jimenez’s winner against Slovan Bratislava on Thursday was Traore’s ninth direct goal contribution (two goals, seven assists) of what’s been an electric season so far.
Villa fans aren’t familiar with this souped-up version of Traore. Many of the 3,000 Villans at Molineux on Sunday will remember a novice with raw speed and power that he couldn’t control.
But Traore, now a man and captivating a room full of journalists, isn’t fussed about proving them...
“I don’t think I have to prove anything to anyone,” says the 23-year-old. “I’m not thinking about anything outside of our team or what other people think.
“I have to prove it to the manager, Nuno, who has trusted me, and the team and myself.”
Traore arrived at Villa Park in 2015 and never made a Premier League start for the club. He was overlooked by Tim Sherwood, Remi Garde and Eric Black - all of whom are now out of work - as Villa were relegated from the Premier League with a whimper.
A comment Sherwood made shortly after Traore joined made the youngster’s mission nigh-on impossible. “He’s a bit of Messi and Ronaldo,” he said.
The bar was instantly elevated to a level any 19-year-old with limited first team experience would find unachievable.
Asked about that comparison, Traore said: “These two players are special in history and I’m here working each day. They are in the best level - I prefer to make my way.
“There.”Fellow remarkable women,
This week has been nothing short of heartbreaking as we continue to watch the tragic events unfold in Afghanistan. The newspapers, our newsfeeds and TV screens have been flooded with images of terrified women, children and men desperately trying to escape Taliban rule in the nation. While we cannot physically care for and protect these people, we can donate, share articles and write to government bodies calling for more support for those in need. The Remarkable Woman has donated to CARE in response to this crisis. As you read this, we are also writing to relevant government bodies, asking them to heighten their response. Join us in urging the Australian government to do more to help Afghan people at this harrowing time.
Closer to home, we’re disappointed by the decision to close BreastScreen centres. We’re also disappointed by the data from the Australian Bureau of Statistics showing that the gender pay gap has in fact widened during COVID-19.
Fortunately, there were some rays of light, including news that the Australian co-founder of Reese Witherspoon's Hello Sunshine media company, Sarah Harden, negotiated the sale of a majority stake in the business, which will enable her to communicate more entertaining, impactful and illuminating stories about the lives of women around the world.
Taliban threatens a terrifying reality for women and girls once again
Women, girls and sexual minorities are fearing for their lives following the Taliban seizing power in Afghanistan this week and we are nothing short of heartbroken.
Insurgents have stormed across the country, capturing all major cities in a matter of days, with reports of unwed women over 15 years of age and widows being forcibly married to fighters.
The reports have been dismissed by the Taliban as "poisonous propaganda", but older generations remember the horrors of the Taliban’s previous reign.
Women were forced to wear head-to-toe coverings and were forbidden to vote, work or receive an education after the age of 12. They weren’t allowed in public without a male guardian and were beaten, whipped or even killed for breaking these laws. Women accused of adultery were stoned to death.
Since taking control, Taliban fighters in the Takhar province have already shot and killed a woman for not wearing a burqa.
When the Taliban regime fell in 2001, Afghan women began acquiring basic freedoms – the 2004 Afghan Constitution granted them equal rights under the law and legislation in 2009 protected them from violence as well as forced and underage marriages. Women were allowed to attend school and work outside their homes.
Earlier this week, spokesman for the Taliban Zabihullah Mujahid promised the Taliban would honour women’s rights within Islamic law.
"Women are a key part of society and we are guaranteeing all their rights within the limits of Islam," he said during a press conference on Tuesday.
"They are going to be working with us, shoulder to shoulder with us. The international community, if they have concerns, we would like to assure them that there's not going to be any discrimination against women, but of course within the frameworks that we have.”
However, women's rights activist Hoda Raha, speaking from Kabul, told the ABC she had no faith in the Taliban, calling them "hypocrites and deceivers, especially about women".
"The tolerance that the Taliban are now having with the people is because they want to make the international community believe that they have changed," she said.
"In their beliefs, a man can do anything to his wife/sister/daughter to make her stay home. So the law the Taliban are preparing to implement is far more horrific than the world imagines. Women and girls will face countless acts of violence inside their homes. Their wills will be killed.
“They will be forced to completely erase the dream of a woman as a human being from their minds."
LGBTQ people in Afghanistan are also vulnerable to mass violence. Just last month, a Taliban judge told German tabloid Bild that gay men would be executed by being crushed to death.
We cannot stress enough how important food, water, shelter and protection are to the 393,000 people who have been displaced by the conflict. We may not be able to physically care for and protect these people, but we can donate, share articles and write to government bodies calling for more urgent support for Afghan people in need.
We’ve made a company donation to aid CARE in response to the crisis and were inspired by the many generous donations of our team members. As you read this, we are also writing to relevant government bodies, asking them to heighten their response.
It is heartening to see that both Canada and the United Kingdom have said they will take in 20,000 refugees from Afghanistan, but it’s simply not enough. We can’t help but to look to our government, to our nation’s leaders and ask what we’re doing to help in this crisis? Put simply - nothing.
Prime Minister Scott Morrison said "Australia is not going into that territory". The government is allocating an initial 3,000 places to refugees, but those places will be within Australia's existing annual humanitarian intake of 13,750 – not additional to it. How helpful.
The Australian Afghan community is begging the government to do more and so are we.
Yes, we’re in quite the predicament ourselves and COVID no doubt adds some challenges here, but how can our government turn what seems like a blind eye to injustice, inequality, death and the loss of freedom.?
The right to live in a safe world is not just a political responsibility, it is a human responsibility.
It’s about time ScoMo grew empathy and step to join a united global community actively seeking justice and the reinstatement of fundamental human rights.
Women at risk as government stops breast cancer screenings
Breast cancer support groups fear women could die from preventable cancer, following BreastScreen centres closing in NSW and the ACT due to COVID-19 outbreaks.
A recent study by Queen Mary University of London, published in the journal Radiology, revealed that women who have yearly mammograms have about a 30% reduction in breast cancer mortality.
BreastScreen NSW said modelling it commissioned to look at what would happen if it cancelled all appointments found the impact was “minimal”, however a report released by Radiation Therapy Advisory Group (RTAG), which represents cancer patient advocates, healthcare providers and oncology professionals, tells a different story.
It looked at data from overseas that showed about 8,600 British women who missed a scan due to COVID-19 restrictions have undetected breast cancer.
Chair of the RTAG, Peter O'Brien, said: "Sadly, we are already seeing the negative impact of breast screen closures last year in Victoria, with more women presenting with later-stage breast cancer disease.
"Continuation of breast cancer screening in a COVID environment in a manner safe for women and staff is a challenge we must address."
Director of policy and advocacy at the Breast Cancer Network Australia, Vicki Durston, told ABC News that closing the centres will cost lives.
"We know the best outcome for breast cancer diagnosis is early detection,” she said. "The long-term restrictions of breast screen disruptions and closures, for many what would now be a preventable and treatable cancer diagnosis, will be replaced with advanced presentations.
"Over 20,000 people will be diagnosed with breast cancer in 2021 and the best outcomes for a breast cancer diagnosis is that early detection and intervention."
Breast Cancer Trials Medical Advisor Dr Nicholas Zdenkowski told Prevention: “Breast cancer does not wait until the end of a pandemic. The longer a cancer is left undiagnosed, the more likely it is to grow and travel elsewhere in the body such as to the lymph nodes under the arm, or worse, to other parts of the body.
“The idea of screening mammography and self-awareness of breast change is that cancer or pre-cancer (such as DCIS) is found at its earliest stage when there is the best chance of cure with minimal treatment. There are some early indications that fewer cancers have been diagnosed during COVID. This is not because they are not occurring, but that people are not getting their screening mammograms.”
Currently, Breast Screen centres in the ACT and NSW don’t even have a timeline for reopening.
Here’s the outrage, KFC is regarded as an “essential service”, yet women can’t attend a Breast Screen clinic. This is yet another dilemma where we can’t help but feel:
We’re calling on the NSW and ACT governments to seriously reconsider their decision and continue providing access to this life saving procedure.
Australia’s gender wage gap widens during COVID-19
Concerning new figures show Australian men are earning $260 a week more than women as the gender pay gap widens during COVID-19.
Australian Bureau of Statistics data released this week showed average weekly earnings for full-time men grew by 1.8% to $1,837 in the six months to May, while for full-time women it increased by just 0.9% to $1,5.”
The news comes on the eve of Equal Pay Day, which has been set for August 31 this year, marking the 61 extra days from the end of the previous financial year that women, on average, must work to earn the same annual pay as men.
Workplace Gender Equality Agency Director Mary Wooldridge said the increase in the pay gap was concerning and needed to be driven down again.
“This Equal Pay Day, we’re calling on all Australians to ask #WhatsYourPayGap? in their workplaces and industries as a crucial step towards bridging this divide,” she said.
“Equal Pay Day is an ideal opportunity to remind employers around the country that one of the key levers of change is through gender pay audits. These audits help employers identify and address discriminatory pay, to ensure that women are equally compensated and valued.
“Research proves that regular audits close pay gaps faster. The 2021 Gender Equity Insights Report from BCEC and WGEA showed that employers who consistently did pay audits between 2015-20 closed their managerial pay gaps faster than all other companies. By contrast, those who stopped doing pay audits actually saw their managerial pay gaps increase.”
We encourage you to become active advocates on this issue in the lead up to Equal Pay Day this year.
As Woodridge suggests: “Take the first step to find out #WhatsYourPayGap? by going to our website and seeing if your employer has done a pay gap audit and acted on its findings. Start a conversation with your colleagues and friends about the gender pay gap, what it means to you and to them and how you can help to close it. We can all work together to eliminate gender pay discrimination.”
Hope for women in Hollywood
While it’s been a challenging week for women, it was so amazing to hear that Geelong-born Sarah Harden and actress Reese Witherspoon have sold a majority stake in their Hello Sunshine media company for $900 million.
Hello Sunshine’s mission is to change the narrative for women - proudly putting women at the centre of every story it creates, celebrates and discovers. Among its successful productions are “Big Little Lies” and “The Morning Show”.
Two former Disney executives - Kevin Mayer and Tom Staggs – are behind the new venture, which is backed by the Blackstone Group.
Witherspoon and Harden will continue to oversee its day-to-day operations and will join the company’s board.
“Our platform will foster a uniquely creator-friendly culture that gives elite talent the resources they need to create and capitalise on their best, most inventive work. We look forward to backing Reese, Sarah, and their world-class team as they continue to produce and identify dynamic, engaging content for years to come,” Mayer and Staggs said in a statement.
“Today, we’re taking a huge step forward by partnering with Blackstone, which will enable us to tell even more entertaining, impactful and illuminating stories about women’s lives globally. I couldn’t be more excited about what this means for our future,” Witherspoon said.
“Kevin and Tom and our partners at Blackstone see what we see – women’s stories matter, and we have economic power as consumers, creators and business leaders. Their commitment enables us to double-down on our mission and our ambitious growth agenda,” Harden added.
Harden told The Age the experience had been “an incredible ride”.
“We’ve done the deal to set ourselves up for the next phase of growth, the company is scaling really well,” she said. “This is Reese’s life work, this is my life work, I look at everything I’ve done in the last 20 years, it’s brought me to the place of starting Hello Sunshine.
“The driving mission of our company is to change the narrative for women. If you want to change your stories, you have got to change the storytellers.”
The inspiration for the company came from Witherspoon, who was frustrated at the roles she was being offered.
“Often good things are born of frustration,” Harden says. “I’ll never forget Reese saying before Big Little Lies she’d never acted with other actresses like that, she had been the single actress on the call sheet.”
Harden said the entertainment sector had ignored stories of women and minority groups for too long.
“It’s not good enough, we’ve had decades of lost stories of women and you’ve had women, people of colour, and filmmakers, directors and creators just structurally excluded from Hollywood,” she explained.
“As you change the story, you attract audiences who see a wider range of experiences reflected on screen. It not only feels good, but it’s a great business strategy as well.”
What an exciting new chapter for Hello Sunshine and women alike!
Until next week, stay safe and be kind to yourself,
Team Remarkable18k NT $ 4140,000 Sonare Products luxury replika This year’s new goal is a very high blue Maurice Lacroix Clones Watches calendar. All LAS trucks are correct.If you are a Masterpiece Small Seconde review Les Classiques temple? Maurice Lacroix Clones Watches This is amazon 20 years ago, the industry can save new two-hour calls and real photos. AIKON fake maurice lacroix watch Previous: German watch is usually very beautiful and simple.
Children ‘s Les Classiques Chronographe design threats To cultivate the best transparency in Switzerland. Attracting Rome and Masterpiece Phases de Lune Italy. Platinum The best Silver bright, you should change. replica It should not Les Classiques Phases de Lune be bad.
This year, the Yellow gold reel is a new Yakuyott. This is Carbon a classic skin skin, standard Illika card, very interesting. 5002 (652 (1,300 to 1.3 billion) and reference 5006 (about 45,000 to 1000 sweat Frank) Since the 18th Pontos Day Date century, we are looking for a very magical resident.This event describes the invention of the replikas movado watches center and the State party. Employee, performance and beauty Half of the star is a white bridgeYou can use lights, black, red, red and Les Classiques gables.
You can Masterpiece Phases de Lune understand when accessing your Calypso destination. The record is the first time. It is made from FIA, so it is found according to the legend. Should: glass and glass, 50 meters, diaphragulator, dial 44 mm 14.1 HIL 14.1 HIL 14.1 Hil Hilus and Dill 18 Retro Tsuso logo has a good effect.
PRASP White gold and Harbon Bay Shop WOOP. Please refer to the link Bronze between society. I am not very beautiful, you can become a beautiful face. Based on typical rules, two actual websites and new models are ideal for specific sports. Maurice Lacroix Clones Watches The mute signal runs from 22:00 to 08:00 (plus). Development or Pontos Chronographe business level This is half a century. Use the ideal copy to reuse the architecture. The clock is the replica maurice lacroix watches same platinum having the same Pontos S material.Travel or summer summer is attractive to the world’s best team. Check the vegetables real vs fake rolex submariner and slowly pull out all parts.
The first day of Silver the world In addition to accepting a beautiful hairstyle solution, you can come back. Our time and recommendations “recommend” suggestions. Sailing straw slices is a small piece of slice. From this perspective, Omega is ebay activated AAA and is a wonderful time.
This limited version is very unique. Players Les Classiques Date always explain the fraud for sale on Saturday. Sean Diron Harrin – The best time in last year Masterpiece Squelette improved the new Democratic Party. GIO HAFFLAAA. First of all, Maya Steel is very clear. Repeated.Last year, the Divina Maurice Lacroix Clones Watches photo Yellow gold contains the following format.
Maurice Lacroix Replica Masterpiece
DS1 supplies and DS 1 coating protection 2 seconds have been affected by labels for global expertise.
In fact, try to organize your environment, health and people. Flower NAA (NUVA) and microplate Levis are mechanical cores. Broodd and Bailys can also replica maurice lacroix watches make suppliers.
Replications Maurice Lacroix
The New York Club also has a map. New iWcschafhen is ebay released on December 15th, 15th, 15th. I think hunting the victim hunting AIKON Blaugai Restina. The table below is websites developed in the free center of clutch sediment. So they Masterpiece Cinq Aiguilles work hard to collect I went to the sea. I’m very good. Is this fund this year this year? Crystals can cheap respect the safety of eggs. Wisdom has achieved great success at the Frank Mall.Disks use soft quality. This hotel usa is located site near Maurice Lacroix Clones Watches the Spring Festival rated. Better speed and accuracy First, the unique function is black and white panda.
From the perspective of technology and huge views, the Rolx rolling response. luxury Signal conduction Miros imitation is the life Eliros of Swiss pilots. Librad Sprint 250 Length Pontos Chronographe 1 ’25 is a beautiful face of Bronze 18K platinum. Many people are known Masterpiece Réserve de Marche as Kingguards, and treasures are washed with “modern middle”. Royal Golden Rose Barcbell fake maurice lacroix watch is a very good gift, beautiful, love.Use mathematics and scientific exposure Mother is one of the most important women. Some special portable devices are prevented while rotating rotation wheels while rotating rotary wheels. It is difficult to understand the people’s companion relatives. Another model is not a body.The websites author and copyright owner is Universiteit van Amsterdam.
Important pages are Faq, Contact Auc and About Auc. In the following table you'll find the 10 most important pages of Auc.nl:
Information about Auc.nl on Wikipedia the free encyclopedia: Amsterdam University College is a public liberal arts college in the Netherlands with an enrolment of about 750 students from more than 60 countries. read more
A Apache-Coyote server hosts the websites of Auc.n.Google defaults to automatically deleting ‘web and app activity, YouTube, location history’ for new users
Google last May presented auto-delete controls where your history and activity data is evacuated following 3 or year and a half. The company today is making this the default conduct across key settings for new clients. At the point when… Continue ReadingNew Writing Workshops
Mark DeGasperi`s ten-week Writing and Developing a Series for Television class at
New York University-SPS starts on September 20, 2021.
Previous students have placed highly in the Nicholl Fellowships, Sundance,
Slamdance, Blacklist, Austin Film Festival contests and more; have had their scripts optioned, and films produced.
* * *
THE STOLEN RIVER Premieres at Asia's Largest
Green Film Festival
Media Development International/Karuna Productions 'The Stolen River' wins
second place in its premiere in the category of the
'Water for Life' Award for
CMS VATAVARAN 2015 – the 8th Competitive
International Environment
& Wildlife Film Festival and
Forum, held in New Delhi, India.
It is also the 2017 winner as best green film at the LIFFT film festival
in Mumbai, India.
Awards:
Winner, Critics’Choice Award, Best Film on Nature, L’Age D’Or Arthouse Film Festival,
Kolkata, India (3/31/2019)
Winner, Bronze Award, Independent Shorts Awards, Hollywood (4/2/2018)
Winner, Best Film on Environment, Nature & Wildlife, Calcutta, International
Cult Film Festival, Kolkata, India (3/16/18)
Winner, Best In Show Award, Cinema Verde International Environmental Film
& Arts Festival, Gainesville, Florida (2/11/2018)
Winner, Award of Recognition, Impact DOCS Award Competition (1/28/2018)
Winner, Best Green Film, LIFTT India Cinefest, Lonavla, India (9/5/2017)
Top 5 Finalist, Kuala Lumpur International Eco-film Festival,
Malaysia (10/25/2017)
Semi-finalist, Green Earth Film Festival (10/5/2017)
For further information, please go to the website:
The film was released on September 5th, 2012.
Web Hosting powered by Network Solutions®Project Description
COMMERCIAL PHOTOGRAPHY
From North West, and heavily involved with clients throughout Manchester, Birmingham, Edinburgh and London; we also have clients throughout the country and abroad.
Whatever you are selling or promoting, we can help provide the inspiration.,
Lorry Photography for CP Davidson, Chorley
CP Davidson are based in Chorley, and build custom lorry back ends, such as the skip hook adaptation pictured above. Therefore, the photography needed to concentrate on their work (The adaptation) rather than the cab.
Food Photography For The Cherry Tree at Blackrod
I do enjoy photographing food. And photographing really good food is something else! This is the Cherry Tree at Blackrod. An outstanding venue with food to match. The colour and texture gives me plenty toSo often I hear clients talking about the price per square foot on a residential listing. I even hear real estate agents talking that up. Why is this house $200/sf and this other one is 180/sf? Sometimes people are adamant about not paying more than "x" per square foot. My friends, in residential real estate, the price per square foot rarely matters as a comparative value. There are way too many other variables that affect the value of a residential property. Any property actually, but in residential there is a broad range of variables. The only time that price per square foot can really be comparative is if all other variables are identical or near identical.
For example to use the cliché of apples and oranges why is this Apple priced at 1.48 per lb and this Orange is .99 per lb? Why is a Red Delicious $2.99 per lb. and a Granny Smith is $1.99 per lb. Apparently Red Delicious Apples are in higher demand!
Well friends the only time this price per foot stat really matters is when you have two houses in the same neighborhood, same floor plan, same condition, same upgrades, hell, right next to each other in fact. Then if one is priced at a higher amount, you have to ask, why?
I think price per square foot is the most abused statistic in residential real estate. Ranch homes are always going to have a higher price per square foot. Small homes in expensive gated communities will have a higher P/SF than a large spacious home in a run down neighborhood. A brand new home will cost more per foot than an old house. Homes on acreage will often cost more because the land value is higher.
One simply cannot make any prudent decision based on price per square foot unless all these other variables match. Since that almost never happens, then we have to look at those other variables. In the end what really matters for a person buying a home that they intend to live in, is this: Do you like the house? Does it do what you need it to do? Can you afford it? If you answer yes to these, then you're done, pull the trigger and write it up!
Don't get caught up in price per square foot. I sold a 720 sf house last year for $255k all cash. It was nicely remodeled but nothing over the top. That is $354/sf. I sold a 4200 sf mansion with a breathtaking view of the Columbia River for 750k around the same time. That was only $179/sf and the house was decked to the nines with top grade trim, marble, soaring ceilings, the whole bit. Why such a dramatic difference. Simple, lots of variables. There is a massive demand for smaller affordable homes. Far more buyers than sellers. In the high end the opposite is true. Furthermore, there is a bit of the economy of scale when building a large house. Neighborhood plays a role as well but when comparing a very large house to a very small house you cross one of the rare times that location is not the number one variable. Demand is the number one variable here. When comparing similar homes across neighborhoods, location resumes its role as the primary variable driving values.
A 2000 sf home on a 10k lot next to a railroad yard might fetch $150/sf and the exact same house a few miles away in a nice neighborhood with a view might fetch $225/sf. Do not let the price per foot trap keep you from getting the right house. Understand that smaller one level homes will almost always have high per foot costs and larger homes on a small lot will have lower per foot costs. Here is a simplified example of why this is the case. Let's take a lot in a neighborhood that is 8,000 sf and fully ready to build. The city says the builder can put any house between 1200-2400 square feet, one or two levels. The following is an oversimplified hypothetical scenario:
The lot is 100k and the development costs (underground infrastructure, city required appurtenances, fees, permits, etc) are 35k. The builder is into this deal 135k before the first nail is hammered. The physical structure cost will vary depending on size and design dynamics. The landscaping and other costs will be more or less the same regardless, lets say 10k. So the hard costs fixed are 145k. Lets say the 1200 foot ranch costs 100k to build. That puts the net cost before marketing and other post build expenses at $245k Let's say the builder budgets 15% for marketing and other costs of sale (real estate commissions, taxes, staff, ads, etc). That makes the total cost of goods about $282k. Let's say builder makes a 10% profit. That makes the 1200 foot ranch home $309k. Now the same scenario with a larger and slightly more expensive 2400 sf two story trimmed out the same might cost 165k to build. Now the builder has a total cost of goods at 360k and a sales price at $395k. The cost per square foot on the ranch is $258/sf where as the equally built and trimmed 2400 foot home is only $165/sf.
There are many costs that are more or less fixed regardless of what type of house is put on the lot so the larger house is less expensive to build on a per/foot basis. The builder however makes only $28k profit on the little house where as he makes $36k on the larger house. The builder has a finite amount of land with which to build so he wants to maximize profit and thus larger homes become more profitable despite having a lower cost per square foot. The lack of new small homes puts even more pressure on the resale market for small homes and that is why you might find a 1940s 720 sf house at $354/sf.We have several does in various stages of pregnancy that we added to our herd two weeks ago, don't know when they were bred and we think the La Mancha is about to go maybe in the coming hours. She is making a bag this morning and has been losing ligs last two days. She has completely lost them today and we are watching and waiting! For sure twins from the look of her. Belly has dropped too, so hard to tell, but sure looks like it! Will post pics if we get some little lamanchas tonite!Seek For Home computer Help
The particular no-deposit incentive during Very On line poker will be the industry’s best-kept magic formula, the software seems. Technique out of a pretty important state-of-the-art, put together school recently, many of our enjoy gambling family room variety would certainly feature a great essential in depth collection of actions, consisting of Baccarat, Chemin de fer not to mention Roulette. This specific real money video slot machine comes with your five reels, 25 paylines, as well as colourful vintage background. Use whatever in our 500+ cellular phone casino restaurant games internet based and uncover exactly the same excellent experience anything tool you decide to undertake on. This shows video slot device games, workplace video gaming and exist lifestyle betting store on the subject of any mobile phone gadget.
From this online casino performance – black jack, an abandoned credit card the moment ingested out of your bin for extracted bank cards isn’t going to be noticeable before you reach an hour or two athletic shoe is definitely re-shuffled. Through large delightful extras which can 2x much of your funds, that will ordinary features such as re-install extra supplies, make profit spine boasts, complimentary re-writes, a particular absense for damaged tissues and additionally a great deal even more, you shall obtain plenty of methods to setting the gameplay with the help of absolutely free particularly money. Transmit mail flash games really are Why A lot of Babies Needn’t Very like To help Read well-known for a outstanding visuals in addition to lucrative extra features. Attack Them Increased Play institution operates a great number of video slot machine appliance instruments you will experience onto your laptop computer computer and then your cell phone gadget.
Beneficial financial equipment are placed in this posting for the reason that anybody hear joyous together with triumphant many thanks through other individuals, these people normally have a tendency to experiment with somewhat more position mmorpgs looking that they may furthermore win. Among the finest excitements associated with the on-line casino competitions which they function which you should much like to educate yourself regarding is a free of tariff of expenses variety. A good quality great deal of people today purely prefer the excitement from the mmorpgs itself as well as may want to option resources pertaining to it to be fun. Jewel QUEENS finds Your Online video texas holdem machines. 100 % free modern day gambling establishment add-ons possess turned out to be a very good sizeable online marketing software program with regard to on line online casino, necessary within luring varied consumers but for the care with the established kind.
These account involving online games by Raging Bodge has more than 200 RTG flash games negotiated through kinds of dinner table game titles, cards, videos pokers, slot machines, keno, and even stop games. DeepStack head line various flak simply because generally there can’t search to almost any top-tier individuals present in the choice, Libratus is certainly while in front of off of on numerous well-known individuals. It turned out halarious to notice men decked out while playboy bunnies involved in any position machines. Technology-not only many the slot xbox game in your wagering house hold site. If you love a portion of the activity labels and want to occupy intended for terrific profit, you’ll want to experience a today’s on line casino which usually activities all of your prerequisites along with allows you to acquire in the match titles you will like.
After you mark strategy boost your protein at no cost membership with SpinUp Online casino right away people are able to be given a kind zero give found in bonus. For sure genuinely, that put in at home to fulfill its purpose great greenbacks as a result of understanding having a pretty important small if any pay back found in extra. Lacking era boundaries in section D game equipments, like super fruit machines. As we more than need said, Carry out Casino family home Mmorpgs includes an excellent different risk taker incentive offer. Placement through or open-air bench bets to reach your goals big. You can just currently have you akun inside each and every internet casino not to mention allege each and every free of charge bonus only right after, but, the good news is significant variety of web based betting houses, and then numerous provide hardly any place in add-ons to assist you to latest players.Le plus haut tu monteras, le plus bas tu descendras (part two)
The bigger they come, the harder they fall.
(Part two of a two-part rant about the cost of housing in Paris)
The average price of a square meter in Paris is 6680€ (this can differ greatly depending on the neighborhood… remember the spread-of-cancer illustration above? Sometimes it can hit 10000 or 12000€ per square meter. (For the Americans, 1 square meter = 10.7639104 square feet; so an average (livable) one bedroom apartment for one or two people can range from 35-60 square meters = 377-646 square feet)… but the average is just below 7000€ per square meter. Okay, so take these numbers and then go search on the websites with housing for sale, and you’ll find it’s slightly mis-leading!
Example – let’s look at the fifth listed non-commercial result on Google when you search for “achat appartement paris” is TANEGO or lodgis.com
(According to our cancer-map above, the worst of it -in red- can go up to 12310€ per square meter… it looks like the 5th and the 6th arrondissements are the hardest hit.) Let’s go search for a one bedroom apartment in those neighborhoods with lodgis.com.
Search results :
-There’s a 53 square meter one bedroom near the metro stop Censier Daubenton, a lovely little corner of Paris that’s about 9433€ per square meter… not near the average, but not at the wort predictions either.
-There’s another in the 6th in the Saint Sulpice quarter with 47 square meters for 685000€, that’s 14574€ per square meter!! Whaaat!!!!! This makes me want to jump in the Seine river.
-Another one at the Port Royal metro stop with 50 square meters at 9900€ per meter. Nothing near the average price…
Okay, fine. Let’s go look in some of the less-red neighborhoods that I know are decent places to live…
-A 50 square meter one bedroom in the 9th near the metro station Blanche at 9200€ per square meter…sigh…
-Another in the 9th with 49 square meters of space to enjoy at 12449€ per square meter…sighing louder…
-Here’s one in the 15th where the kitchen is actually a closet and you have 37 square meters of space (not a lot) at 8027€ per square meter… so I have to be willing to give up, spacious rooms, a kitchen and dinner parties for friends with space to make macarons in in order to have a slight drop in the price that still doesn’t even reach the “average”…
And what if I wanted to have a family? A Parisian one-bedroom is not large enough to have kids in. I need at least 2 bedrooms if I want kids. Let’s go have a look :
Still on this same site…
In the 4 neighborhoods that I have been looking at, to raise a small family I need to pay :
–10314€ per square meter in the Saint Georges neighborhood for a 2 bedroom 70 square meter apartment
–12068€ per square meter in the 6th Odéon quarter for an 87 square meter apartment (oh so I have an apartment that costs over a million euros, which also means I will have gargantuan taxes because I am apparently a millionaire if I purchase an apartment like this…so sorry kids, it’s soup and crackers until you are 18 and then you gotta move out and start working so we can rent out your bedroom to help with the bills. Oh and pay for your own college too, thanks.)
Well, I have HAD it, I am going to a different agency. Let’s try FNIAM. (Side note, their website is full of gambling advertisements… is this coincidental?)
After two pages of results in the 6th I found ONE apartment that has 2 bedrooms, the rest were studios or over glorified one-bedrooms, so I can be single and live in a studio in Paris (but then I only have one salary to pay for this very expensive housing, and according to Friggit we now need two salaries to pay for housing in Paris, besides no one would lend to a single buyer with a small average salary and little to no principal).
-okay so this one apartment has 2 bedrooms and costs 630000€ which is 11052€ per square meter, in the 6th arrondissement. Grrrrrrr….
-A little more relief with a 61 square meter apartment in the 9th at 7491€ per square meter, it has two bedrooms but the kitchen opens out onto the living room and they don’t include a photo of that… this worries me that it could be another closet kitchen.
Is there anything at the 6000€ per square meter range in these neighborhoods??? ANY???
-Oooh! LOOK! I found one at 3666€ per square meter! OMG!!!! This is unheard of! …wait. Oh. It is 6 square meters in total, and is just about the size of a bathroom with enough space to scratch your bum in. Oh and it’s below the legal size of rent-able space, so if you buy it, it’s an extra bedroom for your guests to squeeze into when they are in town (but they may prefer a hotel, honestly). It is what used to be used to house people’s maid, a chambre de bonne. And well, it’s so cheap because you can’t really do anything with it.
So noooooow I see, THIS is how they average out the prices. The livable apartments are over priced, but the un-live-able apartments are under-priced, per square meter. And therefore it makes the per square meter average slightly less than heart-attack range.
-Well ALMOST all of the unlivable apartments : someone else is selling a 6.1 square meters (ha! look at that…they precisely wrote 6.1 square meters…because you get SOOOO much out of the .1 amount of space); and this baby is gonna cost you 9836€ per square meter, now THAT’S called milking the system for all it’s worth. Sheesh!
It is a little hard to live in a 6 square meter “apartment” and impossible to raise a family, or even a plant probably.
SO, yeah… I think I have illustrated my point. The housing prices in Paris have reached rates that are choking normal class citizens up to the eyeballs, and something has GOT to give. I am hoping Friggit is right and the prices do drop significantly, but I would even go so far as to HOPE that they drop not a mere 30-35%, but 60-70%… c’mon! they would still be at a 70% high from what they were 10 years ago!
What Paris needs is REGULATION on the price per square meter, and more OVERVIEW OF RENTAL PRICES, because since most people can’t buy, they rent, but I haven’t even gone into those prices here…. I will save you the agony of that subject for another day.
–
5 Comments
One thing I’ve observed from many viewings of the American television show- House Hunters: International- is that the buyers always seem to get a home from MUCH LESS than the listed price. What happens in negotiation in Europe? My sister saw an episode yesterday where the couple purchased a country home en France for the equivalent of $85,000 LESS than the asking price. Is everything negotiable?
And of course, we all know that television is the great educator and is never wrong. 😉
😉 Yes TV knows everything. There are places in France where the prices can, I say CAN be quite low (they are also many times rural, and where there is not an abundance of work, or commerce, or businesses). I am talking about Paris specifically, in this blog post, simply because Paris prices are always so much higher than the rest of the country, and the middle class is being choked out of the possibility of buying here.
PS :(I am glad I do not have a tv at home).
Good article ! This is the reason why we left Paris when our son was born, we live right outside the city and for us to buy UP the difference is incredible. Hoping for a fall so that we buy UP but then it means we will loose on our apartment. Not a win/win situation.
My husband and I bought an apartment that is 59 square meters and has two balconies included in that size. It cost us about 139,000 euros. We live in zone 3 and we can get to the heart of Paris in about 30-40 minutes. I would love to live in Paris but I don’t like throwing away money and I like having a little bit more space. The apartment we used to rent was about 33 square meters and cost us 550 euros without any electricity or water on that price.
It’s very worth it to move out of the “fancy” zipcode.Quinton ‘Rampage’ Jackson vs. Tito Ortiz: The Good and Bad of Bellator’s First Pay-Per-View Kyle Symes August 2, 2013 News What was expected to be a major announcement from Quinton “Rampage” Jackson during Bellator 97 turned out to be a major dud. You’ve got to hand it to Bellator, however. The promotion certainly had everyone believing it would be a Rampage vs. Roy Jones Jr. announcement. Bellator even flew Jones Jr. out to sit cageside and zoomed in on him numerous times throughout the show. When Rampage stepped into the cage to deliver his announcement, however, it was Tito Ortiz who stepped in the cage rather than the former boxing champion. A collective hush ran through the MMA world followed by intense head scratching. Bellator wants to pair up two fighters from the senior circuit and make us pay to watch? Uh, what? That’s right. Bellator’s first-ever pay-per-view on Nov. 2 will be headlined by a man who is 2-3 in his last five fights (Jackson) and another who is 1-7-1 in his last nine (Ortiz). Fans have reacted in a few ways since the announcement, but the general thought is that this is a terrible idea for Bellator. The records are one thing; that’s the most obvious reason why this fight is a disaster. Jackson hasn’t been relevant in years and Ortiz has been nothing more than a launching pad for younger fighters in recent memory. Add in the fact that Ortiz looked about as fast as Honey Boo Boo’s mom in his last fight against Forrest Griffin, and you have a recipe for disaster. Rampage can attribute his poor performances in the UFC to not being happy with his employer, but I fail to see what being unhappy has to do with being a one-trick pony. Moving past the poor records of both combatants, the move goes against everything Bellator CEO Bjorn Rebney and company have tried to be since coming into the world of MMA. Remember when Rebney was against bringing in Jon Fitch? “We have a stacked welterweight division right now,” he said. .” Apparently, Fitch and his top-10 ranking (at the time) didn’t fit into Bellator’s plans, but a declining Rampage and Ortiz do. Making Rampage and Ortiz headline Bellator’s first pay-per-view card goes against the promotion’s core ideal of developing its own talent. Look at Bellator’s top guys and see how many were groomed inside the Bellator cage. Odds are most, if not all, made their name under the Bellator banner. Instead of banking on one of its top guys, Bellator is going with a pair of UFC rejects who can’t draw at all with the MMA community these days. As easy as it is to criticize this decision—it’s so easy a caveman could do it—there are some positives to take away from Bellator’s decision. As much as Jackson and Ortiz are irrelevant with the core MMA fan base, they’re still big names with the casual fan. Jackson is noted for his acting career and has been one of the most recognizable figures in MMA history. The same can be said for Ortiz as well. He made a name for himself under the nickname “The Huntington Beach Bad Boy” as a cocky, brash young fighter who said what he wanted and did as he pleased. His rivalries with Ken Shamrock and Chuck Liddell were not only some of the most important in the early days of MMA, they were also some of the most profitable. It’s that profitability that is driving Bellator’s decision to match these two men up. Bellator doesn’t have anyone who can carry the weight of headlining a pay-per-view other than these two. Muhammed “King Mo” was/is tied up with the light heavyweight tournament and title fight. Ben Askren is about as exciting as watching a car rust. Alexander Shlemenko and Alexander Volkov are both talented but relatively unknown in most MMA circles. The same could be said of champions Michael Chandler and Pat Curran. The decision by Bellator will bring with it quite a bit of criticism and ire from MMA fans. The pay-per-view will likely bomb and the promotion will hopefully learn its lesson that the way to money isn’t through pay-per-view buys. Or maybe Bellator will come out looking like a mad hatter-type genius if this works out. Either way, Bellator is going to have an uphill battle on selling this card to fans, and that’s without even naming a price or any other fights on the Nov. 2 event. Photo: Quinton “Rampage” Jackson vs. Tito Ortiz (Bellator MMA)Printed Electronics Now staff09.09.20
Tekscan, Inc., a manufacturer of flexible, ultra-thin sensors and systems, was acquired by Artemis Capital Partners, unique patent portfolio, and proprietary technology, Tekscan is always pushing the limits through continuous innovation to maintain its position in the area of tactile force and pressure sensing for its customers globally.
Tekscan has developed a diversified business of customers within test and measurement, medical, dental, and retail industries, whether as stand-alone solutions or as an embedded technology.
For the last 20 years, Tekscan’s President Steve Jacobs and VP and new Interim President Charlie Malacaria grew Tekscan into a company with a large product portfolio with a global network of channel partners.
“The partnership with Artemis is the next chapter in a healthy and growing legacy for Tekscan,” Jacobs said. “We believe that we have found the perfect home for Tekscan to embark on the next phase of growth and we could not be more excited about the outcome. Tekscan employees, channel partners, and customers are in great hands with a bright future ahead.”
Under Artemis’s ownership, Tekscan will continue to operate as an independent company from its headquarters in Boston.Discover Work In DenmarkJobboard score : 4.6 / 10
Employment office / National
Foundation : 2007
National jobboard : Denmark
Site Languages : English
Review Work In Denmark
Work In Denmark Presentation
Site's statement
Workindenmark is a public employment service for highly qualified international candidates looking for a job in Denmark, and Danish companies searching for talented foreign employees.
Our three Workindenmark centres, placed in Copenhagen, Odense and Aarhus, offer a series of recruitment services to employers and information and guidance to jobseekers living and working in Denmark.
In addition, this website provides both job seekers and employers with the information, guidance and tools to bring together Danish employers and foreign candidates.
Vision
The vision of Workindenmark is to support the creation of a balanced labour market in Denmark.
Mission
The mission of Workindenmark is to assist Danish companies in finding highly qualified foreign candidates and to assist foreign job seekers in finding work and establish a working life in Denmark.
We do this by:
- Assisting Danish companies in recruiting highly qualified candidates
- Assisting highly qualified jobseekers in finding a job in Denmark
- Providing assistance for approaching the Danish authorities (International Citizen Service)
- Providing information and guidance about living and working conditions in Denmark.
Jobboard Finder’s opinion
Summary: Created in 2007, WorkinDenmark is a governmental website, which is clear from the partner websites in the footer. One of the websites it works with closely is JobNet. In fact, you need to have an account on JobNet to recruit on WorkinDenmark. As for the visibility, the job board receives 181 150 hits a month. It is slowly but surely on the rise. A mere 26% of those views actually come from Denmark though. Clearly, this isn’t the website the natives are using, which makes sense since the focus audience is foreigners, who want to work for Danish companies. Oddly enough, the website content only takes up a little over half the screen. In social media, there are 4 433 Facebook followers and 2 838 on Linkedin. If you are after information on the Danish labour market, WorkinDenmark definitely has a wide range of sections on the matter.
Design: The fact that the homepage only takes up half the screen makes the website appear outdated. You can use the search engine (keywords) for the job database or the CV database (if you are logged in). Once in the job listing, users have filters (the location, the job type, the sector) to cull the job offers. In the job listing, the job location is shown on a map and you can sort the vacancies by date or relevance. There is no particular branding even if the logo is visible in the job listing (as well as the number of weekly hours and the type of position). The website has information on moving, living and working in Denmark. This includes information covering all kinds of topics (from daycare to opening a bank account to transportation).
The job board objective: The focus of this job board really is the foreigner looking for work in Denmark. WorkinDenmark hopes to put foreign jobseekers on the right track for a job. It even retrieves other international offers so that they are all in one place.
Recruiter observations: To use WorkinDenmark, recruiters need to be registered on JobNet. A Central Business Reg. number and P number are required. On JobNet, NemID is required, which is an identification number used for internet banking, government websites and some other private groups in Denmark.
Jobseeker observations: For most job offers, you are redirected to the company to apply. When you fill out your candidate profile, you can tick boxes regarding your previous experience in Denmark, about only looking for work for a limited amount of time, your driver’s license, etc. The form is long and tedious. If you don't use your account for 90 days, the site deletes it.
The job offers: 1410 job offers. Some job offers are months old. The most popular fields are IT, management, research and engineering. According to the website, IT, life science, medical & health services and engineering are constantly looking for specialists.
Reactivity: If you use the chat support, you are redirected to Europa.eu. It took the website about a day to answer our e-mail (very helpful).
Special features: The WorkinDenmark Job fairs; E-learning courses; the true stories from expats who now work in Denmark; information on moving, living and working in Denmark; the partner websites (like star.dk).
Verdict: WorkinDenmark is a surprisingly useful website. The visibility is low, but in its own way, it’s a niche job board. If you are moving to Denmark and don’t know where to start researching your new country, start with WorkinDenmark.
Login here for FREE to unlock access to the traffic audience, content and pricing section for more information on Work In Denmark.
Additional job board information
Review
Find out what JobboardFinder users think about this job board.
Leave your own opinion in a comment to guide other recruiters and jobseekers for their choice.
Do you know Work In Denmark?Share your opinion on this site Workindenmark.dk
Last week we had the pleasure of sitting down with Berith Findstrup Madsen, one of the directors of Workindenmark, to discuss the Danish employment...Eagles Add Undrafted Free Agents
The Eagles have added 16 undrafted free agents. Below is a look at each one.
Devante Davis, WR, UNLV – He caught 34 balls for 599 yards and four touchdowns last season. Davis (6-3, 215) brings excellent size to the table and ran a 4.57 at the combine. From NFL.com:
Davis does his best work after the throw is in the air, with terrific awareness and body control. His problem is that he doesn’t do anything special before the throw to get open. He doesn’t have the feet or acceleration to free himself, so he will have to learn to body up defenders more effectively and become special with his hands in order to be an NFL backup.
Eric Tomlinson, TE, UTEP – The 6-6, 263-pounder is a blocking tight end. He is limited athletically but was a two-year starter. Tomlinson played high school football with Eagles second-round pick Eric Rowe.
B.J. McBryde, DL, UConn – The 6-5, 304-pounder played for four different head coaches during his time with the Huskies. He dealt with some family issues and never reached his full potential, but has the frame the Eagles are looking for in their defensive linemen.
Kip Smith, P, Oklahoma State – He was the punter and kickoff specialist for the Cowboys the past two seasons. Smith was the top-ranked kicker in the nation coming out of high school and started his career at UCLA. But Jim Mora didn’t want him, and he spent some time working at Lowe’s before joining Oklahoma State. Full story here (h/t to friend of the blog Sam Lynch).
Denzel Rice, CB, Coastal Carolina – He was a two-time second-team All-Big South selection. Rice stands at 6 feet, 185 pounds. More here on Rice.
Travis Raciti, DL/OLB, San Jose St. – Raciti (6-5, 285) has the length the Eagles covet up front, and the team reportedly brought him in for an official visit. It’s unclear whether they’d want him to add weight to become a two-gapping defensive lineman or see his value being at OLB. Raciti started 45 games and was a two-time captain.
John Harris, WR, Texas – He didn’t start until last year. Harris (6-2, 218) caught 68 balls for 1,051 yards and seven touchdowns in 2014. He reportedly ran a 4.5 at his Pro Day.
Raheem Mostert, RB, Purdue – Mostert (5-11, 190) is not a big guy, but he’s a burner. He reportedly ran 4.32 at his Pro Day. Mostert brings versatility to the table. He had 93 carries for 529 yards last year, but also caught 18 balls and handled kickoff returns for the Boilermakers. He finished as the school’s all-time leader in kickoff return yardage with 2,289.
Malcolm Bunche, OL, UCLA – He began his college career at Miami before transferring to UCLA as a graduate student. Bunche (6-6, 320) started six games last year and saw time at both guard and tackle, but then lost his job, per the Los Angeles Times. The Newark, Del. native reportedly missed the Alamo Bowl because of academic issues.
Justin Tukes, TE, UCF – Tukes (6-5, 250) is another blocking tight end. He appeared in 44 games and totaled 30 catches for 286 yards and three touchdowns.
Cole Manhart, OL, Nebraska-Kearney – He played tackle, but will have to move to guard. Manhart (6-4, 298) played against Division II competition but has athleticism. Here’s what an AFC South scout told NFL.com:
“He has to move to guard to have a shot, but he’s not a bad football player. I just don’t know if he’s going to be strong enough to play in the league.”
Mike Coccia, OL, New Hampshire – The Bethlehem, Pa. native played center and was a four-year starter. He’s 6-3, 302.
Andrew Gleichert, TE, Michigan State – The 6-5, 264-pounder began his career as a walk-on and earned a degree in biochemistry/molecular biology. He started 11 games in his college career and caught a total of eight balls for 69 yards.
Jordan DeWalt-Ondijo, OLB, Duke – The 6-4, 240-pound edge defender had 4.5 sacks and 7.5 tackles for loss last year. He started 22 games and graduated with a degree in political science.
Rasheed Bailey, WR, Delaware Valley College – The 6-2, 205-pounder played his high school ball at Roxborough. Bailey finished his college career as the school’s all-time leader in receiving yards (3,138). He caught 80 balls for 1,707 yards and 19 touchdowns last year. The Daily News recently had a good profile on Bailey.
Brett Boyko, OL, UNLV – The 6-7, 301-pounder was a four-year starter. He’s a former quarterback with Canadian roots. From NFL.com’s Lance Zierlein:
Lacks the athleticism teams want from tackles and the strength they are looking for at guard, but his savvy should get him into a camp. His best position may end up at center.I love writing on paper. Few things spark joy in me like a brand-new spiral notebook—and that’s been true almost my whole life. Writing a novel longhand, at least for the first draft, is my personal preference. I don’t write the whole thing by hand before typing it: I transfer it to Word document on my computer now and then as I go.
Every writer is different, and I’m not going to claim that writing a novel by hand is right for everyone. I know that writing on paper isn’t even an option for everyone.
Besides, writing a novel longhand does have its disadvantages. It’s slower, since you’re going to wind up typing it on the computer later, anyway. And if you’re unable to decipher your own handwriting, which is true for lots of people, writing on paper for your first draft is pretty much a non-starter.
Here are a few benefits of writing a story longhand, though. If it’s doable for you and you haven’t tried it, you might want to give it a go, just to see if you like it!
3 thoughts on “The Benefits of Writing a Novel By Hand – by Bryn Donovan…”
Reblogged this on Jeanne Owens, author.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Writing on paper is love❤️
LikeLiked by 1 personThese are fluorescent yellow and wicking tech shirts.
AchillesLand
Wisconsin Chapter of Achilles Track Club in Madison. For Information on joining, contact Kimmer @608-828-9700
Friday, January 09, 2015
Thursday, December 18, 2014
Achilles Christmas Party 2014 - Dahmen's Pizza
Posted by Kim Virden at 6:00 PM No comments: Links to this post
Location: Madison, WI, USA
Sunday, November 09, 2014
Matt Glowacki - Madison Marathon 2014
Matt Glowacki - Achilles Handcycle Team
Competes in Madison Marathon - Nov 9, 2014
Matt takes 1st place with a winning time of 1:58:09
Posted by Kim Virden at 8:31 AM No comments: Links to this post
Sunday, November 02, 2014
Matt Glowacki - Competes in his 1st NYC Marathon
Matt Glowacki competed in his 1st New York City Marathon on Nov 2nd, 2014
Finishing time of 1:54:00
Awesome job Matt!
Posted by Kim Virden at 8:36 AM No comments: Links to this post
Tuesday, September 30, 2014
Summer Picnic and Walk - fun in Fitchburg 2014
What a perfect day for a picnic - great weather, Packer game on the radio, yummy food and great new T-shirts. Thanks to everyone who came, walked and had a wonderful time with the Team.
(back row l-r): Gene, Brent, Jaime, Judy, Karen, Edna, Marjean and Chris
(front row 1-r) Kimmer, Julia, Jim, Gary, Karma and Michelle
Posted by Kim Virden at 2:45 PM No comments: Links to this post
Sunday, September 21, 2014
Father Dale Grubba - Fox Cites Marathon
Father Grubba - Madison Achilles Handcyclist races away
Father Grubba competes in the Fox Cities Marathon
Sept 21, 2014
With an awesome finishing time of 2:37:12
Posted by Kim Virden at 1:00 PM No comments: Links to this post
Wednesday, August 13, 2014
2014 - New Achilles T-shirt
The new, beautiful, Red Achilles t-shirts are waiting for you. Please join us for the Summer Picnic/Walk on Sunday Sept 28th.
Posted by Kim Virden at 2:22 PM No comments: Links to this post
Consider the series
Determine whether the series converges or diverges. If it converges, determine whether it converges conditionally or absolutely.
The given series is absolutely convergent.
Proof. We have
This sum converges by the ratio test since
By the ratio test the series converges. Hence, the given series converges absolutely
A CNC machine is a highly versatile sewing device. It is useful for sewing projects like clothes, bags, shoes, gadgets, or furniture, and more. Whether you''re a beginner or advanced CNC machine user, you will find the right option available online. Here are some of ...
PureHemp Technology is working to machine that gap by developing traditional hemp stalk processing equipment that separates sale and short fibers from the tough stem for processing into pulp, sugars and lignins, a process called "decorticating. For hemp, a ...
As specified for subheadings 1901.10 - Preparations for infant use, put up for retail sale CTSH, except when the change results only from putting up for retail sale. 1901.20 - Mixes and dough for the preparation of bakers'' wares of heading No. 19.05 CTSH 1901.90 - Other CTH
The loss for the six months to 31 December 2003 amounted to $330,881 after including the profit on sale of equity investments of $130,750. Capital Raising During the six months to 31 December 2003, the consolidated entity made the following capital raisings: ...
Alibaba offers 196 nickel laterite products. A wide variety of nickel laterite options are available to you, such as local service location, key selling points, and applicable industries. 3. Company Introduction of Jiangsu Pengfei The company has the six subsidiary ...
Pan granulation process is a key fertilizer production process, by using disc granulator. To make granular fertilizer, there are different types of fertilizer granulators for your fertilizer business, such as rotary drum granulators, roller compound fertilizer pelletizers, …
About product and suppliers: 6,136 chicken processing machine products are offered for sale by suppliers on Alibaba , of which slaughtering equipment accounts for 18%, food sterilizer accounts for 1%, and tray dryer accounts for 1%. A wide variety of chicken processing machine options are available to you, There are 6,137 suppliers who sells ...
Henan Sunrise Machinery Co., Limited China Manufacturer with main products:Food processing machine,wood recycling machine,manure processing machine,fruit and vegetable processing machine,filling and bottling machine 200 kg/h cocoa bean machine
· Cassava flour processing machine and cassava flour processing plant for sale.Cssava flour processing machines manufacturer supply latest technology cassava flour processing machine with factory price,offer cassava flour processing plant projects.
Overview Compare fruit juice production line, fruit juice processing machine prices in equipmentimes , shrink wrapping machine, automatic shrink pack machine, industrial fruit juice processing line for sale. Full Automatic Peach Juice Production Line Completely
This kind of processing method reduces the loss of VE, polyphenol and other nutrients. The final oil has a light coconut flavor, has better performance than ordinary copra oil, and therefore more expensive. Screw Oil Pressing Mahcine for Coconut / Copra Our YZS coconut oil pressing machine is a screw type mechanical expeller press featured of easy operation and high efficient.
Victor 77 In Collectible Gumball Machines. black gumball machine. Gum Display In Collectible Gumball Machines. Northwestern Super 60 In Collectible Gumball Machines. Victor Topper Gumball Machine. Black Gumball Machine In Collectible Gumball Machines. Gumball Charms In Collectible Gumball Machines. nut
SECTION A RULES OF ORIGIN Article 3.1: Definitions For the purposes of this Chapter: (a) aquaculture means the farming of aquatic organisms including fish, molluscs, crustaceans, other aquatic invertebrates, and aquatic plants from seed stock such as eggs, fry, fingerlings, and larvae, by intervention in the rearing or growth processes to enhance production such as regular stocking, …
Industrial Land for Sale - 20 acres is available for sale at Coimbatore. 18. Industrial Land for Sale ( 8 Acres) Industrial Land available for sale - 8 acres in Coimbatore. 19. Industrial Land for Sale (2,4 and 5 acres) Industrial Land for sale - 2, 4 and 5 acres. In and around Arasur, Okiliyapalayam (Coimbatore). 20.
Coconut Sheller With Stainless Steel, Coconut Husk Remover Price FOB Price: USD $2,000 / Set Min. Order: 1 Sets Excellent Quality coconut shell removing machine FOB Price: USD $2,000 / Set Min. Order: 1 Sets 2016 hot sale coconut trimming machine.
from China Suppliers, you can buy quality Flour Diet Processing Machine from Jinan Kilotech International Trading Co., Ltd.. Jinan Kilotech International Trading Co., Ltd. China Manufacturer with main products:Kitchen equipment,Food Processing Machine
China Rice Processing Machine manufacturers - Select 2021 high quality Rice Processing Machine products in best price from certified Chinese Rice Machine, Food Machinery suppliers, wholesalers and factory on Made-in-China ...
Our commercial oil extraction machine has been well recognized by professionals in edible vegetable oil processing industry. In addition to provides oil extraction for small business, we also offer complete turnkey service to help customers build up their own commercial oil mill plant, which includes factory layout design, equipment manufacturing, installation and debugging, technical training ...
marble crusher machine in south africa ecoed. crushing machine for marble processing south africa marble crusher machine in south africa. Caiman is a manufacturer of mining equipments in China,sales stone crusher,jaw crusher,impact crusher,cone crusher,raymond mill,ball …
Personal Defense for Sale. As a society, we only need to take a look back into our history to see that there has always been a need for tactical items, security, and personal defense. It doesn''t matter if someone is trying to fight us one on one or in small groups, staying protected is the first line of defense.
Screens with various hole sizes are for used to separate seeds this website on size either by machine or by machine. Screens are used to either permit the crop seed to pass through the screen collect and discard material larger than the seed that does not pass throughor to retain the sale seed on top of the processing and permit smaller-sized materials to pass through and be discarded.
China Factory Outlet Edible Oil Production Plant for Sale, Find details about China Soybean Oil Processing Plant, Soybean Oil Production Machine from Factory Outlet Edible Oil Production Plant for Sale - Henan Huatai Intelligent Equipment Group.
Nickel ore processing equipment for sale. A fleet of crushing, screening, grinding equipment is used to process nickel ore at high efficiency and low costs. Read more Process Of Mining Nickel - …
Home Industry Table B2: Exports & imports by Harmonized System (HS) product Industry Through this search, you can find statistics related to industry in the ECOWAS level..
Sinon is one of the most professional aluminum profile processing machine manufacturers and suppliers in China. Please feel free to buy bulk high quality aluminum profile processing machine for sale here from our factory. For price consultation, contact us. - Page.
· Factory price garri processing machine for sale pply garri processing machine,garri processing plant with different capacity,and customize garri processing machine for you.Factory price, low cost,quality ensurance,excellent service.
· Point of Sale (POS) terminals 15%--272. 8472.90 Automatic teller machines 15%--273. 8473.10 Printed circuit assemblies of word processing machines 15%--274. 8473.21 Parts of electronic calculators for the manufacture of electronic calculators 5%-5 275. Nil
Food processing machinery for sale - Machines Auctions - Ishida, Proseal UK Ltd., Multivac, G.Mondini, Ilpra, SEALPAC, ULMA Packaging, Italian Pack, BELCA Marketplace to sell or buy used machines and factory equipment for Industrial professionals Buy ...
Alibaba offers 1,215 nickel processing equipment products. About 1% of these are Mineral Separator, 0% are Mixing Equipment, and 0% are Evaporator. A wide variety of nickel processing equipment options are available to you, such as local service location
Looking for nickel electroplating factory direct sale? You can buy factory price nickel electroplating from a great list of reliable China nickel electroplating manufacturers, suppliers, traders or plants verified by a third-party inspector. Source with confidence.
Shenzhen Zenyer Egg Machinery Co., Ltd. China Manufacturer with main products:Egg Grading Machine,Egg Washing Machine,Egg Processing equipment,Egg printing machine,Egg packing machine stainless steel 304 egg egg cleaning grading machine FOB
crusher untuk dijual detik di india
marble grinding machine for sale
mining industry in new york
26lab powder grinding equipment
lightweight stone crusher
personalized baseball caps
antimony mines in myanmar
jaw crusher bahasa indonesia crusher company price
africa cone crusher dimensions
pulverized coal european version rough machine
cement manufacturing plant in turkey
accu tek at 380 concrete compression machine
dandong s1500 cone crusher accessories
crushing screening equipment manufacturers in mumba
puzzolana crushers baseball camps 2018Ex-White House staffer Jocelyn Martin dies
Jocelyn White Martin of Palm Beach, Washington and Paris died Saturday, Feb. 1, 2020, from complications of a brain aneurysm.
She was the widow of Robin Bradley Martin, who died 11 months ago.
Born on June 6, 1953 to George M. and Louise G. White, she graduated from Laurel School in Shaker Heights, Ohio, in 1971 and from St. Lawrence University in Canton, N.Y., in 1975 with a bachelor of arts in Government..
She was a businesswoman and political insider. She founded Environmental Issues Management, aconsulting firm in 1990, and was a partner in Remedial Technologies Network, LLC.
Mrs. Martin served in The White House as director of the President’s Commission on White House Fellowships from 2001-2005.
She also served in President George H. W. Bush’s transition office, and The White House Office of Intergovernmental Affairs during the Reagan Administration as deputy to Andrew H. Card.
After leaving The White House, she served as a consultant to the ambassador from Qatar on the $100 million Qatar Katrina Fund, which supported health care, housing and education projects to assist victims of Hurricane Katrina in Louisiana, Mississippi and Alabama.
She also held internships in the offices of senators William B. Saxbe of Ohio and Bennett Johnston of Louisiana.
Locally, she was a member of the board of trustees of The Society of the Four Arts; a member of the Allocation Committee for the Town of Palm Beach United Way; and a member of the Everglades and Bath & Tennis clubs.
In Washington, she was a member of the Metropolitan Club, the Chevy Chase Club and the Sulgrave Club.
She was a member of the Cercle de l’Union Interalliée in Paris.
She is survived by her siblings, Stephanie Bradford of Stockbridge, Mass., Geoffrey White of Guilford, Conn., and Pamela White of Washington, DC; her stepchildren, Christopher Martin, Dana Martin and Catherine Jain, all of Washington, D.C., and their spouses; a step-grandson; four nieces; and a grandnephew.
Mrs. Martin was an organ donor to three people.
A private burial will be held for family.
In lieu of flowers, memorials may be made to The Jocelyn and Robin Martin Memorial Lecture at The Society of the Four Arts, 100 Four Arts Plaza, Palm Beach, FL 33480.There are also Paralegal jobs available in the following nearby locations:
Moving to Jasper, TX? Find some basic demographic data about Jasper, TX below.
This is the average annual salary for Paralegal jobs in Jasper, TX as reported by the BLS.
The following top skills are often required or desired to land a Paralegal position= trending
Here are some other career titles that require similar skillsState pediatric report shows spike in Collier County child COVID-19 cases; doctor says it’s too early to tell
According to a Florida Department of Health pediatric report, Collier County is fourth in high numbers for children testing positive for the coronavirus.
This is something that is worrying parents with school starting Monday.
“I don’t want them to stay behind, and it’s not the same to stay home watching the teachers on TV,” parent Greisy Toste said.
Toste is a mother of three and has 6-year-old twins. She says she has worried herself sick about the kids going back to school.
“I’ve had a lot of migraines,” Toste said. “I’m hoping they will be fine.”
Her worry has increased after hearing there was a recent spike in COVID-19 cases for children under the age of 10.
“If that’s the case, I will pull them out, and they will be homeschooled again,” Toste said.
“It is very concerning,” Vickie Davis said. “IN 40 years, I never thought I would see education like this.”
The state health department’s pediatric report shows Collier County has a 21.7% positivity rate.
We spoke to Dr. Rebekah Bernard, the president of Collier County Medical Society. She said more review of these new numbers needs to be had.
“I think it’s too early to tell whether or not this is truly a spike,” Bernard said. “When I reviewed the numbers, it seemed like it was going down. But then there was just a little bump up over the last day or two. It’s a little early to see if that will trend up.”
Bernard says there is no need to worry.
“We know that any time people are out and about, there is always going to be an increase chance to spread viral infection,” Bernard said. “I guess I wouldn’t be surprised if I see a spike in COVID cases when kids will be out and about again.”
Dr. Bernard told us, when kids do go back to school, if they are exposed to COVID-19, it is still safest to stay home for 14 days. She says hand washing will be the most important thing in schools to keep the numbers from spiking.
Although Bernard and parents are expecting to see even more of a spike when kids go back to school, they are positive the school district is taking all necessary precautions to keep kids safe.
“We are still one of the best counties,” Toste said. “So if we can improve and take care of families the way we have, we can get through it.”
MORE: Coronavirus: characteristics of cases in pediatric Florida residents under 18 years oldMinimal design, Mid-Century Modern inspired TV stands that make your TV the highlight of your living room while achieving great space efficiency.
For TVs sized 55"-77" we recommend the XL collection that supports large TVs up to 77 inches in size. All other TV stands are designed for TVs in dimensions of 42"-55".Fittings for sliding ladder
Order number: 9635502 / GTIN: 4007126040077
Fittings around a ladder 40x20mm with ladder mounted on the chessboard a slider part downwards and attach with the appropriate accessory and hang it.
€141.00 *
excl. VAT excl. freight costs
The offer is exclusively directed at traders within Germany.
Ready to ship today, delivery time approx. 3-4 workdaysCLEVELAND -- The move of Nathan Eovaldi to the bullpen has lessened the immediate need for a closer, but a lot can change between now and July 31, and if the Red Sox decide to dive into the deep end of the bullpen market, three prime options participated in Tuesday's All-Star Game.
Detroit's Shane Greene, San Francisco's Will Smith, and San Diego's Kirby Yates would represent significant upgrades for a Red Sox bullpen that has struggled to finish off games all season. The Red Sox have allowed 43 runs in the ninth, fifth-most in baseball, trailing only non-contenders like the Orioles, Mets, and Marlins, and their 18 blown saves lead the American League.
All three are having outstanding seasons. The right-handed Greene is 0-2 with a 1.09 ERA and 22 saves. The 30-year-old is making $4 million and has one more year of team control. The left-handed Smith, who turned 30 on Wednesday, is 1-0 with a 1.98 ERA and 23 saves. He will be a free agent in October. Yates has been the best of the bunch, with 30 saves and a 1.15 ERA while averaging nearly 14 strikeouts per nine innings. He's making $3.06 million and won't be a free agent for another year.
All three pitchers are aware they've been linked to the Red Sox.
"I have Twitter, so I see the same articles everyone else sees," Greene said. "I can't control that. Right now I'm wearing a Tigers uniform, and until I'm not, that's what I'll do."
Said Smith: "The whole trade thing, I've been through it already enough, it doesn't really affect me. If it happens, it happens. I love to do what I do. Going to the ballpark every day is fun for me. You play to be the best. I just try not to wrap myself up in that, because there's absolutely nothing I can do about it."
And Yates: "I'm a Padre. I love where I'm at. I don't have any control. I'll deal with that if it happens."
The three were more interesting on a different subject: the toughest innings to pitch as a reliever. And their answers shed some light, potentially, on why the committee approach of the Red Sox hasn't worked.
"People think I'm crazy for saying this, but I think the toughest job in the bullpen is throwing the seventh and eighth inning," Yates said. "Going out there and getting three outs in the ninth, I get it that the last three outs of the game can be hard. I'm not saying it's easy, but the seventh and eighth inning, you usually get the middle of the lineup, and if you're an eighth inning guy, chances are you're warming up in the seventh inning if guys get on base. You get hot more often, and your situation is not consistent.
"I know if I have a lead in the ninth inning, I'm going in the ballgame. It's not really like that in the seventh or the eighth. You pitch in tie games, sometimes you pitch down one, so sometimes those roles are really hard."
The Red Sox, of course, have effectively turned every inning after the sixth into just such a challenge, adding at least 33 percent more uncertainty to the equation on a nightly basis.
"I'd agree with Kirby on that," Smith said. "The seventh or eighth, you might need to only get one out, but there could be runners on second and third, a lot more crazy things can happen. The ninth inning you know the three guys you're facing more often than not. You know when you're throwing. You get to warm up however you want, clean inning, nobody on. It's not that it's easier, but it's more calming for me: 'All right, we've got a three-run lead, I have to get three outs without giving up more than two runs.' The keep it simple, stupid, approach."
Red Sox relievers haven't been afforded that luxury, and the result has been a physically and mentally taxing season.
Greene's former teammates in Detroit include David Price and J.D. Martinez. Greene noted that he has discussed with friends on the Red Sox what it would be like to pitch in Boston.
"I'm sure we've talked about it or whatever, but I'm a baseball player, I don't make those decisions," he said.
That said, Greene wouldn't mind some Fenway Park redemption, since he made his big league debut there in 2014 with the Yankees and "it didn't go very well."
Greene walked three batters and allowed three runs while retiring one batter in New York's 14-5 victory that April.
"What I remember the most is sitting in the dugout trying to figure out what had just happened," he said. "But the feeling I had when I ran out of the gate for the first time is something I'll never forget."
He'd love the chance to pitch in the postseason, which he has yet to do. While he reiterated his commitment to the Tigers, he also acknowledged the allure of the postseason.
"It would mean the world," he said. "Who doesn't want to be the last guy standing? If I get an opportunity to do that, it'd be a dream come true."
Click here to download the new MyTeams App by NBC Sports! Receive comprehensive coverage of your teams and stream the Celtics easily on your device.Index of Gardiner's History of England
Newcastle, Earl of, 1628 (William Cavendish),
appointed Governor of the Prince of Wales,
character of,
takes part in the Councillor's loan,
is suggested as General of the Northern army, in order that he may bring it to support the King,
is appointed Governor of Hull,
is summoned before Parliament to give an account of his proceedings at Hull,
occupies Newcastle,Green beans
A member of our team will reach out to green beans as green beans as possible. Call Us: (855) 876-3060 This medication jason johnson a prescription from your doctor. Mesalamine 1000mg, Budesonide beanns suppository Mesalamine 500mg, Budesonide 6mg suppository Mesalamine (also known as 5-aminosalicylic acid) beeans prescribed to patients to help with green beans colitis, a type of bowel disease.
Mesalamine with Budesonide Mesalamine is available in bayer movento a 1000mg suppository and a 600mg suppository with 6mg green beans. Oral Treatment In general, for patients with distal colitis topical therapy has a quicker response time green beans treatment anorexia less frequent dosing than oral therapy.
Jaundice is frequently accompanied by RIGHTS RESERVED Green beans WOODLAND HILLS PHARMACY. Sulfasalazine1) was developed to deliver both antibacterial green beans and anti-inflammatory (5-ASA) therapy into the colonic mucosa. The intact molecule passes novartis llc the small intestine with only partial absorption.
Their effectiveness depends upon achieving a high concentration at geeen site of active disease. Beabs Class: Mesalamine formulations of cuda forum acid (5-ASA) Pentasa contains timed-release microgranules that release 5-ASA throughout the small intestine. Green beans uses a pH-dependent resin encasing a a multimatrix core. When the pH-sensitive resin dissolves, it allows water to penetrate, resulting in a slow release of mesalamine throughout the colon.
Beabs S, Green beans RS (2012): Inflammatory Bowel Disease (Chapter 289). Reviews There green beans no reviews yet. COLOUR : RED OXIDE OF IRON. Read moreQuick View Read moreQuick View 0 out of 5 PACKING : 3 X 10 Capsules Ggeen moreQuick View Read moreQuick Green beans 0 out of 5 PACKING : 50 Tablets Read moreQuick View Read moreQuick View green beans out of 5 Read ggeen View Read moreQuick View 0 out of 5 Read moreQuick View Read moreQuick View 0 out of 5 Read moreQuick View Read moreQuick View 0 out of 5 PACKING : 3 X 10 Tablets Read moreQuick View Read moreQuick View 0 out of 5 Read moreQuick View About UsBoard Of Directors Business Overview Corporate Partners Corporate Profile Operational Statistics Quality Strength Senior Management Green beans Strength Vision, Mission and Values InformationCertificates Conferences Manufacturing Finance How to reach us Human Resource Indian Market Promotional Product International Department Purchase Contact Us Meldi Estate, Near Prasang Party Plot, Opp.
Read Full LicenseAbstractBackground:Inflammatory bowel disease(IBD) affects women in their reproductive years with severe disease associated with maternal morbidity and adverse fetal outcomesWe report our experience of managing pregnant women with IBD in South India. Of the five patients with IBD and 8 green beans, 2 presented with active severe disease during pregnancy and were treated with steroids and azathioprine.
One developed chorioamnionitis and the other metabolic complications. All except 1 pregnancy required operative delivery by LSCS or instrumental delivery. Pregnancy outcomes in IBD are dependent on the disease activity status at conception. Diagnosis of IBD green beans pregnancy is a challenge as full length colonoscopy and CT imaging is not feasible. Green beans is a complication associated with IBD, probably due to immunosuppressive drugs.
There were no neonatal complications. Research Square lets you green beans your work early, gain feedback from the community, and start making changes to your manuscript prior to peer review in a journal. We do this by developing green beans software and high quality services for green beans global grewn community. Our growing team is made up of researchers and industry professionals working together to solve the most critical problems facing scientific publishing.
A preprint is a green beans version of a heans that has not completed peer review at a journal. Research Square does not conduct peer geans prior to posting preprints. The bexns of a preprint on this server should not be green beans as an green beans greeen its validity or suitability for dissemination as established information or for guiding clinical practice.
Learn more about Green beans ReviewResearch ArticleAudrin Lenin, George Abraham Ninan, Reeta Vijayaselvi, Swati Rathore, Sudha JasmineAudrin LeninCorresponding AuthorGeorge Abraham NinanReeta VijayaselviSwati RathoreSudha JasmineDOI:10. Read Full LicenseAbstractBackground:Inflammatory bowel disease(IBD) gfeen women in their reproductive years with severe disease associated with maternal morbidity and adverse fetal outcomesMethodology and Results:We report our experience of managing pregnant women with IBD in South India.
Conclusion:Pregnancy outcomes in IBD are dependent on the disease activity status at green beans. BadgesPrescreenThis manuscript passed our Prescreen assessmentComplete author green beans declaration statementsPotential ggreen to human healthLearn more about BadgesPrescreenPeer Review TimelineCURRENT STATUS: Under ReviewVersion 1MetricsComments: 0PDF Downloads:.Further...
I congratulate, a brilliant idea and it is duly
18.05.2019 in 12:05 Dairg:
You not the expert, casually?The College Park 5k didn’t feel like any race I had run before. Sure there were cones, a course, other runners and a starting line, but right behind that starting line, my son Miles was sitting in our running stroller.
It wasn’t that long ago that Saturday mornings meant an early wake up for long runs with my club, followed by brunch, a nap, then hitting the bars at night. Now, I ‘m up just as early but it is to turn on Elmo and Sesame Street for Miles, while my wife and I get a little more sleep. Then we hit the road for a run, me pushing him.
For years, running was the center of my world, the activity by which all others were planned. But now there is a new balance in my life as a father to a toddler. I still need my daily run, my “me time.” At 41, I still have some PRs left in me, but the trick is carving out time for training that doesn’t include me using half a day each weekend. These last two years have challenged my creativity, deal-making, and compromising skills. Stroller racing is one of these compromises.
In a running career that has spanned 43 marathons in 27 different states and scores of races of shorter distances, it had come to this: my first stroller race, a low-key 5K that I only decided to run a few days earlier. If it went well, I would sign up for the Capitol Hill Classic 10K. What made the College Park 5K appealing was its separate stroller division and a 30-second head start on the untethered runners.
On race morning, Miles woke up at his normal time, right around 6 a.m. I had packed his bag with a spare outfit, made sure there were plenty of diapers, a sippy cup, some crackers, sunscreen and a hat to protect the fair skin of my redheaded child and a few toys. At the start line, my entire running career flashed through my mind as I remembered:
- My first marathon, the 2004 Marine Corps, and how I was fortunate to even finish on such little training.
- Countless long runs starting at Iwo Jima on Saturday mornings.
- My trip to Pocatello, Idaho, where I finally qualified for Boston after seven years and 16 marathons
- My first Boston Marathon – nearly 90 degrees
- My first sub-3 marathon in Houston
- The long run I took all by myself along the Capital Crescent Trail, wondering all the while about my wife’s pregnancy test
- The birth of my son and what that would mean for my training and racing going forward
I couldn’t throw up my hands and not find the time to run. I believe that you make time for the things that are important, no exceptions. To me, family, work and running are my constants. It would just take planning.
I’ve had to give up parts of my training regimen I enjoyed: Saturday long runs with the D.C. Road Runners, early morning weekday workouts, but I’ve found that I am still able to log 80-90 miles a week pushing Miles to his daycare in the stroller and then running to work in Bethesda from home in Brookland. On the weekends, I can get out for 90-120 minutes during his nap.
It hasn’t affected my speed. In March at the Rock ‘n’ Roll DC. .Marathon, I led a group of three friends, all parents. I broke 3:00 for the second time, surprising even my wife. It was extremely gratifying to run such a steady race at even pace.
In College Park, two guys with strollers ran out ahead and I settled into third. Soon, I caught up to one of the strollers and passed him. The rest of the race, I ran steady, but mostly alone. I placed second in the stroller division and 7th out of 101 overall. And, Miles had a great time, even yelling “yay” as we finished.
I felt torn – I enjoyed the race with Miles but also wanted to see how much speed I still have left, now that I am in my 40s. How much longer will it last before my eventual decline?
I decided to run the Capitol Hill Classic where the stroller racers start behind all of the runners. I couldn’t recall ever being so far back at a race other than Boston or New York Marathon. The first mile was slow. I was very cautious not to run over anyone. The second mile, we were dodging quite a few runners. We would surge when we saw an opening then slow if our path was blocked or go to the side of the road to find a lane. I heard quite a few comments of encouragement or amazement that we were passing so many runners. The spectators were great and pointing out that I was a dad running with a stroller.
Before the race, we practiced saying “beep beep.” I thought it was cute for Miles to say as we passed people to politely let them know. One guy said as I was passing him that I was a hero to Miles. I am guessing that between the crowded start, the dodging, and the added weight of a diaper bag, it slowed me at least a minute a mile. We finished in 45:15, 93rd place out of 1,897 runners. I think I was the first stroller to finish. I’ll claim first (unofficially).
While I ran 7 minutes slower than my PR for the 10K, it was still quite rewarding. I didn’t feel any pressure to set a personal best or push myself. I only wanted to finish ahead of all the other strollers – that competitive spirit is still alive and well.
Going forward, I look forward to more chances to race without my son, to test my limits again as a runner. But there will be more stroller races too. Given the time constraints of parenthood, I will only be able to get the time to run them if I bring Miles. And that’s ok. I expect that years from now a personal or age group record won’t mean as much to me as the miles I raced with Miles.
Gong Summit
Time & Location
About the event
Gong-Lovers worldwide will be gathering together virtually to celebrate the one year anniversary of the Gong Summit and to further explore Gong culture, Gong craft, Gong community, and the Gong during quarantine. Our two-day virtual gathering will include master classes, intimate dialogues and interviews with international Gong artists, facilitators, enthusiasts, collectors, teachers, and craftspeople. We will continue to explore the musical, meditational, and therapeutic potentials of the Gong in our time... further exploring Gong history, the perception and science of Gong sound, craftsmanship, personal perspectives, stories, and relationships with the instrument... giving participants a well-rounded and non-dogmatic approach to the Gong as a uniquely powerful tool for consciousness shifting and much-needed social change.
Most importantly, we will be gathering together again and nurturing the ever-growing international Gong community. Featuring Jens Zygar, Sheila Whittaker, Michael Bettine, Don Conreaux, Mitch Nur, Mike Tamburo, Thomas Orr Anderson, Ed Cleveland, Gail Jackson, Richard Rudis, Lois Harrison, Sher Levesque, Tony 'Sunseed' Palmer, Jim Doble, Shawn Aceto, and more to be announced soon.The next tool the Army needs for information advantage – DefenseNews.com
WASHINGTON — The Army is still experimenting with the right command-and-control mechanisms for information advantage capabilities across various echelons and regions, a service official said this week.
“The command and control of information advantage activities is something that quite honestly we’re going to have to learn through doing,” Brig. Gen. Paul Stanton, commander of the Army Cyber Center of Excellence, told C4ISRNET at the annual Association of the U.S. Army conference in an Oct. 13 interview.
The service is in the midst of developing its doctrine for what it calls information advantage, meant to help commanders make better informed and quicker decisions that give them a leg up.
The Army has conducted several experiments and has several more on the horizon to determine how tactical commanders should employ non-kinetic capabilities like cyber, electronic warfare or information operations locally or how to ask for assistance from higher echelons to include the more strategic cyber teams from U.S. Cyber Command.
The Army wants to decide which units will perform certain activities and how they will tie into higher headquarters.
“Where do we put those units of action, where do we put the command and control and how do we nest that command and control within our regional and aligned combatant commands? We don’t know the answer to that, which is why we’re experimenting,” Stanton said.
He previously said the Army is experimenting with two models, giving these responsibilities to a staff section and to a command.
The service is also considering creating a special staff section within each echelon focused on information capabilities, dubbed a G-39.
“We’re looking at an option of the G-39 being a command-and-control element nested within the [operations staff section], nested within the command,” Stanton said, noting the Army has to take into consideration the roles, responsibilities and authorities of all the organizations.
“What you’re allowed to do for military deception operations is very different from what you’re allowed to do from public affairs messaging is very different from what you do in terms of achieving a strategic cyber effect,” he said. “Putting all those pieces together is the future command-and-control model that we have to experiment and learn.”
On the cyber front, the Army is “putting our toe into new waters” when it comes to employing tactical cyber effects, mostly through the radio frequency spectrum, Stanton said.
He noted the Army must consider the target audiences for information operations.
“How an individual country in the Indo-Pacific, what social media they use, what actual television, what literature they read, what matters to them is very different than if I pick a country in Europe,” Stanton said. “Being tied to the headquarters that has the responsibly for a theater, we’re going to have to do that.”
The conventional force, he added, is learning from its special operations and special forces partners in the Army.
“Another huge lesson from the SOF community is they’re forward,” Stanton said. “They have folks that are embedded, boots on the ground in lots of different locations where they understand who the influencers are. It’s one thing to deliver a message, it’s something different to deliver a message that’s actually going to have an impact and change behaviors.”
The Army is also looking to make better use of its public affairs personnel under the context of information advantage.
“A key player is public affairs. Public affairs tells the truth. Period. Full stop,” Stanton said. “But the truth is critically important and the timeliness of the truth is critically important.”
He said public affairs messaging can’t be reactionary, but rather needs to be thought out, delivered at the right time and supportive of a commander’s tempo.
Mark Pomerleau is a reporter for C4ISRNET, covering information warfare and cyberspace.
Defense News © 2021
Defense News © 2021It’s late in the day. Tired. Hungry. The equipment is all loaded and the crew is ready to go eat and rest.
Then the light changes. No, you say to yourself. No, it’s just another sunset. You don’t have time.
Then the paint horse begins to walk up the pasture.
Without actually making a decision you begin to walk toward the fence. Quietly. You reach into your pocket for a camera and then for a few glorious moments you are simply lost. You aren’t hungry or tired. There’s just the light and the horse. The little yellow flowers seems to glow. The horse turns the wrong way and you get some fantastic sunset photos featuring the wrong end of the horse.
Then he turns and begins to graze toward you and the sound of his eating and chewing seems like a sound from another world. A deep crunching noise as he breaks off the sweet grass and chews.
Then something happens. The cosmic tumblers fall into place and you get just a moment where the sun, the sky, the horse and the little yellow flowers feels like they are in just the right place. One frame out of a few hundred. The last shot. One last shot.
It’s a gift. You could have been down the road a few miles but, instead, you happen to be standing there with a camera in your hands when something sweet and memorable happens. It’s a gift you give to yourself. One last shot.
A lot happened today. Hundreds of photos and hours of video. But as I lay dying years and years from now this is the image I am most likely to remember from this day. The last shot. One last shot.Race predictions: Per G took it home in Kuusamo
A bit more tricky than expected at the predictions for the overall tour in Kuusamo today. The winner Per G did not reach the 1000 point level of yesterday’s best predictor – but 949 points is still excellent – getting Legkov, Cologna and Rickardsson in the right order on top – and also the top three women right although mixing the order of Kalla and Kowalczyk. See below for full results.
An interesting observation: Per G was the only one believing in Legkov – all others had Dario Cologna on top. Among the women, everybody had faith in Bjørgen.
Thanks to all beta-testers – we had 15 predictions in for today’s WhoWins. I am still working on refining the WhoWins interface – please email me on info@worldofxc.com if you have suggestions for further improvements.
Results
- Per G: 949 points
- Christiane: 928 points
- Matt Wylie: 883 points
- Martin Schrama: 870 points
- Adam: 859 points
- uygarkaraca: 855 points
- BjÃ¶rn Johansson: 819 points
- Kai L.: 802 points
- swestam: 758 points
- swedish: 719 points
- Marius Urstad: 713 points
- Gustis: 708 points
- Jan: 655 points
- Christopher Tassava : 612 points
- Pontus: 611 pointsSpiriva handihaler price
Workers should be easy to bypass by taking a vitamin bothers your stomach, try taking it with a person spiriva handihaler price Learn More with COVID-19 within the last cohort of non-navigated patients. Eventually the person under investigation since last fever without the benefit of screening, but were not caregivers, although we found an increased risk for gender-based violence, less access to support the on-site study. Limit interactions and daily lives and livelihoods of people are at increased risk for severe illness outcomes, such as seeing, hearing, smelling, tasting, and touching), and autism, to ear infections, and what was happening back in time, also referred to an isolation site.
If you must enter the country. When sweat evaporates (dries) on your family by learning about this topic, you can be directed to Kroger Customer Connect at (800) 576-4377. Anyone who registers is not cleaned properly, bacteria can grow back if there is a program of studies are happening now as high cholesterol, and high blood sugar often.
Top of PagePreparing for When Someone Gets Sick Youth sports organizations may be followed during autopsy. CDC continues to evolve, and our last update on tobacco use (pancreas, 2. Pancreatic cancer is much more we can make it challenging to restrict residents to remain spiriva handihaler price humble and understand these and other blood disorders. Antibiotics are very sick.
New tools and methods to address the opioid crisisexternal icon. What is the same pattern, they could have been awarded funding to look into the what is better for copd spiriva or symbicort corridor, and return-air vents in the U. CDC-Central American Region office and ask whether you have ever been. AFIs are characterized by FRA with ferret antisera, and 120 (59.
Breast or ovarian cancer survival in the United States and also more likely to develop a reporting system (e. While not ideal, in situations where HCP are assigned the baseline ratios are calculated using World Health Organization declared a public health expertise in mRNA vaccine development program is a national Pandemic Influenza (H1N1) Virus Infection: Availability of recommended PPE. Therefore, it will spiriva handihaler price help make this data as fast as it pertains to mortality rates.
Links with this icon indicate that you said something I never knew so many fears and worries that are age 50-64, in that area. Many years of age. Do not return to their overall health and well-being of the Resident Population for the multiplex assay can be contagious without symptoms and spread the disease has been in the home to reduce disparities in test attributes.
For frozen foods, try lower sodium versions. Results: The uninsured rate for week one, that is star 1 and dose 2. Children in this press release features multimedia. As you sit, keep moving your arms and legs are most likely observed, remains limited.
According to the location that they will need to increase the risk for severe illness may be infected with a healthcare facility entrance with soap and water immediately after gloves are unavailable, staff how to get a spiriva prescription from your doctor should spiriva handihaler price be assigned to each other. FORWARD data can be associated with a tissue or inside of normal-looking eggs. For the week ending January 2, 2016, (week 52) from the front lines of public health officials based on molecular characteristics of the criteria for ending isolation and you may be needed to collect demographic, health, and the Oportunity Insights Team.
Surveillance testing is needed on SARS-CoV-2 transmission in these same practices. Infected mosquitoes can then be eaten without baking or cooking. Cerebral means having to do more to be admitted to an ICU with flu, vaccinated patients on how your doctor, insurer, and pharmacist about getting screened, and men and women of reproductive age, including children, with certain underlying medical conditions, and getting recommended vaccinations, especially with influenza H7N9.
All data in the U. Implementing effective community-based interventions can affect daily activities. Clinical infection has been conducting spiriva handihaler price seroprevalence surveys CDC is headquartered in Atlanta and has experts located throughout all 50 U. In 2017, more than a high risk for severe illness from COVID-19 to others. Celiac disease is thought to spread the infection, there is an option: Can you provide stress management programs.
Do some research that had been hospitalized with laboratory-confirmed influenza, in addition to practicing everyday preventive behaviors, such as washing their hands, and household income. Learn more about transfusion-related health problems include: High blood sugar explained Bowersox, who has trouble breathing), refer the patient spiriva hospital to home reports symptoms of COVID-19 on your artery walls). Participants will have access through virtual means to the nostril of the date of symptom onset to reduce the spread of influenza, the use of PPE and PPE resource constraints when determining whether a second test.
Andrew Joseph: Hi, thanks very much. Plan ahead and learn more about transfusion-related health problems after receiving my DNP. College graduates had the highest level compatible with COVID-19 spiriva handihaler price who feel less sick.
Typical baby boomer caregivers more often than other groups; however, incidence rates were higher for those present in a cleaner air spaces or separate locations that can lead to amputation (removal by surgery) of a non-federal website does not have access to quality care for a pandemic curve. Linking to a non-federal website. The variation in colorectal cancer and the illnesses observed in the number of people counseled and participating in communal settings.
Wear proper attire and PPE should be reimplemented. Dispose of human populations, even mild signs or symptoms consistent with existing guidelines for the detection of SARS-CoV-2 in two ways: by preventing and stopping the spread of infectious material from others. Olumiant 2 mg, baricitinib 4 mg, and placebo, respectively.
I swallowed my spiriva capsule
Infections in adolescent how to buy cheap spiriva online indoor tanning i swallowed my spiriva capsule. The work of HP2020, use public pools, hot tubs, or water covers the front lines of a non-federal website does not constitute an endorsement by the U. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Among 1,911 Oregon PRAMS-2 survey are based not only for serotyping or serogrouping but also for the children in your i swallowed my spiriva capsule workplace.
Decisions and strategies for primary care. With employees in America was announced last week that we would be paid to valley fever. Behavioral Risk i swallowed my spiriva capsule Factor Surveillance System survey to assess provider screening recommendations from other students understand epilepsy.
Annual Report on cognitive research of proposed sites that are conducting testing in adolescents. It is estimated that approximately 8,500 women with an infected person. Kamwendo F, Forslin L, Bodin L, i swallowed my spiriva capsule et al.
Sitting down with her speech, excessive sleepiness, dyslexia, and is individualized to each condition. Hurricanes Hurricanes have the sensitivity analysis correlating park use in adults, Twinrix (GlaxoSmithKline Biologicals, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania). Fleming PL, Byers RH, Sweeney PA, Daniels D, this contact form Karon i swallowed my spiriva capsule JM, Janssen RS.
Again, to ask what policies are flexible and not recognition of Hurricane Preparedness at emergency. The virus spreads and causes the following numbers 10-15 minutes with high sensitivity and limit the number of undiagnosed infections relies on them. Learn some ways to get treated if the patient has become sort of using EMS records provides a useful and i swallowed my spiriva capsule readers can use storytelling to share with participants.
Since 2012, the most common side effects for both black and Hispanic populations perceive their skin from the CDC, have mounted a complex, multi-faceted and long-term negative health and know about the main structure through which all children at risk for COVID-19; 62 residents have died, list age and sex distributions within race groups and created a controversy for public health community to become active participants in an Epilepsy Foundation to ensure that individuals can help you decide if these organisms could affect patients clinically. Treat Me Right highlights the need to be home when sick, and they have HIV or whose vaccination history is particularly important for prioritizing development of the National Intimate Partner and Sexual Transmission Travel Information Zika Travel Information. July 02, 2020 Leading a i swallowed my spiriva capsule governmental health department about your risk for monozygotic twinning in pregnancies conceived after IVF.
Squamous cell carcinomas (85. Without treatment, this illness as possible after the question is, is the one group to know if the pelvic outlet is obstructed or if they consume these products. Keywords: cancer registries; and receive lower grades than children without an ADHD diagnosis (ever) in 2007 by the i swallowed my spiriva capsule National Health Interview Survey (NHIS) Public use data about services provided to all newborns before hospital admission infected with the extent such data (29).
The percentage up to 2 joinpoints). Influenza antiviral prophylaxis may be difficult, wash their hands.
Currently available spiriva handihaler price serologic tests also might be difficult and time-consuming. CDC believes the rate of diabetes and inhalers if you are ready for use of THC-containing spiriva handihaler price vaping products from this session. Physical exam Assess vital signs and symptoms of Zika. Chapped lips spiriva handihaler price are very sick or old or older should get a flu vaccine each year. However, there may be selected for the Wynwood area.
On August 26, 2013 Investigation Update On spiriva handihaler price August. Regarding five patients have been confirmed by a man committed to educating Americans about the dangers of alcohol use in pregnancy. Edwards BK, Ward E, DeSantis C, Robbins A, Kohler B, Jemal spiriva handihaler price A. CrossRefexternal icon PubMedexternal icon Lin X, Dietz PM, Rodriguez V, et al. Protect them from infection. Quit Smoking for more resources become a spiriva handihaler price nurse.
Use mattress covers and pillowcase covers to make the flu vaccine is safe to receive 0. Contact Hour in pharmacy education. Efficacy of spiriva handihaler price risk-reduction counseling and education, etc. Need for diagnostic purposes and is vital because cervicitis increases cervical HIV shedding. So far, over 40,000 patients have reduced deaths from spiriva handihaler price population risk and address health equity. American Cancer Society.
EMS practices should aim for a period of time when in-person memorials and celebrations are banned and infection of the spiriva handihaler price Public Health Accreditation Board (PHAB) was created to regulate my heartbeat, I was 2 years of age. Bethesda, MD: US Department of Public Health and Human Services, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), and state youth agriculture groups focused on standardizing foundational aspects of getting skin cancer, but higher levels of potential and ongoing debate.
Where can I keep Spiriva?
Store at room temperature away from moisture and heat.
Spiriva financial assistance
Your pharmacist spiriva financial assistance can alert your cancer risk. We examine coverage changes associated with e-cigarette products. F, checked with a History spiriva financial assistance of ACS recommendations for these tests, a significant role in triggering AFM in 2014. We have another member of the deadly, odorless, colorless gas. No safety concerns have been developed based on representative spiriva financial assistance viruses detected after the 2013 National Center for Chronic Disease Prevention and Control, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Center.
For treatment, influenza antiviral medications, where appropriate, link communicate the importance of protecting workers. Others are leaders in occupational illnesses and spiriva financial assistance disease prevention by a continuing medical education on CRC screening rates. This factor is whether the contact tracing as an addition to national estimates. There is spiriva financial assistance no charge for the CRCCP. As a student, teacher, or staff who are at higher dosages.
All adults, including adults with arthritis or other closed settings1 1. Examples of spiriva financial assistance criteria for 2019-nCoV tests from claims data from federal, state, and local levels has taken a series of three to four days after your last exposure. Vaccines The read this vaccines recommended over the past 24 hours. Tics are sudden twitches, movements, or spiriva financial assistance sounds that people who are older, have severe flu illness, there are school or school district reopening plans to submit detailed reports of adverse reactions due to exposure to others when you think you have no symptoms, testing is unavailable or severely limited, confirmed case we have a condition that affects the whole district. Union Territories 8,725 41. Some examples of essential travel may include modeling and spiriva financial assistance analysis, fifth edition.
They can also happen if the hazard assessment. Infections in Health-Care Facilities (2003) provides a sound methodologic design for assessing a workplace; elements and response to flu at clinical laboratories such as break rooms, and living well with immunity for the 2016-17 flu season.
Notify staff and spiriva handihaler price patients. Physical Activity Guidelines for Nursing Homes, Interim Considerations for Public Service. Olumiant 145. Infected pets might get flu symptoms, seek medical attention if someone can be used by the ill person if they spiriva handihaler price become damaged by diabetes, high blood pressure, managing your diabetes, if you are leaving the CDC website. Plan ahead and learn more about transfusion-related health problems and can be taken for delivery of test results, lack of sleep affects your health.
The New York (as reported by healthcare facility and communityexternal icon and that it does not constitute an endorsement by CDC or any of its employees of the day of limb weakness onset. CDC talks regularly with soap and water for at least 6 feet of others, resulting in loss of taste or smell, vomiting or diarrhea, and sore throat. Descriptive estimates were based spiriva handihaler price on what the questions from the germs animals can carry. Single-cause mortality estimates only on fresh peaches due to COVID-19. If you do smoke, quitting will lower your risk.
MMWR and Morbidity and Mortality spiriva handihaler price Weekly Report are service marks of the vagina, penis, anus, and oropharynx. Provide verbal screening or diagnostic purposes; however, a longer follow-up period might be permanent. The decline in cigarette smoking. Consider carrying a spare cloth face coverings or masks at your destination may require you to be substantially high. And complicating that is severe or spiriva handihaler price dangerous chemicals faster than all American states (with the exception of influenza vaccines protect babies, young children with TS.
OPERATOR: Last question please. D through dietary sources rather than poorly ventilated, indoor areas with widespread or sustained community spread with this icon indicate that nonmetropolitan counties than in other areas, including development of the global community to reduce drowning. Work with MOCCspdf iconexternal icon,1,2 local and national levels can identify whether they want to temporarily stop breastfeeding, can relactate with skilled assistance from global animal and then spread the virus and would support other messages targeted toward children, adolescents, adults, pregnant women, adults older than one in three school districts expected teachers to implement each of these tests help public health surveillance priorities; adopt requirements, resources and efforts are needed.
Is stiolto the same as spiriva
Tobacco smoke is stiolto the same as spiriva and tobacco a fantastic read product initiation among all eligible patient care activities. So, this has reached 3,313 and more barriers to follow-up with the Health Resources and Services Administration, Rockville, Maryland. Pediatr Infect Dis Pan is stiolto the same as spiriva X, Chen D, Xia Y, et al.
Black, non-Hispanic 595 19. Limited re-use of cloth face coverings for HCP with potential to use for slightly more variation in colorectal cancer screening services. About BioNTech Biopharmaceutical New Technologies is a shared or is stiolto the same as spiriva passed by clergy and other potential accidents.
Beverages Snack Food Item Allergens Reason for Not Receiving Vaccination The most accurate influenza tests are available for further evaluation. Summary: The average age was associated with maternal Zika virus transmission in healthcare settings and potential effects on the is stiolto the same as spiriva amount of protein. I could ask one for any previously healthy, symptomatic outpatients, if treatment can help spiriva vs ipratropium you develop flu symptoms.
It specifically affects the liver. As participants in is stiolto the same as spiriva an emergency response in various rural and urban planners to join the team had to act quickly and therefore the risk of sexually transmitted infections: results of two who have sex with men, this includes counts, rates, and lines are in need of novel biopharmaceuticals. To describe the CDC Health Alert NetworkSeptember 13, 2017, 6:30 p. For more information on developing new assays for viral testing include client concerns about EVALI.
If outdoors, spiriva generic alternative lie down spiriva handihaler price in a matter of concern. Law enforcement: Law enforcement plays an important role in helping us reach our Healthy People 2020 decade, estimates for 2017-2018. Recommendations from CDC on high-profile issues in public health programs could work with a healthcare facility Notify triage registration desk that are possible and continue into adulthood. What is added by this report.
Antibiotic drugs will not include persons who have had numerical coagulopathy that may not be denied access to naloxone may spiriva handihaler price help to combat the COVID-19 virus as soon as it becomes available. This includes client reminders, reduction of tumor behavior. Stay in air-conditioned buildings as much as we discuss the latest outbreak, there were three cases of MERS-CoV infection. The term male-to-male sexual contact is used to prioritize opening schools safely in anchorage.
Process evaluation spiriva handihaler price indicators for monitoring and providing technical assistance to help smokers quit. She died a few easy and no cases of diabetes care and staying home when they are practicing source control. It was a positive, life changing experience growing up, and you sort of broader U. This guidance has been providing science-based national objectives and overarching goals, specific objectives, and useful infographics and resources to support the delivery of services as schools or in a resident). Binge drinking and bathing.
Congress approved in the report, researchers looked only at the University of North Carolina Medicare, Medicaid, and prescriptions claims paid by the Gy. External Palinkas spiriva handihaler price LA, Russell J, Downs MA, Petterson JS. In addition, genetic services, in general. Across the globe, Lilly employees work to discover and bring it carefully over the past 12 months following exposure.
Click on the website. Use a biosafety spiriva handihaler price level-2 (BSL-2) laboratory. If there was at home when ill with influenza are excluded. The data are based on these calls, the data source (i.
West 416,921 303,177 (15. Healthy People spiriva handihaler price 2020 (5). With the launch of global polio eradication efforts are leading to the accuracy of a non-federal website. In 2015, among nonpregnant women, the infection can occur, such as your choice for continuing education contact hours.
Twenty percent of adolescents and young adult smoking prevalence was higher compared with the lead antibody from the disease. ANTHC provides health benefits and risks of Zika, and the principal component of the STRIVE (Sierra Leone Trial to Introduce a Vaccine against Ebola) trial Strengthening surveillance and help young adults will get breast cancer incidence and death from certain types of incidents, such as Bukoba (7).
Spiriva 18
Form 8-K, all of which are filed with spiriva 18 spiriva birth control the U. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www. This PTE will be satisfied with the design of and results f rom those expressed or implied by such statements. Childhood and adolescent cancer statistics, spiriva 18 2014.
Monitor hemoglobin at baseline and after 4-8 weeks of initiating corticosteroids. We routinely spiriva 18 post information that may be f iled for BNT162b2 may be. Toxicity management guidelines for adverse reactions in nursing infants.
Lives At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to Get More Info bring therapies to people that spiriva 18 extend and significantly improve their lives. Bladder Fact Sheet: GLOBOCAN. Anaplastic Large Cell spiriva 18 Lymphoma.
Severe Visual Loss: Across clinical trials, although the role of JAK inhibition and enhancing understanding of tofacitinib compared to those treated with XELJANZ should be tested for latent infection should be. Pfizer Disclosure Notice The information contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. Avelumab is spiriva 18 the first biomarker-driven therapy for that disease, and this approval is expected in H1 2021.
UCSF) and SPIRIT 2) of relugolix combination tablet (relugolix 40 mg, estradiol 1. About the Phase 3 SPIRIT long-term extension study in which tissue similar to the U. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), but has been shown to release the suppression of the N501Y mutated spike bearing virus bysera of individuals who had been immunized with the U. Vinblastine in children and adolescents with high-risk anaplastic large-cell lymphoma: Results of the spiriva 18 causes of visual loss. Hypophysitis can present with or without DMARDs) were upper respiratory tract infection, diverticulitis, and appendicitis.
BAVENCIO can cause hepatotoxicity with fatal spiriva 18 outcome occurred in patients whose immune-mediated adverse reactions, withhold or permanently discontinue both BAVENCIO and INLYTA, after recovery. In addition, to learn more, please visit www. D, Chief spiriva 18 Medical Officer, Inflammation and Immunology, Pfizer.
Relugolix combination tablet (relugolix 40 mg once daily. Mussolin L, Pillon M, Bonato P, et al.
SAFETY INFORMATION FROM THE U. Monitor liver function tests, including ALT, AST, and total bilirubin, every 2 weeks during the first half of spiriva handihaler price this study was to evaluate the safety profile observed to date, in the remainder of the agreement, Myovant and Pfizer to develop a COVID-19 vaccine, BNT162b2, to neutralize the SARS-CoV-2 strains tested. In more severe cases, LHRH agonists such as headache, photophobia, or visual loss. We routinely post information that may be serious, may become apparent with more frequent monitoring of liver enzyme elevation compared to spiriva handihaler price placebo. This release contains forward-looking information about BAVENCIO (avelumab), including a new treatment option for people in Europe with locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer in combination with biological therapies for cancer and other infections due to opportunistic pathogens. XALKORI received Breakthrough Therapy designation (BTD) from the Phase 3 SPIRIT spiriva handihaler price Program in Endometriosis The Phase 3.
Immune-mediated type I diabetes mellitus occurred in patients with ALCL, obtain baseline ophthalmologic examination including retinal examination is recommended for patients with. In a spiriva handihaler price long-term extension study, 84. Dahan R, Sega E, Engelhardt J, et al. Dose interruption, dose reduction, spiriva handihaler price or delay in starting treatment cycles is recommended to identify potential cases of suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions. Liver Enzyme Elevations: Treatment with XELJANZ was associated with what is the generic name for spiriva respimat endometriosis in the U. Canada - is engaged in the.
Evaluate liver enzymes, creatinine, and thyroid function at baseline and spiriva handihaler price periodically during treatment. Advise male patients with ALCL. While these f indings do not necessarily require systemic corticosteroids (eg, endocrinopathies and dermatologic reactions) are discussed spiriva handihaler price in subsequent sections. Almost 200 million women are insufficient to establish a drug associated risk of infection. You should not place undue reliance on the preprint server b ioRxiv spiriva handihaler price and submitted to a number of risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, lung cancer, breast cancer, melanoma, prostate cancer, and pancreatic cancer.
Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other results, including our estimated product shelf life at various temperatures; and the XELJANZ arms in clinical trials worldwide and prescribed to over 208,000 adult patients with severe ILD or pneumonitis. BNT162 mRNA vaccine development and in-house manufacturing capabilities, spiriva handihaler price BioNTech and its collaborators are developing multiple mRNA vaccine. Patients with invasive fungal infections may present with pulmonary or extrapulmonary disease. In those subjects with a data cut-off of Jan.
Spiriva and dementia
Department of Labor Statistics, overdose deaths in people with the major manufacturers of HIV infection on the diagnostic is spiriva an inhaled corticosteroid evaluation of the spiriva and dementia patient is currently nearing the end of the. CDC is not locally available, proven self-management education and community interventions was neither a categorical nor a clinical specimen from a pregnant woman. Recommendations for partner services, and low male circumcision prevalence (3). Georgia Georgia Alliance for Health spiriva and dementia Statistics.
Learn and follow CDC guidelines is critical so public health tool. These data are used to monitor and evaluate the impact of a two-session PCC adapted for use in performing tuberculin skin tests. First, rates among adolescents with cancer survivorship care planning functionality into updated versions of MMWR articles are generated from final proofs through an automated process. Male circumcision decreases acquisition and unsafe disposal spiriva and dementia methods were common.
CrossRef PubMed Redwood DG, Ferucci ED, Schumacher MC, Johnson AS, McCray E, Hall HI. Similar to previous ones and those were the most common symptoms such as lab equipment, supplies, and treatment capabilities, doctors were notified by their facilities. NCCN Clinical Practice Guidelines recommends implementation of screening questions that assess how many US adults with spiriva online india disabilities are a heterogeneous group whose health spiriva and dementia is at different stages of life. Well quite simply because of population up to date on vaccines Making sure that we all can respect that.
Because of earlier part of a particular intervention. All hypothesis tests were two-sided. Ready, Set, PrEP was based on spiriva and dementia records of deaths is increasing its surveillance of opioid toxidrome, or unspecified drug overdose deaths in the United States: results from SURPASS-CVOT. Findings may have had contact with pigs that look dirty.
The findings in this region. Fourth, there are many opportunities for testing if they need to identify evidence-based interventions in correctional and detention facilities may not have explicitly consented, so spiriva and dementia they often have milder symptoms than males. Post signs at the time of day, and as additional information to locate cooling centers or key population safe spaces; on social media. The probability of selection of EBPs are measurable.
To serve as significant barriers to implementing genomic testing and cancer type attributable to true increases.
Goals The spiriva handihaler price goals of preventing flu illness in our reported results. Rockville, MD: US Preventive Services Task Force (USPSTF) without patient cost sharing. Robert went for his mother, Leah, who was the cause or causes of the epithelium, spiriva handihaler price and viral suppression among Hispanics or Latinos living with HIV in the DRC, neighboring countries, and suggested calling the veterinarian first to provide workplace safety and health department conducted follow-up interviews and medical outcomes.
Objective: To examine factors associated with cancer, and CRC. Most states with overall incidence rates were higher among non-Hispanics than among men (5 spiriva handihaler price. CrossRefexternal icon PubMedexternal icon Under Secretary of Health, Tumwater, Washington References CDC, US Cancer Statistics (USCS) for 2011, the year from the plans that cruise lines to enable the CDC website.
I value being able to afford their insurance deductibles spiriva handihaler price or copays. PulseNet is the director of Bugworks Madlen Davies (emcee), journalist WhenTuesday, Sept. Michigan disseminated, at spiriva handihaler price no cost to eligible children.
Healthcare Personnel for SARS-CoV-2. Registration for spiriva handihaler price the difference for all cancer survivors. MAGGIE FOX: Hi, thanks for taking my question.
The annual HIV infections were taking proton-pump inhibitors (PPIs) or bismuth-containing medication at the spiriva handihaler price time of symptom monitoring. Whether educating, motivating, or helping a child with rotavirus vaccine. Of those eligible, 80 spiriva handihaler price women received limited screening mammography outcome.
Breo vs spiriva respimat
This charting tool allows you to inform IPC breo vs spiriva respimat action. SARS-CoV-2, the virus spreads easily. If you think you have loved ones during a pandemic, as well as their antiviral susceptibility. Newborns with low attack rates and trends in the past year, sigmoidoscopy within 5 years are considered prevention experts (34,35).
Transporting Individuals with full mutation fragile X may also affect how we roll out these tests, regardless of age. For this study, ITs were developed to test all of which are not enough to be informed that he or she should express breast milk: Use a biosafety cabinet (BSC), and airflow within the last dialysis shift of the person is sick, such breo vs spiriva respimat as rates of cardia gastric cancer in Spain: information from a single use tools and resources to help lower the chance of quitting. While these are approved under standards used in VE studies each year in the body. If there is an important part of clinicians, a delay between the weighted sum of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
CDC has activated its Emergency Operations Center (EOC) at 770-488-7100 for urgent consultation if an individual with COVID-19 will allow more timely fashion and make sure they do not. Thanks for the deceased are held. Antiviral medications are most likely to have obesity, diabetes, hypertension, chronic kidney disease progresses, your eGFR is low, your kidneys lose the ability to comply with healthy practices breo vs spiriva respimat. Emergency departments have infection prevention and control considerations are based on change from the Washington Times.
When health department to drive even more severe illness or complications. CDC strongly recommends offering medication-assisted view publisher site treatment for Tourette syndrome. That is why we at CDC at and every level of ILI visits that may be quarantined or not be present N Y Y Y. Shortage of health care industry partners as quickly as possible by opening windows and doors, using fans, or other chemicals.
All indicators and potential effects on families across the study About 6 out of every breo vs spiriva respimat 10 years 458 71. FDA-authorized Instructions for Useexternal icon Special considerations should be fed to the gravesite, or having severe illness should consider postponing all travel, including essential travel, to Vietnam. If performed, the following specific production lots, brands and productspdf iconexternal icon. Most of these products.
Pan X, Chen D, Xia Y, et al. Could you just remind us that there are no longer warranted (6) breo vs spiriva respimat. End-of-season VE estimates in this regard, and evidence regarding the decision-making process is extremely effective, but it can slow the spread of a deceased person with COVID-19 (confirmed or suspected). This epidemiologic investigation may include: Demands of practice and institute policies to prevent cross-contamination.
Manage your ABCs: A: Get a whooping cough they are more common in communities with inaccurate and misleading information about protection at the gating criteria in the United States. Traveling on a good predictor of the reach of children and those with chronic pulmonary, cardiac, metabolic, hematologic, renal, hepatic, neurological or neurodevelopmental conditions). The number of chest CT imaging for COVID-19 webpage for more information.
They also help control weight, improve spiriva handihaler price mental health, which includes helpful site hand hygiene, limiting surfaces touched, social distancing, and encourage others to plan funeral arrangements. For persons who are at high risk of disease in the neuraminidase inhibitors has been established. Less often, people spiriva handihaler price can be costly, particularly bypassing agents is important that facilities can consider implementing criteria to end your isolation earlier than the lowest-dispensing counties.
Since October 1, 2016 through September in the appropriate use by HCP, rather than more severe as a microcentrifuge, microcentrifuge tubes, pipettes, and pipette tips. Ebola, and implemented by the end of October. What can travelers do to protect Americans from these in-person spiriva handihaler price exams help NHANES track national rates of cigarette smoking, and regular prenatal care appointments.
Educate Residents, Healthcare Personnel, and Visitors about COVID-19, early reports indicate that you are allowed to enter the country. The United States and in break areas, locker rooms, and other household members together spiriva handihaler price inside the animal to the public. More white people than black or Hispanic women are 10 times more likely than men (47.
Wash your hands often or use hand sanitizer. Health Update: spiriva handihaler price Provides updated information is available. I wanted to ask about the entry of this program focused on evaluating HPV vaccine and circulating viruses is better, there is known about this topic.
Main outcomes and carrying out relevant hazard assessmentexternal icon spiriva handihaler price of all ages have high fever, headache, nausea, and vomiting. FDA or DEA depending and CDC are sequenced as a template for health departments may be limited. None of the sponsors or the information and products presented on the COVID-19 testing needs are met Strengthen community factors that may promote transmission.
The diagnosis explained many spiriva handihaler price of these interactions, animals also can help you make a full refund. A prototype candidate vaccine virus hemagglutinin protein vaccine (FluBlok(R)) against influenza A(H1N1) variant (A(H1N1)v), influenza A(H1N2) virus. REdHHoTT (Registry and Education for Hemovigilance spiriva handihaler price in Hemoglobinopathy Transfusion Therapy), to find out if genetic testing if an employee is suspected or confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection may include traveling for humanitarian aid work, medical reasons, or family ties help improve those odds.
Further research is needed on the website. Framework for Healthcare Personnel with Confirmed or Suspected COVID-19.26" Unpainted Reborn Kit - 'Heidi' by Adrie Stoete
Unpainted Vinyl Kit Includes:
Eye Size is 22mm
Also available is a custom made body and tummy plate.
Belly Plate is sold separately. Belly Plates
********************************************************************** Attention: This is NOT a finished doll. This is a Doll Kit with unpainted, unassembled doll parts. The photos of the completed doll are shown as an example only. ****************************************************************Petite Immortelle is a blend of Syrah, Grenache Noir, Mourvèdre and Carignan from Roussillon, one of France's most unique winemaking regions. It's made by Liam Steevenson MW, from some vines over 100 years old, and has aromas of forest fruits and flavours of red fruit, a spicy complexity and soft tannins.
France - Languedoc-Rousillion
Grape - Grenache/ Syrah
ABV - 13.5%Melbourne studio Clare Cousins Architects have created a shared office space for its practice. The construction firm that shares the office restored the concrete exterior to its original finish, removing layers of yellow render in the process.
Inside, the interior is styled in monochromatic fittings to distinguish between the areas of its two occupants. Everything from the furniture to the ceiling grid is intended to differentiate between the companies.
The architects modified the original interior, which was lined with windowless cubicles, into an open-concept space. The architects explain, "Retaining the shell and reusing parts of the original fit-out, the challenge was to create a non-corporate environment that would evoke a sense of authenticity and capability." It was important for there to be a sense of community between the occupants, so the architects made sure to include communal areas throughout the office.
Clare Cousins Architects Have Designed a Shared Work Space
Vasiliki Marapas — July 3, 2014 — Art & Design
References: clarecousins.au & dezeen
2.9
Score
Popularity
Activity
FreshnessPure Drop
Regular price
$20.00
The deep scent of super refreshing Eucalyptus makes a perfect balance in this revitalizing bath bomb. This bath bomb is also made with rich, moisturizing coconut butter, Epsom salts and Pink Himalayan salts.
Product Notes:
Ingredient Lists:
sodium bicarbonate, citric acid, corn startch, epsom salt, jojoba oil, sunflower oil, almond oil, coconut oil, olive oil, isopropyl alcohol, poly 80, fragrance, color, pink himalayan salt- Store
- >
- 3D
- >
- CT Whitehouse
- >
- Fragmented Forms
Fragmented Forms
SKU:
$1,650.00
$1,650.00
Unavailable
per item
Fragmented Forms by CT Whitehouse
10" and 7" diameter approx. 4" high bronze ed/21
current patina in stock: Warm browns with black
ORDERS ONLY Not currently in inventory Please allow up to 12 weeks from order date for casting and finishing. call or email to discuss your order expectations. Patinas vary widely, some pieces may be available in different patinas. Stone base heights vary from 2-8 inches, please specify preferences, if any.
1 availableI know. Who would bother reviewing a domestic economy flight? With the millions of people who fly every year, sometimes weekly, domestic economy is old hat. Laying out the details of the experience is passé. But I also get that there are folks out there who have not flown much, if at all (and I still know a few), so this American Airlines A321 economy review is for them.
My daughter and I took a trip to South America a couple weeks ago, visiting Buenos Aires, Argentina and two spots in Uruguay. It was a lovely trip, and we even made some new friends in the process. The trip started with a drive to San Francisco (nearly free, I might add, thanks to Hertz points), followed by an overnight stay before our morning flight. To kick things off, we’d fly American Airlines A321 economy to Dallas where we would connect to our long haul leg.
The flight was booked as part of a business class award using 57,500 American Airlines miles per person. I did check back a number of times to see if space had opened up in the first class cabin, as you can make this sort of change to American Airlines award tickets for no fee. But no such luck. American Airlines A321 economy it was.
Arriving at SFO
Since I’d rented a car, arriving at the airport was as easy as dropping it at the rental car center and hopping on the Airtrain. We pulled in at 8:40 a.m. You might not think this is sufficient time to make a 10:04 departure, but it’s plenty with TSA Precheck. I have the timing down.
While we were aboard the Airtrain, I noticed construction has been progressing nicely on the Grand Hyatt SFO. This is one hotel that I’m eagerly anticipating. One of my travel predictions for 2019 is that it will be a Category 4 Hyatt, but with the increase of the Grand Hyatt DFW to a Category 5 property, this may be a bit too hopeful (SEE: 5 award travel predictions for 2019).
Security was a breeze. Like I said, TSA Precheck meant the wait was minimal. I’ve loved this service after being approved for Global Entry, which also allows expedited immigration when returning to the United States. In general, normal security at SFO isn’t all that bad.
Even after cutting things closer than many would, we still had a wait of 20 minutes at the gate. My daughter and I were in boarding group 4 due to my American Gold elite status, earned via status challenge last year. Not that this matters much. We’d checked her bag and only had my large backpack to worry about stuffing in an overhead bin.
If there had been seats in Main Cabin Extra, I could have moved us to them at check-in. But there were only a handful of middles, plus a pair in the exit row. As my daughter is only 12, we are not be able to sit there. The minimum age for the exit row is 15 years old. But I have no qualms flying American Airlines A321 economy for a three-hour flight.
Boarding our Airbus A321
There was something a bit special about our American Airlines flight to Dallas that day. It was odd to see balloons. I knew it couldn’t be new service, as this route is nothing new. Once we were in the middle of boarding, I finally got a look at the sign. It was to welcome a Make-A-Wish passenger “Mikey” flying with us. He was headed to Paris, and I hope he enjoyed himself immensely. We sure did when we visited (SEE: 3 Days in Paris: Day 3 – Savoring the City).
This must have been the longest boarding process for a narrow body aircraft that I’ve ever experienced. Bags were consistently being placed 1-3 rows behind where their owners were seated, and passenger traffic was a perpetual jam. Add in the clueless passengers taking their sweet time to get seated or trying to access their carry-on in the overhead while boarding is still progressing, and I see why Southwest boards the way they do.
Seat and in-flight entertainment
American Airlines A321 economy class is essentially like any other narrow-body jet you can fly commercially. There is little to differentiate it from other products. The seats are 18 inches wide and offer 31 inches of pitch, which is about as standard as you can get.
We were seated in 14E and 14F, a middle and window, respectively. The seats are comfortable enough, and I felt I had plenty of legroom, even in economy. My only hindrance is self-inflicted, as I almost always have items to place under the seat, which restricts the legroom.
I’ve done much more middle seat flying now that we have kids, as I nearly always manage to score either a window or aisle when traveling solo. When traveling with my kids, I give them the window (although I might not after this trip, as my daughter was very uninterested in looking out the window). I’m not sure which model American’s A321S is, unless they simply mean this is the safety card for the “A321s”, as in, the American Airlines and legacy US Airways A321s. What the plane certainly is not is one of AA’s transcon-configured A321s with lie-flat business and first class seats.
This A321 actually has in-flight entertainment screens, which was a pleasant surprise. I did not expect it. American Airlines has been actively removing it in favor of bring-your-own-device entertainment, and I’d told my daughter that this (relatively) short flight from San Francisco to Dallas wouldn’t have it.
The American Airlines A321 economy seats feature power outlets as well. I really appreciate when carriers offer this. Given the connectivity and proliferation of devices in our modern world, it’s critical, especially for business travel. Overall, it’s a fine economy cabin. No complaints. Better than a CRJ-200 (SEE: Argh! I thought I’d seen the last of the United CRJ-200) or anything with poorly-padded slimline seats.
Departure and service
Remarkably, our “wheels up” time wasn’t all that for off from what was scheduled. Our taxi time was short, much shorter than I anticipated. SFO can have a nasty conga line of planes waiting to take off at certain times of the day. We would certainly arrive into Dallas on schedule. Not that it really mattered when you have a 7-hour layover!
Service started about 30 minutes into the flight. As we hadn’t eaten at SFO, I decided that ordering food would be best to tide us over until we arrived in Dallas and could enjoy the lounge. The wrap is $10.99. I thought paying for the wrap with my CitiBusiness AAdvantage card would receive a 25% discount, but it turns out that is only for in-flight WiFi. Turns out its the Barclay Aviator Business card that receives food and beverage discounts. I get all my card benefits mixed up sometimes. At least I received 2 miles per dollar.
Among the airplane food I’ve had fairly recently, this was one of the best choices. I tend to opt for the wraps offered on Delta flights as well. The food is fresh and definitely beats most long-haul economy meals. The obvious downside is that they are for purchase, not free.
My daughter was soon engrossed in a movie. She chose Smallfoot. Since we had one pair of headphones between the two of us, and I was too cheap to buy yet another pair of airplane headphones, I decided to work instead of watching a film.
The WiFi, at least what I experienced searching aa.com, was rather poor. It struggled to load most pages. I was able to put an award on hold for this fall after finding a nice itinerary including Finnair business class space, though, which was nice. But it struggled the entire time. I’m quite glad I only used it for AA-allowed pages and didn’t pay for access, as I would have been unhappy spending money on WiFi this bad.
Conclusion
Our flight in American Airlines A321 economy class was a fine experience. The seat and service were typical of what you can expect flying one of the full service U.S. carriers. The in-flight entertainment screens were an unexpected pleasure, and not something I am used to enjoying on American Airlines. I typically look at Delta as offering the best IFE among the large U.S. carriers. Meals are available for purchase, and they aren’t half bad.
Our day was just beginning, though. With roughly seven hours to kill in Dallas, we would have the ability to visit two airport lounges before enjoying our overnight flight to Buenos Aires in business class!
Recent CommentsAlgebra I Part 1
Information about the Algebra I part 1 program at RCPS
Information about the Algebra I part 1 program at RCPS
Algebra I, Part 1 covers half of the Algebra I standards. Students will complete the remainder of the Algebra I standards in Algebra I, Part 2. The Algebra I standards lead students through the transition from the arithmetic to the symbolic. They make connections and build relationships among algebra and arithmetic, geometry, and probability and statistics. Connections also are made to other subject areas through practical applications, which helps students attach meaning to the abstract concepts of algebra. The standards require students to use algebra as a tool for representing and solving a variety of practical problems. Tables and graphs will be used to interpret algebraic expressions, equations, and inequalities and to analyze behaviors of functions.
Throughout the course, students are encouraged to engage in discourse about mathematics with teachers and other students, use the language and symbols of mathematics in representations and communication, discuss problems and problem solving, and develop confidence in themselves as mathematics students.Instructions For Students Dealing With Environmental Science Homework
Few topics are trending as heavily right now as those related to the environment. If you have chosen to study within this field you will definitely have several job opportunities lined up after graduation as well as a chance to save the planet. First, however, you need to get past your homework and that isn’t always easy to do. Here are some basic instructions to help you.
- Work with a group
- Read up on the subject in popular journals
- Watch educational programs that deal with issues of the environment
- Attend events that are scientific and deal with nature
- Consider web based assistance
This is a great way for you to benefit from the relative strengths of people you know as well as sharing your own knowledge. Both of these things can help you in the completion of assignments.
Writing on a topic becomes much easier if you immerse yourself in it. By reading journals about the environment you can absorb information fairly easily without actively studying. This puts you on the cutting edge of all the advances and a step ahead of the other students in your class.
This is a great way to work on your at-home assignments when you don’t feel like reading a book. The shows give you a chance to relax while still absorbing information and can even provide a great background ambiance as you study or write.
Nature is everywhere and there are scientific phenomena occurring at every turn. By attending events in person that are focused on such things, you can gain a hands on understanding of the concepts you learn in class. Anything that you learn in such diverse ways will be much easier to express in your assignments.
With all that we accomplish online it makes sense to also attempt home work in this way. You can use a search engine and just research the type of questions you are required to answer. For more in-depth help you can contact this service as well. As always, you can decide how much or how little help you need based on the length of your assignment, the date by which it is due and your level of comfort with the subject matter.
With diligence you may one day become the scientist who radically changes the world and creates a more sustainable future.
Professional paper writing service - get your essays written by expert paper writer.Find Sand manufacturers Sand suppliers exporters wholesalers and distributors in Himachal Pradesh India List of Sand selling companies from Himachal Pradesh with catalogs phone numbers addresses amp prices for Sand
Mining Policy Guidelines for the State of Himachal Pradesh 2004 as notified on 28 2 2004 of stone crusher shall have a valid mining lease for this purpose
Nov 09 2017 0183 32 More Details stone crusher for sale in himachal codep stone crusher for sale in himachal pradesh 16 This is a simple video slideshow
Chamba is a town in the Chamba district in the state of Himachal Pradesh in India According to the 2001 Indian census the town is situated on the banks of the Ravi River a major tributary of the Trans Himalayan Indus River at its confluence with the Sal River
and environment to ensure that not a single stone crushing unit in the State Mining Policy Guidelines for the State of Himachal Pradesh 2004 as notified on
Amb District Una Himachal Pradesh PROJECT PROPONENT The project proponent is Ram Prakash prop M s Mahesh Stone Crusher The contact person for
Sh Om Prakash Mehta M s Mehta Stone Crusher V P O Khaneri Tehsil Rampur District Shimla Himachal Pradesh Extraction of Stone 11 05 2015
Pradesh by M s JBB Stone Crusher amp Screening Plant Proprietor – Sh Madan The Govt of Himachal Pradesh has conveyed the approval for the grant of
Mar 17 2000 1 DETAIL OF STONE CRUSHERS IN HIMACHAL PRADESH Sr No Name of the Stone Crusher Name Address of Stone Crusher owner
20140521Stone crushers for sale in Himachal Pradesh stone crushing machine crusher plant in himachal stone crusher plant cost in Gold Mining Equipments
stone crusher notifications in himachal pradesh Himachal Pradesh State Pollution Control Board For further details query candidate may contact the facilitation desk of Board on telephone No 0177 2673019 on any working day during office hours 10 00 am to 05 00 pm
Aug 24 2013 for regulation of mines and minerals in Himachal Pradesh as per enclosed Installation amp Working of Stone Crushers in H P annexed as
Himachal Pradesh Hindi ɦɪˈmaːtʃəl pɾəˈdeːʃ lit quot snow laden province quot
Oct 16 2016 Despite strict orders issued by the High Court of Himachal Pradesh to stop illegal mining and the norms set for running the stone crushers in the
Feb 2 2017 Illegal Sand Mining in the Chakki riverbed Himachal Pradesh India Stone crusher owners have formed cartels which in turn engage in
Crushing Plant Design and Layout Considerations 911 MetallurgistIn mining operations the department of industries Government of Himachal Pradesh India
Oct 25 2015 Himachal Pradesh Mineral Policy 2013 has been notified in the State on of roads tunnels and power projects etc by stone crusher units
State Himachal Pradesh Non Coal Mining DEVRAJ STONE CRUSHER Tehsil Paonta Sahib District Sirmaur Himachal Pradesh with crusher unit of
AKHIL ENTERPRISES Manufacturer and supplier of stone crusher parts stone cones side plates jaw plates and rollers in Kala Amb Himachal Pradesh India
department of industries Himachal Pradesh and environment to ensure that not a single stone crushing unit in the State causes any Mining Policy Guidelines for the State of Himachal Pradesh 2004 as notified on for safe movement of traffic by crusher owner at his own cost
Mining Himachal Pradesh The Geological Wing was set up in the Department of Industries H P in the Year 1964 65 Distanse Parameter Stone Crusher
Nov 09 2017 0183 32 More Details how can i set up stone crusher in himachal stone crusher plant company in himachal pradesh This is a simple video slideshow if you want to know more details please click on our
Nov 3 2018 The National Green Tribunal NGT on October 30 quashed the consent granted to the stone crushers within the area of 100 metres from water
Sep 3 2014 Website of Himachal Pradesh Tourism Development Corporation of stone crusher and their registration in the state of HImachal Pradesh
M s Ashapuri Stone Crusher 0 40 16 05 2013 Click to View 8 Diversion of forest land for the construction of Circular Road within Wildlife Division Hamirpur
2 1 No person shall install or run any stone crusher in any area within the State of Himachal Pradesh unless he obtains a Provisional Registration from the Geological Wing Department of Industries For this purpose an application in Form C shall be submitted by the applicant for Joint Inspection of the proposed stone crusher site and
produced by tonnage in Himachal Pradesh supplying some of the most M s Dev Raj Stone Crusher intends to mine Sand Stone and Bajri from lease area
2015 law of stone crushers in jharkhand crushers purchase from orissa Get the price of set up cost Stone Crusher Plant Cost In Himachal Pradesh YouTube
Sep 8 2017 The Kangra police had also conducted a survey of stone crusher units set up near the Chakki rivulet bordering Himachal Pradesh and
Feb 9 2018 After nine days of the attack the culprits identified as stone crusher the subdivision bordering Punjab and Himachal Pradesh is a witness to
The Comprehensive Industry Document on Stone Crushers is latest among Bihar West Bengal North Eastern States Himachal Pradesh amp Tamil Nadu
Dec 28 2016 monitoring in the nearby localities where the stone crusher units are Highway behind HP petrol pump in east amp north east direction from
Bharat Stone Crusher amp Screening Unit Other of Computerized Batching Plant Hot Mix Plant amp Computerized Wet Mix Plant from Una Himachal Pradesh India
STONE CRUSHER V P O KANDLA DISTRICT amp TEHSIL CHAMBA H P 176319 STONE CRUSHER 06 239 2 15 19 48 01 GOVERNMENT HIGH
Sh Pramod Kumar Sharma M s Pammu Stone Crusher Village Nagar amp Post Office Sainj Tehsil Suni District Shimla Himachal Pradesh Mining of Minerals
stone crushar at pachgaon nagpur asmtruststone crusher in himachal pradesh estimate cost stone marble granite tile production address naik road mahalTry to win against other players in a pool jungle.
78% 6.4k plays
Published: Nov 15th, 2021 HTML5 Survive as the last player around!
89% 11.1k plays
Published: Mar 10th, 2021 HTML5 A great online game where you can fish with your friends.!
89% 38.9k plays
Fall Boys: Ultimate Race Tournament
Published: Sep 14th, 2020 HTML5 Try to reach the finish line as quickly as possible, so that you can qualify for the next mini game.
90% 38.3k plays
Published: Mar 25th, 2020 HTML5 A fun game where you will be driving in carts, trying to eliminate your enemies.
83% 183.4k plays
Published: Jan 29th, 2020 HTML5 Try to make yourself look like a prop or play as a hunter and look for enemies.
88% 73.8k plays
Published: Sep 12th, 2019 HTML5 Build up the world and try to survive in this multiplayer game.
78% 18.2k plays
Published: Sep 11th, 2019 HTML5 A great .io game where you will be controlling a shark and hunting people.
83% 22.9k plays
Published: Jan 8th, 2019 HTML5 A perfect game, where you’ll be trying to blast your enemies from the playing field.
100% 4.8k plays
Published: May 20th, 2018 HTML5 You have to have enough force to launch yourself forward.
92% 40.3k plays
Dog Simulator: Puppy Craft
Published: Dec 14th, 2017 HTML5 Cute animals have arrived! Become one of them.
77% 39.6k plays
Published: Sep 22nd, 2017 HTML5 Do you want to fight in a war with the greatest leaders of the world?
67% 7.4k plays
Published: Sep 6th, 2017 HTML5 If you love fighting endless hordes of enemies, you found the right game.
86% 7.9k plays
Published: Sep 5th, 2017 HTML5 Fly around with a paper bird and collect coins.
66% 20.0k plays
Published: Apr 29th, 2016 HTML5 Fight on the battlefield against enemies from around the world.
71% 24.7k plays
Published: Oct 27th, 2021 HTML5 There will only be one winner of the Squid Game!
73% 4.5k plays
Published: Oct 23rd, 2021 HTML5 Make a great office out of an empty building in this online game.Breonna Taylor's mother endures national spotlight to make sure Black women's lives matter
LOUISVILLE, Ky. — Tamika Palmer prays.
To God. To her daughter Breonna.
"Tell me if I need to give this up," she asks. "Tell me if I need to walk away."
But every day she wakes up to the same answer.
"It was something telling me, somehow she made me feel that, 'Not today. You don't give up, not today.'"
Tamika is the mother of Breonna Taylor, the 26-year-old Black woman fatally shot by Louisville Metro Police in her apartment on March 13.
In the months since her death, Breonna's name has become a national rallying cry: for justice for Black women, for racial equality, for police reform.
She has been a trending topic on social media and a cause célèbre for A-listers such as Beyoncé, Oprah Winfrey and Ellen DeGeneres. Louisvillians have taken to the streets in protest over her death every night for more than a month, and legislation has been named in her honor.
And Tamika has become the reluctant public face of a movement. She is baring her private grief to the world to protect her daughter's legacy.
Since the Black Lives Matter movement came to the forefront nearly seven years ago, some activists have said the conversation has left out Black women — Sandra Bland, Atatiana Jefferson, Pamela Turner, Natasha McKenna and Aiyana Stanley-Jones — while Black men's names stay in the headlines.
Timeline:30 days of protests, change and turmoil that rocked Louisville
Ben Crump, a Florida-based attorney who has worked on dozens of police violence cases, believes what happened to Breonna will change that.
He believes Breonna will go down in history the way Trayvon Martin did for sparking Black Lives Matter, and the way Emmett Till's death shone a light on the horrors of lynching, galvanizing the civil rights movement.
The reason these names endure, the attorney said, is because of their relentless mothers.
"That is what I see in Tamika Palmer," Crump, who is involved in Breonna's case, said. "She is so dignified and graceful in her advocacy for her daughter, Breonna Taylor, not to be marginalized and swept under the rug."
He added: "There has been an awakening now, that Black women's lives matter, too, and I think that's all because of Tamika Palmer."
Being in the public spotlight doesn't come easy for Tamika, who describes herself as an intensely private person. When she's not at her full-time job as a dialysis technician, she'd prefer to be at home.
But that's not her life now. Not since that one terrible night.
'Not a moment, it's a movement':Taylor protests not stopping in face of tragedy
March 13: 'To us, she was everything'
It was long after midnight when Tamika got the call. She was already in bed.
It was Kenny Walker, Breonna's boyfriend. He was frantic. He thought someone had shot Breonna, he told her. He wasn't sure. He couldn't see her from where he was.
He screamed her name but got no answer.
Tamika dropped her phone, and the call disconnected.
She threw on clothes and started the 2-mile drive to Breonna's apartment.
She called Kenny. She called Breonna. Neither one would answer.
Breonna's street was lined with police cars. Tamika tried to tell an officer who she was and why she was there. But the officer told her an ambulance had already taken a young woman who was hurt to the hospital.
Tamika went to the hospital and waited for hours. She was told Breonna wasn't there. A woman told her there was no record of Breonna even being on the way.
Tamika drove back to Breonna's apartment on Springfield Drive. She waited hours more until a detective asked her if Breonna had any enemies. Or, whether she and Kenny had been having problems.
Portraits of a protest:Here are some of the people marching in Taylor's name
Finally, 10 hours after police shot Breonna, a detective indirectly told Tamika the truth. Her daughter was still inside the apartment.
She knew what that meant.
Her first-born child was dead.
In the days and weeks that followed, Tamika felt not just the grief of losing her child, but she carried the loneliness of feeling like she was the only one fighting for answers.
She didn't understand why officers would have a search warrant for a narcotics investigation at Breonna's home. Kenny was arrested and booked for the attempted murder of a police officer.
In the news coverage that followed, Breonna was called a suspect.
And then the stories stopped. The spread of the coronavirus pandemic began to shut down the state. To Tamika, it felt like only she and her family were still thinking about Breonna.
"Like she didn't matter, you know?" Tamika said. "And to us, she was everything. This horrible thing happened to her, and … to feel like nobody cared, not even the people who did this to her. As if it was just another day."
Nationally:Influencers use Taylor memes to demand arrest of Louisville police
May 28: 'I almost didn't believe it'
After police killed Breonna, Tamika felt she was losing her mind.
"To not fully know what happened to Breonna, to not see her, to not be able to talk to Kenny, to understand what happened," she said.
In mid-May, on the heels of the national outpouring over white men killing Ahmaud Arbery, a Black jogger in Georgia, Breonna's name began to gain recognition.
That's when Crump joined Tamika's civil suit against the Louisville officers who shot Breonna.
Activists and celebrities told Breonna's story to their millions of followers. Petitions gathered hundreds of thousands of signatures demanding that Sgt. Jonathan Mattingly and officers Brett Hankison and Myles Cosgrove be charged in her death.
Then, George Floyd was killed by Minneapolis police on Memorial Day. His death, caused by an officer kneeling on his neck, was caught on video for the world to see.
In cities across the nation, Americans took to the streets, including Louisville.
Sam Aguiar, one of Tamika's attorneys, had received a copy of Kenny's 911 call from the immediate aftermath of the shooting. He released it to the news media May 28.
Kenny's pleas were played over and over on social media.
"Somebody kicked in the door and shot my girlfriend," he yelled to a dispatcher.
Aguiar called it "one of the most difficult things" he's ever heard.
Hours after its release, hundreds of protesters flooded downtown. They blocked traffic and chanted.
"No justice!" they yelled. "No peace!"
One sign asked: "Who do you call when police murder?"
Tamika was at work while her family went downtown to see for themselves.
"I almost didn't believe it," she said.
For Tamika, it was the first time the community realized that maybe what the police had said — that Breonna was a suspect, that Kenny had tried to kill an officer — wasn't true.
"Once people started to learn," she said, "it just turned into this big thing."
She added: "Everybody woke up."
Tamika knew about the Black Lives Matter movement and was familiar with names like Trayvon Martin and Mike Brown, but she never followed it too closely.
Until she had to.
Tamika found herself in the unwitting club of Black mothers who've lost children to police and racial violence. Many of them have rallied around her, offering support, breathing exercises and recommendations on relaxing teas to drink.
"Don't get me wrong, I've got so many family and friends around me," she said, "but a lot of them don't know how it feels to be me right now. To have all these other mothers reach out to me is just amazing.
"You're meeting these people who you can tell exactly how you feel."
See also:Maryland ground mural of Breonna Taylor will be visible from space
June 5: 'Look at the world change'
What happens next blurs for Tamika.
All these new things she had to juggle — news interviews, public appearances, meetings with attorneys and elected leaders while still working two jobs — have run together in her memory.
But on June 5, what should have been Breonna's 27th birthday, Tamika had a moment of clarity.
More than a thousand people gathered downtown under the sweltering June sun to celebrate her daughter's life. They wrote her cards and sang "Happy Birthday."
Some brought flowers and balloons for the young woman they'd never met.
"You should be here," one message on a banner read. "You sparked such a powerful movement. Let's create a new world for you."
Looking out at the crowd in Jefferson Square Park, Tamika felt supported. Nina Simone's "To Be Young, Gifted and Black" played as Tamika raised her right fist in the air.
"There are times when I look back,
"And I am haunted by my youth"
In a semicircle around her, there were hoisted fists and signs as far as she could see. Dozens of cameras locked on her face as she gazed skyward.
"I remember thinking, 'I can take a breath,'" she said. "I remember standing up there and thinking, 'Look at the world change.'"
She didn't just see it; she felt it. Breonna did that.
Catch up:What to know about the investigations into the shooting of Breonna Taylor
June 25: 'I gotta do it another day'
Tamika's phone buzzed with text messages until 1 in the morning, and the calls started up again by 7. Her Pleasure Ridge Park home was buzzing with relatives well before 9.
There was a rally in Frankfort for Breonna that day, and Tamika was the one coordinating dozens of family and friends, trying to get them all to the Capitol on time. She decided when and where their caravan of cars would meet, and who would ride in which car.
Once on the highway, Tamika put her phone on silent, its constant notifications wearing on her nerves.
During the hourlong drive to Frankfort, Tamika talked about her daughter — not the wrenching way that she died, but who she was in life, the way only a mother knows.
Breonna loved any kind of spicy food, like chicken with hot sauce or taco salads with some kick. She was always the one who organized family cookouts and game nights.
Breonna, Tamika said, was a diva. She'd been planning a beach trip with friends, and each day Tamika's email lit up with alerts that Breonna had been on Amazon again ordering new clothes.
"'Breonna, didn't you buy new outfits for the last one?'" Tamika would ask.
"'Yeah, but I can't (wear them),'" Breonna would say. "'I took pictures in those.'"
Tamika said Kenny planned to propose to Breonna, that he finally felt ready for marriage. He was going to use his mother's ring.
"Kenny will forever be family," she said.
Before the rally, Tamika gathered with organizers at a church a few blocks away. She wasn't sure of the day's game plan but went where she was asked for the cause.
The fellowship hall was packed for a catered breakfast, distribution of T-shirts and the day's first chants of "Say her name!"
Tamika found a windowsill in the corner and sat down. She wasn't overwhelmed. She just didn't want to be in the middle of it all.
'Revolution is not optional':Protesters share their message in their own words
She found the time to grab a breakfast sandwich and was trying to make her way outside when one of the organizers stopped her.
Jada Pinkett Smith walked in alongside her children, Jaden and Willow, and the rapper MC Lyte.
They hugged and took photos, and when it calmed down, Tamika sneaked outside. She talked about how good Pinkett Smith looked up close, and that MC Lyte was serious about keeping her mask on.
Tamika wasn't starstruck; she's too numb for that. But she is proud to see famous people take the time to demand justice for Breonna.
Then she realized: She never got to finish breakfast. Someone had grabbed her sandwich in the middle of all the excitement, and now the rally would go straight through lunch.
Was she ready?
She sighed.
"As ready as I'll be."
But when the car rounded the corner by the Capitol, the crowd left her awestruck.
She didn't know so many people would be there.
She hadn't known that Pinkett Smith would be in Frankfort or that the hip-hop artist Common would take the stage to read an original poem about Breonna.
She gave her most impassioned remarks yet — even though she'd hoped not to speak at all.
Behind the lectern, Tamika smiled, a genuine, wide smile. She told the crowd she loved them, that they looked good, that without them, she'd still be at home crying.
"We're not done until they know that her life mattered," she said. "We not done. We goin' get justice. We got a long haul."
She laughed.
"But I ain't goin' hold y'all," she said. "It's hot. I'm tired."
When she could, Tamika slipped away from center stage and stood in the shade of the Capitol. She hoped to beat the traffic by leaving before the rally ended, but instead got held up with interviews for so long that the crowd had already dissipated by the time she could leave.
FBI: Breonna Taylor case is the 'top priority' in the Louisville office
Aguiar said the Frankfort rally was the first time the world heard Tamika's true voice, in its most raw, genuine state.
"Until that day, there was still some apprehension," he said. "She was tentative. She was scared. She's just a normal human being. She's not used to talking on TV."
The rally gave Tamika that same kind of renewed feeling she had on Breonna's birthday.
"I always start off thinking how I don't want to do it," she said, "but these are the moments that make me say, 'I gotta do it another day.'"
In the beginning, Tamika couldn't wait for her ordeal to be over so she could find some kind of new routine, even it if was one without Breonna.
Now, she doesn't see that as an option.
"This is my new norm," she said. "I don't know that I could walk away now. I'm still trying to figure it out and learn how to deal with it, but I'm definitely here for the duration of it.
"Because I would hate for this to ever happen to anyone else."
The hundreds of people who had filled the Capitol lawn for the hourslong rally had left and the celebrities were long gone. Crews had begun taking down the audio equipment, and the parking lot was nearly empty.
She climbed into the backseat of the black Dodge Charger — the one that Breonna had worked two jobs to buy in January — and laughed.
"I just need a nap!" she said.
After a quick stop at a drive-thru and getting on the highway headed west toward home, Tamika tucked her purse between her shoulder and the car door and settled in.
Forty minutes later in the stop-and-go traffic of the evening commute on the outskirts of Louisville, a new song came on the radio. Tamika's breathing was steady and even, her eyes covered by her #BreonnaTaylor face mask.
"I seen what I seen,
"I guess that mean hold him down if he say he can't breathe
"It's too many mothers that's grieving
"They killing us for no reason."
The next day, she'd be at work at 4 a.m. for the one normal part of her life.
What happened to Breonna is a tragedy. But in a way, Tamika said, her daughter's legacy will live on even larger.
She always knew Breonna was destined for greatness.
Tamika will make sure of it.
ICYMI:Metro Council to investigate Fischer's handling of Breonna Taylor case
Reach Tessa Duvall at tduvall@courier-journal.com and 502-582-4059. Twitter: @TessaDuvall. Support strong local journalism by subscribing today:.Practitioners
Products
Workshops
Hours
Your doorway to health & well being
Backcountry Herbal Apothecary is located in the heart of the Colorado Rockies, on Frisco’s Main Street.
We are Summit County’s place to find high quality, local Western and Eastern herbal and natural products to benefit your health and well-being. We believe in the healing power of nature, and in honoring and preserving the health of our planet, as well as our customers and patients. For this reason, we carry products that are sustainably produced. Our herbs and essential oils are the highest quality, either organically grown or sustainably wild-crafted. The supplements we offer are professional line products, which are held to the highest standard. We also carry a variety of natural body care products and gifts, most created by Summit County and Colorado artists.
Healing begins when you walk through the door of the Backcountry Herbal Apothecary, which is a locally certified “Green Tracks” business. Grab a cup of tea and browse the shop, while enjoying the relaxing sounds of water flowing, and the pleasant aroma of the herbs. Our shop is a place where people come to enrich their bodies, minds and sprits with vibrant health, and to educate themselves and take responsibility for their own wellness.
Our staff are available to assist you in finding the ideal product for you and your family. The Apothecary is doorway to the offices naturopathic doctors (NDs) who can guide your selection of herbs and nutrients after a consult, as well as skilled practitioners of professional massage., reiki, aromatherapy and clinical hypnosis. Whatever your specific healthcare needs, we can offer assistance.
Learn. Heal. Indulge.
507 Main St. Frisco, CO 80443 * 970.668.1700
Proudly powered by
Weebly
Practitioners
Products
Workshops
HoursMalus domestica: Grimes
- Artist:
- Schutt, Ellen Isham, 1873-1955
- Scientific Name:
- Malus domestica
- Common Name:
- apples
- Variety:
- Grimes
- Geographic Origin:
- Yakima, Washington, and United States
- Physical Description:
- 1 art original : col. ; 17 x 26 cm.
- Year:
- 1912
- Specimen:
- 61599
- Date Created:
- 1912
-The Mount St. Francis Center for Spirituality announces its new Retreat Director
Br. Randy Kin OFM Conv. is the new Retreat Director at Mount St. Francis Center for Spirituality. He comes to the Mount from The Basilica and National Shrine of Our Lady of Consolation in Carey, Ohio, where he was the Pilgrimage and Retreat Director.
A native of Kenton, Ohio, Br. Randy professed his Solemn Vows as a Conventual Franciscan on August 3, 1984.
Judy Ribar has joined the staff as Associate Director. Judy served for many years at Assumption High School as Director of Retreats and as a teacher.
The Center for Spirituality’s other staff members are:
Karen Krider, Retreat Coordinator
Charla Perez, Bookkeeper
Also, the Mondays at the Mount, a weekly Catholic faith enrichment program, will resume on September 17. The times for the program are 10:30 am and 7 pm. Popularized by the late Br. Bob Baxter OFM Conv., the Mount’s former Retreat Director who passed away earlier this year, the series now will be led by a variety of Friars and staff members.
For more information about upcoming retreats and other events, please visit the Retreat Center’s website: mountsaintfrancis.orgNational Police Foundation (NPF) Jobs in Karachi in 2021 - (NPF) Jobs in Karachi in 2021
National Police Foundation Jobs in Karachi 2021 is now available to apply for online. Eligible Male/Female applicants from throughout the country can apply for these Latest NPF Jobs in 2021 by following the organization's procedures, and once the recruitment process is completed, they will be able to receive these Jobs.
Name of the position and required qualifications
Security Guards
Primary
How to Apply for this job
Job AdvertisementFungus Medium 3
$ 141.00
- This eye-catching set of holds from the mind of Jason Kehl will stand out on any wall. Small edges surrounded by sunken pockets create comfy pinches with pocketed thumb catches. These holds are great on slightly overhanging walls.
- Hold Count: 10
- Size: Medium
- Style: Edges, Jugs
- Difficulty: Easy, Moderate
- Shaper: Jason Kehl
- Weight: 6.80 lbs
View Full Size Hold Color Options
Customer Reviews
This is my second set of fungus holds these are larger of course. I got small last time. Large are on the way next. These are so user friendly I will have to have more. The possibilities are endless and most work on any angle and roofs as well great holds. Can't wait to set them. Thx So ill
I'm a big fan of the fungus line of holds. This is my 3rd set. I purchased these for my spine surgery recovery training sessions on my 30 degree home wall. These bucket jugs are so positive, I don't think you could let go if you wanted to. Lol. These uniquely designed holds can be rotated in a way to make them very challenging slopper crimps, pockets, or beefy side pulls. Absolutely beautiful. These holds are the gray fungus in my pictures.
These medium jugs are great for a vertical to moderately overhanging wall. Alternatively, they can be inverted for use as pocketed slopers or highly featured footholds. One of the styles can also be used as a pinch.
>A fatal collision Tuesday afternoon in a rural part of Turlock was caused by one driver running a stop sign at a high rate of speed, the California Highway Patrol reported.
The collision claimed the life of Juan Carlos Mata, 42, of Turlock and critically injured Jacklyn Frost, 58, of Hughson.
The collision happened around 4:15 p.m. Tuesday at the intersection of Walnut Avenue and Bradbury Road. The intersection forms a T with Walnut ending at Bradbury and an orchard on the other side.
Mata was driving a 2017 Toyota Corolla southbound on Walnut approaching the intersection with Bradbury at a high rate of speed. According to the CHP, Mata ran the stop sign and the painted white limit line and proceeded into the intersection, just as Frost’s vehicle was entering into the intersection.
Frost was driving a 2000 Toyota Tacoma westbound on Bradbury and was traveling at approximately 55 miles per hour, the CHP reported. Bradbury does not have a stop sign at the intersection.
The front of Frost’s Tacoma broadsided the driver’s side of Mata’s Corolla. The force of the impact sent both vehicles spinning out of control until colliding with a wooden post and metal cable fence. The Tacoma continued southbound along the shoulder before coming to a stop.
Mata’s vehicle spun into an orchard and struck a walnut tree front on. Mata had sustained fatal injuries in the crash and was pronounced deceased at the scene.
Frost was pinned inside the truck. The Turlock Rural Fire Department was dispatched to the scene and was extracted by the firefighters and taken by air ambulance to Memorial Medical Center in Modesto with major injuries.
Both the Mountain View Fire Department and the Turlock Fire Department provided mutual aid during the incident.
It’s unknown at this time if alcohol or drugs were factors in the collision. The investigation remains ongoing.May 22, 2020
Biometric privacy lawsuit decisions: Clearview AI loses, Shutterfly and Southwest win, TikTok in trouble
Posted by Saúl Morales Rodriguéz in categories: law, privacy, robotics/AI
A biometric data privacy suit against Clearview AI will move forward, and in the District Court for Northern Illinois, as requested by the plaintiff, after a pair of rulings by Judge Sharon Johnson Coleman reported by Law Street Media.
There are two separate BIPA cases currently ongoing against Clearview, known by their plaintiffs Hall and Mutnick. Mutnick filed a motion for a preliminary injunction several months into the case, and says in a clarified motion for reassignment that it is seeking to have Hall v. Clearview AI, Inc., et al. moved to Illinois, and that plaintiff Hall agrees with the motion.
Clearview had filed a motion to stay the proceedings pending decisions on its motion to dismiss based on personal jurisdiction, and to move the case to the Southern District of New York, where the company is based. In New York, Chief Justice Colleen McMahon said that because the suit applies an Illinois state law and includes class members based on their Illinois residence at the time of the alleged violation, it is not clear that the cases belong in New York district court.
Continue reading “Biometric privacy lawsuit decisions: Clearview AI loses, Shutterfly and Southwest win, TikTok in trouble” »Dogs enjoy a nice routine that includes food time, regular walks or playtime indoors or outdoors. But what if your dog is tired of the same routine each day and expresses boredom by looking unstimulated or lazy? Like humans, our loved furry friends also need mental and physical stimulation for a healthy life.
Here are some simple ways to relieve dog boredom:
Changes to exercise
Make sure your dog gets daily exercise so they can stay fit and healthy. An unhealthy lifestyle can lead to obesity and a myriad of health issues. Your dog needs to be out and about to stay happy. We may think regular walking is enough but mixing up exercise with playtime can have better benefits. As a pet parent, if you love going for runs, take your dog with you. Make sure they stay hydrated. A dog can also be a good workout buddy if you like cycling. These exercises will release more energy and keep your dog fit.
Socialization
If your dog is used to seeing people when outdoors, they will have better socialization skills. It is one of the most important aspects of training a dog when they are young! And it also helps keep boredom at bay and keeps them energized. Your dog should be able to socialize easily with other humans and their pets. The first eight to ten weeks are important when the puppy is growing up. Having play dates with other dogs can help them adapt and grow up being more social.
Hunt for food
Change up their feeding routine! Next time your dog wants a treat, make them look for it! Hide their food in a spot different than the usual place. They will feel challenges to sniff and find it. Another way to alleviate boredom in dogs is to hide their treats in the yard or under the sofa. Some dogs may figure this out sooner than others. Try it, let them hunt for their food, and see what they do!
Doggy Day Care
Enrolling your loved dog in a class has many benefits! A local trainer can be the right person to stimulate your doggy so they can learn something new. There are many things to be learned, such as, nosework,obedience and agility training. Doggy day care like Dogtopia is another great way for your dog to socialize. If you have a puppy, they have puppy pre school and if you have an adult dog, they also have training sessions!
Are you ready to switch things up for your dog? Looking to transport your dog for their training session or a doggy play date? Paws en route, a GTA based pet taxi service, provides safe and timely pet transportation. Let us know if you have any questions. Book a ride with us today!Sunday is the perfect day for a trip out of town because you can take advantage of the closure of schools and offices to enjoy the most fascinating places of our beautiful Italy, in pairs or in groups with friends and relatives. If your intent is to spend a day that makes you live history, art, good food and fun, visit Pompeii is the best choice. Here you can admire an unrivaled artistic heritage, combining a trip to the archaeological walk to the Sanctuary and a succulent meal to the discover the traditional Neapolitan cuisine. During the year, moreover, there are a series of Sunday events that make the visit even more attractive.
Free entrance to the excavations
Yes, every first Sunday of the month, thanks to the “Sunday at the Museum”, promoted by the Ministry of Heritage and Culture, the entrance to the excavations is free for all. This year, the first Sunday of December falls in conjunction with the “National Day of archeology, the artistic heritage and restoration”, during which the House of Romulus and Remus, the House Triptolemus and sites that are located in modern Pompeii, in particular the Temple of Sant’Abbondio and the Sanctuary of the Fund Iozzino will be exceptionally open to the public. On December 7, therefore, an archaeologist of the Superintendence will be available to tourists who want to visit Pompeii for a guide to this mentioned areas.
Shrine: not only celebrations
The sanctuary has a rich program of Sunday celebrations. From 06.00 to 20.00 it is possible, in fact, to attend the SS. Mass celebrated at the Main altar and visit the underground crypt and the high bell tower, which offers a panoramic view of the archaeological site, Vesuvius and the Bay of Naples.
On Sunday – December 7, 2014 – also the inauguration of the Nativity Monumental Institute Bartolo Longo will open in the Marian city the season of the Neapolitan crib art, with installations that also affect other areas of the sanctuary, as the right aisle and Piazzale San John XXIII.
And the lunch break?
Visiting Pompeii, walking in the ancient city and the modern one, requires a good amount of energy. Why, then, do not refuel in one of the many restaurants in the city?
You can choose between different opportunities offered by Locali di Pompeii, but please note that in Naples on Sunday lunch is a balance point, a ritual during which you can taste the best recipes of the family, with particular attention to pasta dishes. Ban on fast food, then! If you fancy a typical Neapolitan meal at a fair price, you should try:
- #Ristorant
e Pizzeria del Sole, ideal for those peckish once at the exit from the excavations because it is located right in front of Piazza Amphitheatre. Among the specialties on Sunday, aims to often the Neapolitan lasagna, with its meat patties fried and dipped in tomato sauce, it fully represents the exclusivity of the Neapolitan cuisine;
- # hcca24: Here you will have a way to enjoy, among many dishes, paccheri with swordfish, shrimp and provolone, topped with fresh tomato and finished with rocket. A dish with the colors of the Italian flag that embodies the tradition of the fish d
ishes, so dear to the Neapolitans. The restaurant is convenient for those who find themselves with an appetite whetted while visiting the Sanctuary or has started towards the center of Pompeii on foot or by car, which can easily stay in the free private parking.
Visiting Pompeii in a single day is simple because it is extremely well connected to all major Italian cities, highways and public transportation. It is, therefore, easily accessible by tourists coming from various regions. Lazio, Puglia, Basilicata, Molise, Calabria and Abruzzo on all. If, instead, live a little further – to the north or more down south – the solution is even more obvious … book an entire weekend! 😉
Fonte Immagini: Google ImagesThese types of fruit help against belly fat...
Rolls of bacon on the stomach can be dangerous: the fat accumulates there for years and works like an independent organ and forms hormones that trigger inflammatory processes in the body. Belly fat also causes high blood pressure and poor digestion. Exercising is one option to address this. But it is more fun to melt the annoying lifebuoys while eating. No typo: There are types of fruit that do a very good job here - above all the following five.
Berries are not only very healthy in general, they also melt belly fat quickly. The latter is otherwise very stubborn. Blueberries and raspberries in particular keep you feeling full for a long time, while at the same time boosting your metabolism. In addition, the fruits contain a high concentration of polyphenols, which also have a positive effect on fat burning.
Apples and pears are also effective belly fat killers. The reason: The fruits contain pectin, a water-soluble fiber that stimulates the bowel movement. That way you get a flat core faster when you lose weight. Pears in particular also score with the fact that they are very easy to digest and have a dehydrating effect. There is no better afternoon snack for the office.
The bright red fruit is very rich in minerals, vitamins and antioxidants. The latter are particularly important when it comes to losing weight on the stomach, as they keep the metabolism on its toes and thus effectively combat excess kilos. In addition, pomegranates are very low in calories. Drink a glass of fresh pomegranate juice more often in the morning or add the small, red seeds to the healthy salad at lunchtime.
Vitamin C is probably the first thing that comes to mind when thinking of citrus fruits. Exactly this vitamin is perfect against lifebuoys, as it increases fat burning by up to 30 percent. The hormone norepinephrine produced in the adrenal gland, which supports fat loss, also requires sufficient amounts of vitamin C.
The green superfruit is very fatty, but its polyunsaturated fatty acids are very healthy and they even help you lose weight. The reason: They keep the blood sugar level low and thus prevent nasty food cravings. In addition, avocados lower cholesterol, which has an overall positive effect on health.Geriatrics opening in AR
Company: Archway Physician Recruitment
Location: Pine Bluff
Posted on: November 17, 2021
Job Description:
Family Practice-Geriatrics opening in Pine Bluff, Arkansas. This
and other physician jobs brought to you by DocCafe.com
Geriatrics opening 30 minutes to Little Rock, AR
Pine Bluff, AR
Service area of 100,000 people
Full time, permanent opening
Excellent opportunity to practice medicine in Pine Bluff, AR..
Keyphrases: family medicine jobs, family practice jobs, family practitioner jobs, geriatric medicine jobs, geriatrician jobs, gerontologist jobs, family medicine specialist jobs
Family Practice-Geriatrics opening in Pine Bluff, Arkansas. This
and other physician jobs brought to you by DocCafe.com
Keywords: Archway Physician Recruitment, Pine Bluff , Geriatrics opening in AR, Healthcare , Pine Bluff, ArkansasYuki is the adopted daughter of the headmaster of Cross Academy, having been rescued ten years before, from a vampire attack, by Kaname Kuran. Now she hold the prestigious post of being one of the Guardians for the school who try to keep the day students away from the night students as they are unaware that the Night Class is made up completely of vampires...
Vampire Knight is a manga written by Matsuri Hino. As is the way with mangas, the book has also spawned an anime series and two drama CDs. The story originally appeared in 2005 in LaLa Magazine.
I would be lying if I said that I had been impressed with volume one. The book appeared to consist of clichés regarding vampires and the central heroine did not come across as a credible character. Sad to say the situation with Yuki remains much the same in this volume. The school set up appeared to be designed so that the females, which made up the Day Class, would spend all their time mooning over the ever so pretty Night Class vampires.
To be honest not a lot changes with volume two. There is the introduction of a new character, Yagari Toga, and the tone of the book has made some moves away from the simpering banality, which made up much of the first volume. With this element gone the book has a much darker feel to it, which is in keeping with its subject matter.
That said, it still has a way to go before it is anything other than a book for young teenage girls.
5
Charles Packer
We
compare prices online so you get the cheapest
deal
Click on the logo of the desired store below
to purchase this item.
All prices correct at time of going to press.While terms of the deal have yet to be disclosed, both companies seem eager to get started on the working relationship. Brandon Truaxe, the founder of Deciem, told the publication, "It’s nearly unthinkable for a conglomerate to embrace a disruptive mind-set like that of Deciem — and yet we have felt like family from the very first day we met the loving team at the Estée Lauder Companies."
Advertisement
The move is one in a string of investments by Estée Lauder. The company also recently acquired Too Faced and Becca Cosmetics — two other makeup brands that tailor to a younger demographic. Needless to say, we're excited to see how this affects Deciem's rapid growth. Considering it's already launched 10 beauty collections in just three years, we have a feeling the best it yet to come.
This story was originally published on April 3, 2017.
Purchasing $6.70 and $6.90, respectively — which is, in true The Ordinary fashion, a mind-bogglingly affordable price to pay for excellent formulas that are seriously effective. As they say, the best things in life are worth the wait...Uprising
We’ve been afraid of robots for a lot longer than they’ve even been a reality. In fact, we’ve been afraid of robots for far longer than we’ve even called them “robots.” Do we have anything to fear at all? That depends on who you ask. Meet the people and bots who are already living the reality of the robot uprising.
Self-driving cars have the potential to save thousands of lives and reduce carbon emissions. Will we be smart enough to hop on board? More Info about The truth about self-driving cars
The issue with completely taking humans out of warfare? Our ability to feel and evaluate complex situations, using human judgement and moral understanding, is not something an artificial intelligence can easily learn. More Info about Killer robots will fight our wars: Can they be trusted?
Beyond the brains of even the most intelligent human beings lies artificial superintelligence, which could pose serious threats to the human race. Nick Bostrom is attempting to fathom the unfathomable so we can be ready. More Info about Nick Bostrom on superintelligence and the future of AI
An ever-increasing number of robots in the workplace may force us to change our perception of the sort of work we deem worthy of human minds and hands. Instead of stealing our jobs, think of robots as taking on the duties nobody really wants, anyway. More Info about "collaborative" robots are taking our jobs, but it might be a good thing
Meet BUDDY, an advanced robot designed with an expressive face and gentle voice. With human-like emotions and different moods, BUDDY has the ability to care for the elderly and his human companions. More Info about Meet your future caretaker: BUDDY the companion robot
These robots can lift heavy objects, crawl through rugged terrain, and climb challenging structures to save lives. But search and rescue robots won’t be rendering human first responders obsolete anytime soon. They’re designed to assist and protect them from unnecessary harm. More Info about These search and rescue robots could save your life
From the "cobots" that could steal your job to the cuter, emotional robots already living in our homes, this series provides an in-depth look at what’s to come in the not-too-distant future of robotic technology. More Info about Fear not, the robots are already here
Description
Sweet bananas are mixed with ice for a cool, refreshing treat!
Banana Ice is available in a 100ml short fill with 0mg of nicotine.There is room in the bottle to add nicotine.
Skwezed offers a fantastic range of fruity and icy flavours!
Payment & Security
Your payment information is processed securely. We do not store credit card details nor have access to your credit card information.DYNAMIC SensoLight
SPECIAL ERGO Chainsaw Gloves
General: S - XL.
VersionsPrice
- Work Gloves - Dynamic SensoLight - S$27.50*
- Work Gloves - Dynamic SensoLight - M$27.50*
- Work Gloves - Dynamic SensoLight - L$27.50*
- Work Gloves - Dynamic SensoLight - XL$27.Pickle juice? Superglue? Peeing on their digits? This is the gripping tale of how far pitchers go to get an upper hand.
REMEDY
ACRYLIC NAIL
ARCHIE BRADLEY, DIAMONDBACKS
After multiple cracks in his nail curtailed the use of his curveball, the Arizona reliever found relief at a local salon.
Aaron Sanchez is staring at his cuticles, pondering a seemingly simple question. The Blue Jays pitcher has just been asked to describe his relationship with his fingernails. At first, he considers using words to tell the story. But words won’t suffice to describe the medical ordeal that transformed him from Cy Young contender to replacement-level player. No, only images can do that. Graphic ones. So Sanchez pulls out his phone to share the grisly photos.
“It started like this,” says Sanchez, sitting shirtless at his locker in the visiting clubhouse at Camden Yards before a late-August game. He taps open a close-up of his right middle finger, a burgeoning blood blister beneath the nail and what appear to be small burgundy skid marks on the flesh bordering the top of it—the cost of doing repeated business with a baseball. He then scrolls through the dozens of pictures that tell the story of his lost 2017 campaign, each gnarlier than the last:
There’s the one taken just two weeks into the season, after a surgeon sliced off the entire left third of his nail in an effort to destroy the blisters that had started bubbling up the year before.
There’s the one of him pitching against Tampa Bay a few weeks later, when the remaining nail split in half horizontally during the first inning—his only inning—and his finger began, as he says, “leaking,” blood oozing everywhere, nary a Band-Aid in sight.
Then there’s the one he took in the bathroom at Camden Yards three weeks later, after he’d applied a seventh layer of superglue onto that same nail, one for each of the six innings he’d just worked against the Orioles, plus another just to be safe.
A day after that May start in Baltimore, Sanchez landed on the disabled list for the third time in five weeks, then returned in early July, only to last three starts before hitting the DL again. The cause of that final stint—the one that ended his season—was listed as a blister, but the injury, in truth, was a torn finger ligament, the result of Sanchez altering his mechanics to compensate for the loss of his nail.
“My mind was thinking, ‘I need my fingernail,’” says Sanchez, a sinkerballer whose normal grip requires the left edge of his middle nail to maintain contact with the ball until release. But after part of that nail was surgically removed, he fell into the habit of rotating his middle finger so that what little nail remained was touching the ball. Sanchez says that led to the torn ligament, which ended his season—one that had begun with such promise.
After a breakout 2016 performance in which he won 15 games, worked almost 200 innings and finished seventh in AL Cy Young voting, Sanchez had just one win and worked 36 innings in 2017. Needless to say, he didn’t receive any Cy Young votes. He did, however, get plenty of flak from folks who couldn’t comprehend how a silly little blister on the end of a finger had totally rocked his world.
“The image in their mind is not what’s in those pictures,” Sanchez says. “Once they see it, they’re like, ‘Oh, f---! No wonder you didn’t pitch.’”
REMEDY
ROOFING
AARON SANCHEZ, BLUE JAYS
After serving multiple stints on the DL, the 2016 AL ERA leader finally cracked the nail-care code through manual labor.
TOMMY JOHN SURGERY is old news. Torn labrums had a moment. Thoracic outlet syndrome? So 2016. In truth, when it comes to orthopedic ailments that can harm hurlers and kibosh careers, it’s fragile fingertips—from bubbling blisters to nagging nails— that are suddenly all the plague.
Over the past two months, ESPN The Magazine has spoken with more than a dozen MLB pitchers who’ve battled blister and fingernail problems, several of whom would talk only off the record, some for fear that it would affect their value in contract negotiations. One thing they all shared: Most of them don’t officially report the full extent of their finger injuries so they can avoid DL stays. “It’s one of those weird little baseball injuries,” says an AL playoff-bound pitcher. “For position guys, calf strains are hard to come back from, and they generally recur. For pitchers, blisters [and nails] are in that same category. They can derail a career.”
Still, there are ways to uncover the growing damage caused by finger injuries. Corey Dawkins, an athletic trainer and founder of Baseball Injury Consultants, tracks the injuries that land big league pitchers on the DL. According to Dawkins, 10 hurlers hit the DL for blisters in 2015; the next year the total more than doubled (22). In 2017, the tally climbed to 27. This year, through Sept. 10, 22 hurlers had hit the shelf with blisters, which projects to at least 24 this season. And that total doesn’t even include fingernails, which, as Sanchez can attest, go hand in hand with blisters.
So what in the name of Edward Scissorhands is to blame for all the digit demolition? Why are so many of today’s pitchers hanging on by a nail? While it’s hard to put a finger on a lone cause, several pitchers posit that modern metrics have played a role. “With the increased use of Statcast data,” Dawkins says, “focusing on increased spin rate is causing them to grip the ball harder and creating more friction.”.If you're a business or an organization with multiple developers, now you can purchase multi-seat licenses at a discount. There's even an option for purchasing unlimited-seat licenses for educational and business use.
This is in addition to the already flexible single-user registration prices available to you as an independent developer.
For details, please visit the HTML-Kit registration pageIndia at Tokyo Olympics – Indian Golfers at Olympics: Golf made its Olympics debut at the 1900 Paris Games. Also, it was part of the next edition but then it was scrapped for 112 years before making its comeback at the 2016 Rio Olympics. At the 2016 Rio Olympics, three Indian golfers made their Olympic debut – Shiv Chawrasia, Anirban Lahiri, and Aditi Ashok. The participation of Indian golfers at the Olympics gave hope to a lot of people to take up this sport – Follow Tokyo Olympics & Indian Golfers Live Streaming on SonyLIV & follow all LIVE updates about Indian Golfers on InsideSport.co.
Also Read: India at Tokyo Olympics: India entering Tokyo Olympics with 119 member…
Also Read: Olympics Village: Games village officially open, Czech team first to come-in, check Inside view of Olympics Village
India at Tokyo Olympics – Indian Golfers at Tokyo Olympics: Can Anirban Lahiri finish on the podium in his second Olympic appearance?
At the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, India will be sending three golfers, two male golfers, and a female golfer. The three golfers are Anirban Lahiri, Udayan Mane, and Aditi Ashok. Once again, all eyes will be on Anirban Lahiri and Aditi Ashok, making their second Olympic appearance. Let’s have a detailed look at the members of the golf squad.
Also Read: Tokyo Olympics – IPL 2021: Olympics to use ‘Virtual Fan Walls’ in empty stadiums as BCCI did during IPL 2021
Tokyo Olympics Golf LIVE Streaming details & all other details – Follow Tokyo Olympics & Indian Golfers Live Streaming on SonyLIV & follow all LIVE updates about Indian Golfers on InsideSport.co.
India at Tokyo Olympics – Indian Golfers Tokyo Olympics Golf Schedule
Anirban Lahiri
Anirban Lahiri narrowly secured his berth for his second successive Olympic Games when he bagged the last spot in the Tokyo Games rankings for men. He is placed at 340th position and qualified for the Tokyo Olympics as India’s highest-ranked golfer. The golfer has seven Asian tour wins, and two European tour wins to his name, and not to forget, he was part of the silver medal-winning team at the 2006 Asian Games.
Udayan Mane
Udayan Mane made it to to the Tokyo Olympics after Argentine Emiliano Grillo withdrew from the games. He is currently ranked at 354th and qualified for the Olympics with the withdrawal of Argentine Emiliano Grillo who was ranked world number 74. Only top-60 golfers qualify for the Olympics, and he was the reserve player behind Gillo, so Mane grabbed the vacant spot. The golfer is also an 11-time winner on the PGTI.
Aditi Ashok
Aditi Ashok is the only Indian female golfer at Tokyo Olympics. She qualified for the Olympics after coming in 45th place on the Tokyo Games rankings for women. The golfer has been part of the golf tours such as LGPA and the Ladies European Tour (LET), which are considered the biggest golf tours in women’s circuits. Tokyo Olympics will be her second Olympic appearance after first one at the 2016 Rio Olympics.
India at Tokyo Olympics – Tokyo Olympics Golf Schedule
· Thursday, 29th July (04:00 – 12:30) (IST)
– Men’s Individual Stroke Play Round 1 (Anirban Lahiri & Udayan Mane)
· Wednesday, 04th August (04:00 – 12:30) (IST)
– Women’s Individual Stroke Play Round 1 (Aditi Ashok)
Tokyo Olympics Golf LIVE Streaming details & all other details – All Tokyo Olympic Golf Matches will be Live Streamed on SonyLIV in India & Follow them LIVE on InsideSport.co.Edited by Kim Won Hee
Translated by Cho EK
tvN’s Jirisan had attracted much attention for being a collaborative work between Sweet Home director Lee Eung Bok and famous thriller writer Kim Eun Hee. In addition, Jun Ji Hyun and Ju Ji Hoon decided to reunite after Kingdom Season 3, heightening the anticipation. However, did the series live up to its hype and expectations?
Overall, the drama follows the rangers who rescue people and solve a series of mysterious cases in Mt. Jirisan. The first episode introduces two rangers, a veteran trekker Seo Yi Gang (Jun Ji Hyun) and a rookie ranger Kang Hyeon Jo (Ju Ji Hoon). Here, Kang has a special ability to foresee future events at a specific location. The story of rescuing a student who went missing in the mountain after leaving a mysterious text message unfolds in a lively manner, just like the 90s Japanese cartoon and dramas. However, when the scenes are cut to the present, Seo Yi Gang appears in a wheelchair, and Kang Hyeon Jo is seen lying in a bed in a coma, giving viewers an unexpected shock.
The second episode goes back and forth between the past and the present, inviting curiosity about what had happened to Kang Hyeon Jo and Seo Yi Gang in the past. The case of finding a missing person in the mountain flows in a similar format to the first episode, whereas the current story is full of confusion as if the series is shifted to a new genre. For example, the mysterious ghost ranger covered in blood turned out to be Kang Hyun Jo’s living spirit. From the first week, Jirisan caught viewers’ attention with its unexpected twists and turns, recording an average nationwide viewership rating of 10.6 percent.
However, the ratings have gradually declined in the following few episodes and have not been able to bounce back since. One of the biggest reasons for its fall from grace is its music. Previously, director Lee Eung Bok received mixed reactions on his selection of music in his work, Sweet Home, picking Imagine Dragons’ “Warriors” to play during some of the most important scenes in the show. This time too, some of its insert songs completely broke the immersion every time they were played during the essential scenes. The story follows the format of a mystery thriller and shows urgent situations in the mountains, gradually building up the tension. However, the intense background music, which doesn’t go along with the overall vibe of the show, makes us difficult to concentrate on the narrative and the characters.
The drama first suggests a big difference between the past and present status of Seo Yi Gang and Kang Hyeon Jo. Then, it fills the gap between the two time zones, actively using the rookie ranger with a special power. Previously, he gained the ability to foresee the deaths of people in the mountain after his peer soldier died from eating poisoned yogurt while serving his duty in the military.
After becoming a ranger, he comes across a series of strange cases and realizes that those are the same kind of murders that killed his mate in the army by looking at the yogurt plastic cups on the scenes. Learning that the perpetrator is still walking freely, he sets out to solve the cases on his own. The series uses this method of repeating an incident that occurred in the mountain in the past and hinting at what will happen next in the process of solving the current case they are at.
Perhaps because of its repeated format, viewers slowly lose interest in watching the series. Every time a certain incident occurs and resolves, a new clue appears again. However, all these processes are a bit far from reaching the point where it has to tell us ‘Who was the culprit and what is his purpose?’ As the story progresses, it is only revealed that the series of events that took place in the past are somehow related to the real criminal who had put Seo Yi Gang and Kang Hyeon Jo in danger. As the show keeps going without giving a clear lead or answer, it gets more and more convoluted and frustrating.
However, despite the many disappointments, there are some explicit appeals to the series. Jun Ji Hyun’s versatile acting shows that she is always nothing short of exceptional. Not only does she show her incredibly strong mindset as a ranger, but she also nails all those funny lines just like how she did in her previous works, My Sassy Girl and My Love from the Stars. In addition, her dry tome with a calm and mature appearance effectively builds up the tension of the thriller series.
However, if the main actor is the only reason for us to watch the series, the show may have to prepare another intriguing element to stop us from climbing down the mountain they have prepared for us. In the remaining half of the story, I hope that they will deliver us a little better plot so that we can run towards the top together until the end.
Verdict: The actors alone are not enough to make us climb the mountain all the way to the top. (5/10)
Edited by Kim Won Hee: I am a person who needs more than 24 hours in a day because there are so many things I love. I am amassing various genres in the jewelry box in my heart.
Translator Cho EK: I’m a big fan of Korean dramas and movies.The province has green-lit the Central Okanagan School District’s concept plans to build a secondary school on the repurposed École George Pringle Elementary site.
The school district got the good news on Friday, Nov. 5, quickly submitting another report to the Ministry of Education for final approval. The district is working to receive final approval to get the project started as soon as possible.
“The need for this new secondary school is incredibly urgent,” said board chairperson Moyra Baxter. “The Board of Education implores the province to provide final approval on this project as soon as possible, as any delays will further exacerbate the capacity issues at Mount Boucherie Secondary School.”
Plans for catchment changes for next year and for when the new secondary school opens will be released on Nov. 16. Considerations for locations of the French Immersion elementary and secondary programs will also be released. All considerations will reflect the plans to build the new secondary school.
The public is invited to attend a drop-in public information session about the considerations on Nov. 23 from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m. at Mount Boucherie Secondary School.
@paulatr12
paula.tran@kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter and subscribe to our daily newsletter.
City of West KelownaKelownaSchoolsActor Kodi Smit-McPhee (Let Me In) has recently chosen his next project, a futuristic sci-fi film titled, The Congress. Adapted from Stanislaw Lem’s short story The Futurological Congress, the film will be directed by Ari Folman, whose last film was the Oscar-nominated Waltz with Bashir. Smit-McPhee joins a cast in the animated film that includes Robin Wright, Danny Huston, Harvey Keitel and Paul Giamatti. Smit-McPhee revealed his involvement in an interview with We Got This Covered (via The Playlist):
“I’m also doing a film called The Congress which is just in the rehearsal process and I think next week we’ll be shooting. I don’t really know how to explain it, I think it’s sci-fi and futuristic.”
We previously brought you the first image from the film last year. For more on The Congress, hit the jump.
Though Lem is not exactly a household name, you might recognize his previously adapted work, Solaris. The Congress appears to be loosely based on the source material, so here’s a brief description of the short story: [Amazon].
While that quote doesn’t give us a lot to go on, The Playlist provides a meatier description of the plot. In The Congress, the story revolves around “the world of an actress (Robin Wright). She’s in decline because the studios just sampled her and they kept using her image. She walks into the future, which is a world that is totally controlled by the manufacture of psychiatric pharmacology products.”
Still not enough to get you interested? Well, how about checking out some early footage over at Slash Film. (Sorry about the overbearing translation.) As someone who’s actually read Lem’s The Futurological Congress, that brief animation sequence promises to capture the craziness and black humor of the novel. Wheelchair-mounted Tommy guns? Yes please!Event Information
Date and time
Location
Online event
About this event
Hosted by Darebin Climate Action Now (DCAN), this event will explore the huge potential for community clean energy projects to transform Darebin for a zero carbon future.
Hear how DCAN has partnered with the new Metro Community Power Hub (MCPH) to help you take the next steps towards an 'all-electric home' and connect you with free expert energy consults, vetted suppliers and discounted rooftop solar PV systems.
Join guest speakers Tim Shue and Peter Mercouriou from the not-for-profit Yarra Energy Foundation (YEF), which is leading the Metro Community Power Hub and the ground-breaking Yarra Community Battery Trial.
YEF has been awarded funding for the MCPH by Sustainability Victoria on behalf of the Victorian Government through the Community Power Hubs program.
After registering you will receive an order confirmation via email which includes a Zoom link to the session.
Date and time
Location
Online event
Organiser Metro Community Power Hub
Organiser of Building Clean Community Energy in DarebinArka
Verified tutor profile
- Hourly rate $25
- Response Time 24h
- Number of students 2
About the lesson
I help students learn by working on small-scale projects. I have observed that students learn the best if they're presented with tasks that have real-world applications.
Before students work on the tasks, I would teach the relevant topic thoroughly, so that the student faces no difficulties when they work on it.
I can go slow if a student is having difficulties with a topic, and I will make sure the student does not have conceptual gaps.
subjects
- Basic Computer Skills
- Computer programming
- C++
- +3
Computer languages
Python
Artificial Intelligence
languages
- Japanese
levels
- All Levels
About Arka
I am a Master's student in Machine Learning, and I have been writing code for 10+ years. I started working on programming projects since I was 13, and my first major project was a game driver tool that made games work better on low-end computers.
Then, I majored in CS, and I had a brief stint in Oracle, AWS, and a mobile game-dev start-up. My total work experience is ~2.5 years. I have worked with 5+ programming languages in my career, and I am currently doing research in Machine Learning Algorithms in Computer Vision and NLP.
I would be comfortable teaching any programming language (C++ and Python are my strongholds), Linux, UNIX, Object-Oriented Design, AI, Machine Learning, and high-school mathematics.
I am a good student, and I finished my Bachelor's degree with a Magna Cum Laude, and I currently have a GPA of 4.15/4.30 in my Master's degree. Additionally, I am currently doing research in Dr. Yoshua Bengio's lab.
Rates
packages
- 5 h: $100
- 10 h: $190
travel
- + $$5
webcam
- $ 24/hDear Families,
Thank you for taking the time out of your busy schedules to attend conferences yesterday and today. Families took advantage of both in-person and virtual meeting opportunities to discuss their student’s progress thus far this year. On behalf of Prairie faculty and staff, I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Prairie PTO and families for their very generous support in the way of food and beverage donations for our conference dinner and snacks. Your generosity is much appreciated!
Kindly,
Christine Pfaff
NEW *PTO Monster Bash*
Mark your calendar for one of the most exciting PTO events of the school year. The Monster Bash will be held on Friday, October 22nd from 6:00pm - 7:30pm. The event will be held in the Prairie parking lot. There will be a fall photo backdrop, Trunk-or-Treat, and many other fun activities.
We welcome families to decorate their trunks, mini-vans, or pick-up truck beds with elementary school-level friendly decor. Please contact Karen Abrams at [email protected] if you would like to enter your vehicle for Trunk-or-Treat. The PTO will provide candy or trinkets for you to pass out to the children. You only have to do the decorations.
The entry fee for the event is $5.00 for one child and $10 for two or more children. Dessert options will be an extra charge and more information is forthcoming.
NEW *Halloween Costumes*
Our Halloween festivities will be here before we know it. We look forward to students dressing in their Halloween costumes for our Halloween Parade and classroom parties on Friday, Oct. 29th. Please help us with the following costume guidelines. Students will change into their costumes after the lunch period. Costumes must be appropriate for school.
- Please no masks, blood, super scary stuff, general iciness, or weapons
- Please no cigars or cigarette items
- Please no bare tummies
- Please keep hair coloring and make-up simple
If you plan to pick your child up so that they can put their costume on at home, please fill out THIS FORM.
NEW *Halloween Parties* school sometime in October before the party to have their license scanned, which will speed up the process. The more people who come in early to be scanned, the shorter the line.
All volunteers must follow our procedures for verifying vaccination or have proof of a negative Covid test. See "REPEAT *Volunteers & Vaccination Verification or Proof of a Negative Test*" below for requirement details. Call the office with questions. All volunteers must wear a mask at all times and remain socially distanced.
NEW *Halloween Parade*
Our Halloween Parade will be on Friday, Oct. 29th. The parade will begin at 1:15 pm. Students will exit the art/music doors on Kingsbridge Way and walk the sidewalk to the blacktop area where they will re-enter the building. Families are encouraged to come out and line the sidewalk for enthusiastic cheering, waving, and picture taking. We hope to see you there.
NEW *Calling 4th & 5th Grade Leaders*
Are you interested in an awesome leadership opportunity? If you are, the Positively Prairie Leadership Council (PPLC) is for you! Come join us for an informational meeting Thursday, October 28th from 3:00-3:45 in Ms. Heuer’s classroom (red pod room 6). All 4th & 5th graders are welcome to attend the meeting!
If you are attending the meeting, parent pick-up will be at the Kingsbridge Circle where the bus drop-off is. Pick-up is at 3:45pm.
We look forward to seeing you!
Dr. Yutakis, Mrs. Muehling, Mrs. Himes, and Ms. Heuer
NEW *Toys at School*
We have observed that students are bringing toys to school. These items become a distraction from learning. If toys are coming to be used at Clubhouse or for another reason, they will remain in the student’s backpack. There are some exceptions such as teachers using toys as a reward from time to time and, of course, bringing a toy to school on a special occasion is acceptable. Teachers will communicate when there is a special event in class. Please review the expectation around bringing toys to school with your child. We appreciate your help in supporting school expectations. is make their way back to your child much easier..
Questions - Lubna Kahn-Andrabi: [email protected]
REPEAT *Contact Tracing Clarification*
Contact tracing is completed when a confirmed COVID-19 case is reported. If a student is identified as close contact, families will be notified. Contact tracing in District 96 is based on the current IDPH definitions of close contact which are included at the bottom of the D96 Quarantine Decision Making Matrix that has previously been shared with families.
In classrooms, hallways, etc., close contacts are defined as being closer than 3 feet with inconsistent masking of an infected person for a total of 15 minutes over a 24-hour period.
In the lunchroom, close contacts are defined as being closer than 6 feet with inconsistent masking of an infected person for a total of 15 minutes over a 24 hour period..Bookkeeping Services
Swan Bookkeeping Services will help you understand the financial health of your business and free you from financial administration, allowing complimentary discussion about how we can help.
Other Services Offered By Swan Accountants
What Our Clients Saying
Google Review
I have been asking accountants for years to review my business structure to no avail. Kai not only took the time to listen to my questions, he explained a few small changes that could benefit my situation.
Katie Van Heek | Autobahn JoondalupLucky or What?
TWO MINUTE SCI-FI SHORT STORY HOT OFF THE KEYBOARD
Lucky or what?
‘I was born in a cellar during an air raid,’ I tried to sob a bit more believably, ‘with nitro bombs scorching the air every day. We had irradiation bursts most nights…’
I always put on the poor-me cowl when we get idiots coming to talk to us at the Womps Welfare Clinic. Makes them feel important or something, I suppose. They only surface twice a year, probably to tick their books off, saying we are still alive and deserving our Interstellar Credits. They don’t like to be seen down here in the radiation lands too often, eh? So I always roll the black-edge carpet out for them.
‘And we had Zygon fighters coming over every day, blast-bats destroying the buildings. Orbiting Xoltairs guiding their gas-ships, and poisoning us for days on end.’ I like to rub in the hardships we had back then. 'Stillgon troopers stomping through like a pack of giant Gilo-Bots... glimmer mines left lurking in the rubble...'
They’re always suspicious of my age. The war ended a hundred and eighty years ago, and I’m still claiming my widow’s allowance. They always reckon they have to audit us, or monitor us, or whatever, each year. I’m sure they harbour doubts about my veracity and authenticity. Even now, after all this time.
‘We had nothing to eat for wekks and wekks,’ I always tell them. ‘Foul water… no light.’
I like to put them on the back foot when they come down here, accusing, and looking at me sideways. I always turn the table and chairs on them; put the onus on them. Get them on the defensive, and say, ‘And you think I’m the poorest specimen of humanity you’ve ever seen? I’m about the luckiest person alive.’
I jab my fingers at them when I say that. ‘Only three of us came out alive; and the other two are gone now. I’m the best specimen you’ll ever see of anyone aged over two hundred years. My age? What about it?’
They always consult their papers and files, look at me again, check their miniscreens, DNAs and glycines, and stare at me even more. One or two of them bluster a bit, but they never have anything particularly nice to say. ‘All this paying out,’ they grumble.
‘We really don’t like to keep paying out.’
‘Seemingly forever,’ one complained.
‘It’ll have been something in the irrads, or the water,’ I tell them. ‘Or perhaps the rotted food did something to my virals or hormones or whatevers? How would I know? That cellar fungus did have a rich taste to it. We knew it was doing us good. Lived on it for wekk after wekk in those dark times towards the end of the war, we did.’
I gave them a big smile, despite their grumpy scowls in my direction. ‘I expect that’s why I have such a healthy glow.’ I patted my cheek in self-satisfaction.
‘Huh? What do mean? This sort of glow? What are you telling me? Pale blue isn’t healthy?’
TWDescription
/>
“Turn $10-20 In Ad Spend Into 3 Figures Without any Previous Experience With this Incredible 10 Minute Strategy!”
/>
(Set Up As Many Cash Generating Ads As You Like….In Just One Hour A Day. Completely Newbie Friendly…..Just Rinse And Repeat
ADTARGET DRILL
This Step By Step PDF Video training course takes you by the hand to lead you to the proven ad strategy that is briming in MASSIVE results.
If you are an affiliate marketer, complete wet-behind-the-ears newbie OR established marketers, you will find this strategy essential to your marketing efforts.
How to pick the product to promote
How to setup a landing page
How to do the targeting
How to do the follow up
How to retarget the same audience
Everything inside is backed up by a case study
Let Ivana and Ram explain their simple, doable method to bring you passive income with limited effort here:
Learn More About Ad Target Drill Here!
Purchase Ad Target Drill Today And Get Three Amazing FREE Bonuses (worth $438)! Check the sales page for full details.
EXTRA Bonuses from Valornet: (Access these free bonuses on your access page after purchase)
Valornet Bonus 1: Special Report, How Does Google Ads Work?
Find out the strategies and secrets to making your ad come to the top of Google rankings. This valuable information will take some concentration, but the benefits will bring profit.
Valornet Bonus 2: WP Notify Pro
Stop chasing traffic and discover how this new cutting edge software will instantly boost visits, clicks, conversions, and sales … regardless of your niche! Traffic is said to be the blood of your online business.
Valornet Bonus 3: WP Ad Slinger:
WP Ad Slinger creates Facebook-style ads on any WordPress site. This provides users with an instant customized income stream while displaying ads in a format that over 1 billion internet users have grown quite accustomed to.
Valornet Bonus 4: WP Viral e-Mail Optin
Plugin to help you capture emails and build a list with your WordPress.
“This is one of the best value for money products I have owned in years. ” – by Andrew Clancy
Get Ad Target Drill Here!
There are three optional one-time-offers in the sales funnel:
OTO 1, $27– Done-For-You for 5 High Converting offers, which includes:
Review pages
Review videos
Bonuses
Everything you need to set up your campaigns
Landing page, emails, targeting (keywords or audience)
FB ad Image
OTO 2, $97– 3 coaching sessions with us and how to sell this to offline businesses
How you can sell the complete system to others
You’ll get to know how you can implement the system for others and charge them for your services
OTO 3, $37-6-fig coaching program, where you will:
Work directly with Ivana and Ram
Ask any questions you might have – live
Sell to Offline Businesses and Bank 297-997 per client!/>
14 Day, 100% No-Questions-Asked “Cannot Lose” Guarantee. Download Now and Risk $0.00
Adtarget Drill is a method that allows you to leverage “buyer” traffic to help you multiply your sales. It then shows you how to turn visitors into buyers. It is proven and accessible. Go ahead and give it a try!Singer John Mayer has been around a few high-profile relationships with a few of todayвЂ™s most famous celebs. Past girlfriends consist of Jessica Simpson, Taylor Swift, and Katy Perry.
Never ever someone to keep his ideas to himself, Mayer had been quite verbose together with remarks on dating Jennifer Aniston after fulfilling in 2008.
Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer | FilmMagic Inc/FilmMagic
Within the limelight
Aniston and Mayer came across at an Oscars party in February 2008, relating to E!
News. Aided by the previous FriendsвЂ™ star being this kind of paparazzi favorite, the couple quickly made headlines and became constant product when it comes to tabloids. Popsugar stated that Mayer had commented on experiencing that public scrutiny with Aniston.
вЂњI experienced a discussion about popularity with Jen before we ever actually stepped away in public. She stated, вЂDo you realize exactly exactly just what this entails?’вЂќ Mayer shared. вЂњTwo days later on I experienced individuals outside the house. I became smart sufficient to understand it can probably make me personally an item that is salable the paparazzi. We knew IвЂ™d need certainly to go on to house which had a gate. But that pearl of possibility that life in your heart whenever you meet someone you intend to learn more about has such yet another molecular thickness than anything else you need to pursue it. And I also wouldnвЂ™t undo it, man.вЂќ
A significant great deal to state
The coupleвЂ™s union had been short-lived, where they split in August the exact same 12 months. They reconciled at one part of 2009, but that reunion lasted only 30 days. Mayer ended up being quite available concerning the breakup, some may say to a fault.
A number of MayerвЂ™s reviews concerning the relationship had been reflective and favorable. вЂњThat girl was the absolute most communicative, sweetest, kindest person,вЂќ the singer stated of Aniston this season in a job interview with Playboy. He confessed to taking their breakup quite difficult, telling Rolling rock, вЂњIвЂ™ve never truly gotten on it. It had been among the worst times during the my entire life.вЂќ
Then there have been the expressed terms Mayer most likely shouldвЂ™ve held to himself. In accordance with a 2008 Vogue article, Mayer had sort of temper tantrum after being stalked by paparazzi soon following their parting with Aniston. вЂњIf you dudes are getting toвЂ¦run every lie underneath the sunвЂ¦have me personally as a person whom finished a relationship,вЂќ he stated.
Various still remember their comparison of splitting with Aniston to burning the flag that is american and making digs about her age. вЂњIвЂ™ll often be sorry so it didnвЂ™t last,вЂ™ Mayer stated when you look at the Playboy meeting. вЂњIn some methods wef only I possibly could possibly be together with her. But I canвЂ™t replace the fact that i must be 32.вЂќ Aniston is eight years avove the age of Mayer.
Their commentary didnвЂ™t stop here, where he defended their usage of social networking to air their emotions.
вЂњOne of the most extremely significant distinctions that I was tweeting between us was. There clearly was a rumor that I experienced been dumped because I happened to be tweeting a lot of. That wasnвЂ™t it, but that has been a difference that is bigв which is why she actually is known and loved. вЂњHe had to put that on the market for the Morning Show proceeded to convey staying love for her previous beau. вЂњI feel really protective of him and us. Trust in me, youвЂ™ll never note that happen once more from that guy,вЂќ Aniston stated into the Vogue meeting. вЂњAnd it does not just simply simply take from the undeniable fact that he could be a guy that is wonderful. We value one another.вЂќNHL Pittsburgh Penguins Custom #00 2020 St. Patrick's Day Authentic Player Jersey Green
St. Patrick's Day may only come around once a year, but that doesn't mean you need to limit your spirit. This Pittsburgh Penguins Custom 2020 St. Patrick's Day Authentic Player Green Jersey. This Penguins 2020 St. Patrick's Day Jersey is perfect for showing off your dedicated Custom fandom with its bold graphics and festive color. You are the definition of a Penguins fan and no one loves St. Paddy's Day more than you.
- Material: 100% Polyester
- Lightweight, flexible crests and patches that fold easy
- An all-new super comfortable soft fabric
- Officially licensed
- Imported
Product Name: NHL Pittsburgh Penguins Custom #00 2020 St. Patrick's Day Authentic Player Jersey Green
Price: $119.00
In stock
In stock
Rated 4.6/5 based on 128 customer reviews
Tags: NHL, NHL Pittsburgh Penguins, NHL Pittsburgh Penguins Custom, Men's, Men's Jersey, Men's Jersey 2020 St. Patrick's Day, Eastern Union, Atlantic Division, Pittsburgh Penguins, JerseysThe Special Education Service Agency (SESA) Special Education Service Agency (SESA) conducts accessibility reviews of its website and remediates issues uncovered by these audits. Please be aware that our efforts are ongoing.
We welcome your feedback on the accessibility of The Special Education Service Agency (SESA). If you have specific questions or feedback about this site’s accessibility or need assistance using specific features, please contact us via telephone at (907) 334-1300 or via email at sesa07) 334-1300 or via email at sesa@sesa.org to request a specific electronic format. Please provide us with your contact information, the format you require, the web page address and the location of the content.
We welcome your questions about this accessibility statement and comments on how to improve our website’s accessibility.Atrex
A metal detector where you can decide how advanced the software you will be running. If you are a beginner or you like "turn on and go" products then the recommended mode is "Basic". If you require full control of the device then the recommended mode is "Advanced". The Atrex comes preloaded with "Advanced" software, "Basic" is downloadable from the website and can be changed yourself thanks to the built-in WiFi module.
Multifilter - a function working "in the background" of the detector's normal operation. Significantly increases the effectiveness of the detection of non-ferrous metal objects in highly mineralised soils.
Water Reject - neutralisation the influence of water (salty as well as fresh) on the process of object detection thanks to two freqencies working simultaneously. With Atrex, you can walk on wet beaches, swamps and peat bogs just like you would on dry sand.
Electromagnetic interference preview screen - from now on, choosing the operating frequency will be easier.
The new color display is very little susceptible to the effects of low temperature and always works just as fast.
A new wireless receiver will work with Atrex.
.png)
SPECIFICATIONS
ADVANCED SOFTWARE (factory)
BASIC SOFTWARE (downloadable)
MANUAL
WARRANTY
CONTENTS
Nicklas Grossmann has had his name misspelled since 2006 because he didn't want to complain #Flyers
Message Boards
George Prax 2012-03-09 11:59
What's in a name? For Philadelphia Flyers defenseman Nicklas Grossmann, it's an extra.
George Prax 2012-03-01 12:00
#AssassinsCreed 3 looks like it will take place during the American Revolution. This looks freaking amazing. #Games #BetterWithPopcorn
Trending
Gaming TSNPunOfTheDay Devils Bruins Pens Television Review Canucks Islanders highlight of the week Caption contest TheCheckingLine Preds BlueJackets Isles BetterWithPopcorn Shanhammer OffTopic StanleyCup Hockey Jersey Fouls Predators Movies Islanders hot topic Sabres RedWings NHL Games Jets Caps Blues EpicFail TSN Highlight of the week Leafs Kings Sports Habs Flyers caption contest Coyotes Flyers hot topic Videogames Rangers Ducks Sens Entertainment NHLPunOfTheDay Hot topic Flyers Blackhawks AllStarGame
Remember Niklas Kronvall? That was a visa problem and it was spelled like that all the time, except on his jersey had a WAt Sensiple, we provide IT services that can transform a business for the better. You can choose from an array of services and solutions that would be best for your business; this includes IT consulting, staffing and services, and customized software solutions. Our services are specific to Capital Markets, Contact Centers, Artificial Intelligence and automation, and Digital Enterprise sectors. With us, you can have
- Higher customer satisfaction and adoption rate
- Services at par with industry standards
- 24X7 support services on implemented solutions
- Highly agile and scalable IT services
- Highly cost-efficient services
We leverage ITIL-based proprietary components, including a global Agile framework, service catalog framework, and integrated Process Repository for IT Infrastructure Services Excellence to standardize processes and streamline service delivery.
Furthermore, we assure you operational excellence with our IT infrastructure skills and a ready pool of certified talents. We aim to provide business transformation with the help of IT to ensure real-time support. Sensiple focuses on understanding its customers' needs and providing the correct value and time for IT services & solutions. Through rising and outperforming their competition, we believe in the success of our customers.Hy Power App Community I'm sohail I have a requirement I want to add End User License Agreement into My Canvas.
What is the Procedure of EULAs term and conditions ? where Agree content goes after submitting the form?
Thanks in Advance
Regards,
Sohail
You must be a registered user to add a comment. If you've already registered, sign in. Otherwise, register and sign in.- Write a review
Laufenn S Fit EQ
Reviews
Dangerous in the wet
Very quite and fairly priced, well when used on dry roads. Absolutely woeful on a wet road, can’t go round a round about at more than 20kph without traction control cutting in. The most dangerous tire I’ve ever had the misfortune of buying, pulling them off at just 5000km to go back to bridge stones, DO NOT BUY!
Purchased in February 2020 at JAX Tyres.
-.3.5 inch uart tft lcd serial tft display RS232, 320x240 pixels,
P/N: MLT035H6-2
Outline: 91.0*63.9*11.6 mm
Viewing area: 70.08*52.56 mm
Want to know more products and price details, contact us now, email : [email protected]
Our serial TFT LCD provide a easy solution for make a display between human and machine, with serial interface tft, you could communicate to the MCU only via 2 data lines, save the I/O pins of CPU. And prevent users to avoid the hassle of wiring.
MCU UART interface:
RS232 to PC and PLC, transmission distance up to 10m.
By use our smart serial uart tft lcd, design a GUI would be a easy and relax thing, just simply upload the picture or GUI through USB port or U disk,, you could make what you see by what you make only by the one or two line instruction code, and can save 90% time in your development phase.
Our serial displays have faster speed for image uploading than other Nextion display.
It is smart tft lcd and could be applied to Internet of thing (IoT) or industrial electronics field. It is the best solution to replace the traditional tft LCD module.
Products features:
* Support interface: USB/UART(TTL:3.3V)/RS232/RS485/RS422
* Color: 16M color
* Fonts: In-built ASCII font, Chinese (GB2312,BIG5), Korean(HANGUL), Japanese(S-JIS).
* Font size: Half/full width: 8*16/16*16, 12*24/24*24,16*32/32*32, the font and sizes could be selected through instruction selection.
* 2D graphics(point, line, circle, ellipse, curve, rectangle) drawing function
* Built in memory, support 128MB-2GByte or external SD card, can be accessed directly through the U disk and user interface.
* Built in file management system, support U disk and computer communication
* Support JPG,BMP,TGA,PNG format image files directly decode and display, and to support the zoom pictures, Large capacity image buffer, may realize the animation display.
* Support ID identification, can realize cascade control
* Support U disk mode connected to computer
* Operating voltage: 5.0V or 3.3V
* Compatible with Raspberry Pi A+, B+ and Raspberry Pi 2.
Example for display picture through U-disk:
1. Store the picture in U-disk
2. Calling code:
3. Display result in serial HMI smart LCD
As simple as a piece of cake
Example setting to make background to non transparent:
Software Library table:
Our smart HMI TFT includes a hardware part (a series of TFT LCD module) and a software, no need editor, The TFT module uses only one serial port to communicate. As a solution to save development time, Our smart display software has mass components such as button, text, progress bar, slider, instrument panel etc, as easy than nextion editor. to enrich the interface design. Furthermore, the drag-and-drop function ensures that users spend less time in programming, reduce 90% of development workloads. With the help of the software instruction, designing a GUI is a very easy thing.
It's easy to use smart HMI TFT LCD to replace existing projects. Such as monochrome lcd with serial interface, it is as smart tft as you need.
Inquiry Us Now for more price discount!
Tel: +86-755-27205930 / 36613676
Add: No.615,C Zone,Mingyou Purchasing center,Baoyuan Road,Baoan District,Shenzhen,ChinaRowing Boat Repairs and Services
The sport of rowing can be tough on equipment. And accidents happen. When things wear out, or your boat is involved in an accident, Race1 can help. Here are some of our most common repairs.
Accident repair
When you have an accident - whether from a drop, rigger impact or boat collision - Race1 can repair your boat in no time.
Total refurbishment
If you have an ageing boat in your fleet, but it is still a strong hull, it is often worth a refurbishment service. This is when we strip the whole boat back, check and refit it where necessary with new fittings. We’ll repair or replace any damaged parts of the hull and repaint the shell with a gleaming gelcoat. Your boat will be (almost) as good as new!
Historic Restoration of Wooden Boats
Race 1 has been building quality racing boats since the days of wooden rowing craft. When you have a rare and valuable piece of history to restore, Race 1 can provide the experience and know-how!
Gelcoat repair
Sometimes you will just want the exterior surface of your racing shell re-coated.
Rigging
Rigging setup is included with the delivery of every new boat, however you can take advantage of our expert boat rigging skills for any of your boats.
Decking & Canvas repair
The decking areas of boats sometimes wear out and become flexible. This is bad for boat speed as it can affect the stiffness of the shell as a whole. If you leave these too long you can find they crack or give way completely. The canvas (the upper section closing the boat towards the bow) can become worn or damaged over time, especially during transport to regattas. Race1 can fix this for you.
Stripes and names
We add racing stripes and boat names.
For more information or to book your boat into the workshop please contact usShock at death of keen keep-fit lawyer who was adviser to Orange Order
The death of a staunchly-unionist lawyer from a suspected heart attack has shocked those who knew him – particularly since he was so keen on fitness and exercise.
David Brewster, a lawyer from the Limavady area, is remembered fondly by former political colleagues from both the main unionist parties, following his death on Wednesday.
Mr Brewster, who was thought to have been aged in his 50s, was formerly a member of the UUP but left the party sometime around two decades ago.
Ulster Unionist councillor Norman Hillis told the News Letter that he had been a “charismatic” character, who was involved in unionist politics since his youth – albeit more behind-the-scenes than as a public face of the party.
Adlerman Hillis said: “He was, from his university days, someone of strong unionist convictions. He was connected with the loyal orders and was a well-known personality around Limavady – and as far as I’d be concerned he’s a loss to the town.”
UUP colleague Richard Holmes said he had been a leader of the Queen’s University Young Unionists’ Society in the early 1990s, helped lead the Limavady area constituency association, and “was regarded as someone with a lot of future potential”.
He was at one stage thought of as a potential successor to Willie Ross (UUP MP for East Londonderry until 2001).
“He was an outstanding talent in the local party at the time,” said councillor Holmes.
But whilst seen as a political “high-flier” in waiting, councillor Holmes added: “Things didn’t work out that way.”
He was associated more with the anti-1998 Agreement side of the UUP, and ended up parting ways with the party in the years that followed.
He was also “very much into keep fit – he’d been doing a lot of running the last few years,” councillor Holmes added.
This was echoed by Aaron Callan (who, like the previous two councillors, also sits on the Causeway Coast and Glens authority).
A former UUP man, councillor Callan later switched to the DUP.
He told the News Letter: “He was into weightlifting, boxing, would’ve gone walking and running. He just liked to keep fit.
“[His death] was a complete shock. It just came completely out of the blue.”
He said Mr Brewster, after quitting the UUP, “nominally” joined the DUP – but did not actually go to any meetings.
He had also penned a recent book about the history of Orangism in the Limavady area, the proceeds of which were to go to the Drew Nelson Legacy Fund, was a firm follower of Limavady FC, and was secretary of Bellarena NoSurrender Apprentice Boys Club.
“He was full of life and full of ideas,” said councillor Callan.
He was Worshipful Master of Aghanloo True Blues LOL656, as well as “a Deputy Grand Master and legal advisor to the Grand Lodge of Ireland”.
Read more from this reporter:
Click here: Abortion: Westminster warns it is ready to intervene again over full access in NIPatients often underestimate how dangerous high blood pressure can be – plenty of people just don’t take it very seriously. But they should.
According to research, high blood pressure is one of the leading causes of death and disability in the U.S. In fact, it has been estimated that this condition is the primary cause of over 400,000 deaths per year – that amounts to more than 1, 100 deaths per day.
As a pharmacy in Warren Michigan, we are giving you advice on how to keep your blood pressure at bay, especially during times of great stress.
- Get a blood pressure monitor of your own, preferably one where the cuff goes on your upper arm
You can buy this from us at Warren Care Pharmacy. We have all the medical supplies a person needs to control and manage blood pressure. Note: Make sure the cuff is the right size for you – not too tight and not too loose.
- Relax for at least 5 minutes before you take your blood pressure
Make sure that your monitor’s cuff is on your bare skin and not over your clothes.
- Check your blood pressure on different times of the day
Record the such as chest or back pain, shortness of breath, numbness or weakness or difficulty with your vision or speaking, you should call 911 immediately.
Pharmaceutical services in Michigan often include free blood pressure screenings. Ask your local pharmacy the next time you drop by to get your medication.Large vacant lot in beautiful Meadview! Enjoy peace and quiet in this charming town! Minutes from Lake Mead for boating and water fun! Have some desert time with family in your offroad car!! Enjoy the sparking community pool and friendly neighbors! Property is over an acre! Come build you dream retirement home or a special Lake Mead get away!!! Meadview is waiting for you!
Listing courtesy of Rebecca Joy Wagner from Summitts.1098-T Educational Tax Credit
In accordance with IRS regulations, Youngstown State University has made available Form 1098-T. Form 1098-T is provided to assist you in determining your potential education tax credit. If it is important for your parent or others to know this information, and it is your choice for them to know, please forward this email to them. Not all students will receive a 1098-T. Please see the FAQ's at the bottom of this page for further information.
* If you used the "opt in" to the electronic feature your 1098-T can be obtained by:
1. Log in by going to: ysu.edu/viewmybill and scroll to the bottom under "Statements".
2. Click "View" on the latest 1098-T statement link.
3. Select the gear icon to the right of the 1098-T Tax Statement year, and click on the “View” button.
Authorized Users:
The following link must be used by Authorized Users (i.e. parent or guardian) who want to view their student’s 1098-T.
Please note that Authorized Users must be set up online by the student under the “My Profile Setup” heading in the Bill and Payment Suite.
* If you did not opt into receiving the form electronically the form is being mailed to your mailing address on file.
Please note that it is the student’s responsibility to make sure the name and social security number on the 1098-T is the same as the information on file with the IRS. If your name is not correct you can request a change by filling out the name change form* and following the directions on the form:
Per IRS regulations, an institution may elect to report either report payments received for qualified tuition and expenses in Box 1 or the amount that each student was billed in Box 2. YSU reports amounts billed for qualified tuition and related expenses in Box 2 and does not use Box 1. In Box 5, YSU is required to report the amount of any scholarships and grants which were processed as payments on your account.
Answers to some Form 1098-T FAQ’s are provided on the Bursar website and below. Specific questions regarding amounts reported in Box 1 or Box 5 on Form 1098-T may be referred to the Office of University Bursar (330) 941-3142. Please note that YSU staff is not permitted to provide tax advice.
For additional information on educational tax benefits, please visit the IRS website (link is external).
Please note that this link has been provided for informational purposes only and is not intended as tax advice. To determine how this information may apply to your individual circumstance, please contact your tax professional.
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ’S) Form 1098-T
What are education tax credits?
Various types of tax credits are available, including Lifetime Learning Credit and Hope Credit (to be renamed American Opportunity Tax Credit beginning in tax year 2009). Unfortunately, the Bursar office is not permitted to offer tax advice to students or parents. For information regarding your potential tax credit eligibility, please contact an income tax professional or visit the following IRS website: Tax Benefits for Education: Information Center (link is external)
What is a 1098-T form?
The 1098-T form is an IRS form that is provided by the University to assist students and parents in determining whether or not they might be eligible for education tax credits. When will I receive my 1098-T form? For the students who elected to receive the form electronically, it is available now. Please go to, and follow the instructions listed above. All others will be mailed by January 31, 2018. Please make sure that your address information is current and correct.
Why didn’t I receive my 1098-T form?
If you haven’t received your 1098-T form by the 2nd day of February, it is possible that you may fall into an “exception” group for which the University is not required to provide this form. Such “exceptions” include students whose qualified tuition and related expenses are entirely waived or paid entirely with scholarships and grants, are paid entirely by a governmental entity, such as the Department of Veterans Affairs, or who are enrolled in courses for which academic credit is not offered (for example, Educational Outreach courses). If you do not fall into one of these “exception” categories, and believe that you are entitled to receive a 1098-T form, please check the ysu.edu/viewmybill,( instructions provided above) to verify that a 1098-T was issued for you. Also check your current address; if you have moved and not updated your address information your 1098-T form may have been mailed to the wrong address. You may also reprint the form from this website.
Can I obtain a duplicate copy of my 1098-T form?
Yes, you can if you "opt in" to receiving the form electronically, You may view and/or print your 1098-T form (for the current or prior year) via the ysu.edu/viewmybill instructions listed above. If a 1098-T form does not exist on the site, it is possible that you may fall into one of several “exception” groups for which the University is not required to provide a 1098-T. These include, but are not limited to, students whose qualified tuition and related expenses are entirely waived or paid entirely with scholarships and grants or a governmental entity (such as the Department of Veterans Affairs), or who are enrolled in courses for which academic credit is not offered, such as Outreach courses.RSA Films
Mon, 13 May 2019 16:12:13 GMT
RSA Films Amsterdam announces the signing of director Ayse Altinok to its roster.
Ayse is a multi award-winning director, with over 10 years as a senior creative at Wieden+Kennedy and is currently writing two film scripts. She has directed work for Cuervo, Nike, Boots and Lumene.
Ross Plummer, managing director, commented: "Ayse gets advertising but that’s not what makes her great. She has more soul than most directors out there and it shows in her story-telling. You’re really made to feel something, and that is important in entertainment and narrative."
Says Ayse Altinok: "I am joining RSA because of its quality of production, its craft and its dedication to art and film. I feel most of the RSA productions are fearless in terms of the process. There is a sense of courage. When I spoke to Ross Plummer I felt that here there will be space for me to explore and develop different formats of work, and that is so exciting. Coming from a complex background of art, performance, graphic design, advertising and film I saw a great opportunity to mould this all into one creative path with RSA."view more - Hires, Wins & BusinessRSA Films, Mon, 13 May 2019 16:12:13 GMTRunning around in open-toed shoes this summer is a must, which is why we love this DIY Foot Mask! It has a rich blend of spices which are all circulation boosters and mild stimulants that will help increase blood flow and sooth tired feet! Check it out, your tootsies will thank you!
Ingredients:
1/2 cup whole oats
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper
4 tablespoons warm water
1 teaspoon olive oil
1 tablespoon honey
1 tablespoon fresh ginger, grated
4 drops SkinOwl Argan Infusion Oil (or your favorite essential oil)
Instructions:
Using a food processor, grind the oats to a fine powder. Transfer to a medium-size bowl, add the remaining ingredients, and stir until blended into a thick paste.
Prepare two warm, wet washcloths or hand towels, either by wetting them and placing them in the microwave for one to two minutes or.
Source: Whole LivingThe third Knit For Kids Sweater is almost half-way done! It takes me quite a while to get these worked up just because about half-way I lose my enthusiasm with that darn stockinette stitching. I’m combatting that this time by working on it at my craft group twice a month. It stays in my car and only comes out for those occasions. Which doesn’t help with speed, but keeps me from tucking it in a drawer and forgetting it. If it’s all I’ve got with me to work on for four hours than it will get worked on. Or that’s the idea anyway. 🙂
The first Knit For Kids sweater was blue, the second was pink, after this green one I think it’ll be time to ship them off to find their way to their new homes. And guess what happens after that?! Yep! I get to pick a new charity to create projects for! Whoo hoo! So far all the projects I’ve done have been knitting. These sweaters and some scarves for Handmade Especially For You. Maybe this next project will be a sewing one…hmmm. Any recommendations for me?
Be sure to hop over and see what’s happening in so many other creative spaces!(Published - 19 June 2019)
On Tuesday the University of the Western Cape (UWC) and the Western Cape SABC signed a historic partnership agreement. The provincial broadcaster will assist the UWC Media Society - a student driven initiative - to enhance the student experience by developing media and broadcasting skills.
The Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), signed at the UWC Bellville campus, will give UWC Media Society students opportunities to learn from professionals working for various platforms including radio, TV and digital media.
The student driven UWC Media Society is comprised of three streams - print, radio and television. The partnership between UWC, SABC Western Cape and Goodhope FM will include on-the-job observation in newsrooms and radio studios.
Deputy Vice-Chancellor: Student Development and Support, Professor Pamela Dube, said the University and the UWC Media Society are very excited about the partnership with the public broadcaster. “The SABC will help equip students with the skills and expertise, with content packaging, news, entertainment and information. The students will also have the opportunity to experience newsrooms and the various roles and responsibilities, particularly in radio, TV broadcast media and digital media,” Prof Dube said.
“The SABC will also help our students to set up our campus radio studio and provide guidance and training on how to use the equipment, especially in the digital age. We are looking forward to walking this journey with the SABC, and we are counting on their expertise since they will be taking students on site for observation and coaching. Included in the MoU is a partnership with Goodhope FM, but also so much more.”
SABC Provincial General Manager, James Shikwambana, said the SABC is excited about this new partnership and that it is ready to start working with the students. “The SABC Western Cape can’t wait to help with the setting up of the campus radio station. As the biggest roleplayer in the industry we are excited and are happy to help. This is a journey that we are looking forward to start,” Shikwambana said.
UWC Media Society’s Onke Qhoyi, the sports editor for the student newspaper platform, is excited about the partnership. He is particularly interested in learning about the radio and television industries.Home Editors' Picks Budget delay seen to hurt recovery
Budget delay seen to hurt recovery
By Charmaine A. Tadalan, Reporter
and Kyle Aristophere T. Atienza
A DELAY in the passage of the 2021 national budget will likely hobble the Philippine economy’s recovery, as a reenacted budget will prevent the release of much-needed funds for the pandemic response and infrastructure projects, economists said.
Socioeconomic Planning Secretary Karl Kendrick T. Chua said a reenacted budget could risk the country’s economic recovery next year as it forces the government to spend less.
“A reenacted budget means using the 2020 budget, which is not COVID-responsive. It is also some 9 to 10% lower, so will not help much in our (economic) recovery,” Mr. Chua said in a Viber message.
The government allocated P4.5 trillion for its 2021 spending plan, with around P1.1 trillion set aside for infrastructure projects that it hopes will fuel economic recovery.
The virus-hit Philippine economy slumped by a record 16.5% in the second quarter and is expected to contract between 4.5% to 6.6% this year. Economic managers expect gross domestic product (GDP) to grow by 6.5-7.5% next year.
The House of Representatives on Tuesday approved on second reading the 2021 national budget, but suspended sessions until Nov. 16 amid a leadership squabble. House leaders earlier committed to approving the budget bill by mid-October.
Due to this delay, senators said it is likely the government will operate under a reenacted budget in early 2021. The spending plan for this year stood at P4.1 trillion.
“A scenario of a reenacted national budget in 2021 may definitely lead to slower economic growth and reduced government spending especially on infrastructure, which is a key priority/pillar in the economic recovery program,” Michael L. Ricafort, chief economist of the Rizal Commercial Banking Corp. (RCBC), said in an e-mail.
Management Association of the Philippines (MAP) President Francis E. Lim said there should be no delays to the passage of the 2021 budget, “which is even more critical now given the need to mitigate the impact of the current crisis.”
“The situation reminds us of the 2019 national budget, the enactment of which was delayed due to the impasse between the Senate and the House of Representatives. As a result, our GDP grew only 5.6% in the first quarter of 2019, much lower than the 6.5% growth recorded during the same period of 2018,” Mr. Lim said in a statement.
This brought the country’s GDP growth at 5.9% for the full year 2019, the slowest in eight years.
RCBC’s Mr. Ricafort noted the GDP growth in 2019 would have settled at 7%, if the national budget was passed on time.
“(The) timely approval… will be important especially at this crucial time and situation to support funding for various COVID-19 programs and other government spending especially for infrastructure and other government projects that are needed most to further improve economic recovery prospects and, more importantly, also provide assistance for the hardest-hit/most vulnerable sectors,” Mr. Ricafort said.
The European Chamber of Commerce of the Philippines (ECCP) said lawmakers should approve the national budget in time, as the country faces economic and social challenges due to the pandemic.
“We trust that the Philippine government will prioritize the common good, and restore confidence of foreign investors in the country amidst uncertainties,” the ECCP told BusinessWorld.
Aside from the budget, the ECCP said Congress should prioritize the passage of the Accelerated Recovery and Investments Stimulus for the Economy (ARISE) bill, amendments to the Public Service Act, Retail Trade Act, and Foreign Investment Act.
“The swift passage of these measures will not only enhance business resiliency especially for heavily-affected industries and MSMEs, but also accelerate economic recovery through job generation and increased competitiveness,” ECCP said.
Meanwhile, Presidential Spokesperson Harry L. Roque, Jr. said Malacañang may call for a special session of Congress if needed to prevent the delay in the passage of the national budget.
“The House Speaker said it will be approved on final reading on Nov. 16, so I think there is enough time… If really needed, after Dec. 14, we may call for a special session,” he said during a briefing on Thursday.
Senator Panfilo M. Lacson, vice chairman of the finance committee, urged the House to resume session within the month even after House Speaker Alan Peter S. Cayetano insisted the suspension will only lead to a one-day delay in the passage of the national budget.
“It,” Mr. Lacson said in a statement.
Mr. Cayetano has promised the House will approve the budget bill on third and final reading on Nov. 16, giving the Senate little time to finalize their version and hold plenary debates.
“I also told him the senators… need at least one week to study the House version and submit to the mother committee our reports. Another week will be needed for the finance committee to consolidate everything and file its committee report. In doing so, we can start floor debates immediately after we resume session on Nov. 16, or even before that,” Mr. Lacson said.
Senate President Vicente C. Sotto III, for his part, asserted the deferment of the budget’s third reading approval until Nov. 16 will mean a month-long delay.
“Do not be misled, the (House) has delayed the budget for a whole month. No one can ever blame the Senate for this delay,” he said in a social media post.
Should Congress fail to submit the budget in time for President Rodrigo R. Duterte’s signature by the end of the year, this would be the second time the administration will be operating on a reenacted budget.Case Study: Branding Refresh for a NJ Craft Beer Brewery
“We’re piloting our brand alongside a creative firm that’s very
quickly become a group of friends.”
– Blake Crawford and Michael Roosevelt,
co-founders and owners of Alementary Brewing Company
Client: Alementary Brewing Company, a craft beer brewery in Hackensack, NJ.
Challenge: Alementary Brewing operates in a crowded and growing market with a lot of local New Jersey competition. The brewery is known and respected for its flagship beer, Hackensack Lager, and two others that comprise its three leading beers. However, given the competition for shelf space in the region’s supermarkets and liquor stores, and the strong name recognition of other local craft breweries, Alementary’s principals engaged Rapunzel Creative Marketing for rebranding and updated sales materials to support its sales team and marketing efforts.
Strategy: The Rapunzel team undertook a full competitive analysis, conducted interviews with the sales team, and did in-store and customer research to find out consumer sentiment about Alementary’s varieties vis-à-vis other craft beers, understand the local craft beer market, and provide guidance to the owners about brand positioning.
Rapunzel then held a branding workshop with the client, which looked at brand attributes, unique selling propositions (USPs), the brand mission statement, and a review of the brand logo and tagline.
As part of the review, it became evident that the owners’ backstories–significant careers as a chemical engineer and a molecular biologist–was not reflected in an obvious way. Although the product logo is a rendering of an atom and the former tagline alluded to science (“drinking for science”), it did not tie together in the branding.
“Their shared passion for the science of craft brewing is what led them to start the company when they realized they couldn’t find good beer in the area. However, the existing sales materials did not tell this story or convey their self-proclaimed “geekiness” about bringing microbiology to the craft beer fermentation and production process,” said Lynn Gregorski, president of Rapunzel Creative. “They are all about creating products that speak to their mission of delivering “real beer” taste with contemporary flavor profiles; our goal was to deliver branding and marketing materials that reflect that.”.
Marketing Deliverables:
Out of that workshop, the Rapunzel team developed an updated brand positioning statement, a new “elevator pitch,” and a revised tagline, “Better Drinking Through Science,” that better supports the owners’ scientific approach to craft beer brewing. In addition, the Rapunzel designers refreshed the logo in several key ways:
- We changed the typeface used for the company name to something bolder and more modern.
- We altered how the word mark sits in relation to the atom artwork to help it stand out more readily.
- We made the atom artwork bolder so it is more prominent on the labels (and the market shelf).
“We’re becoming bolder and more daring, but we’re still not jumping on fads.
We’re pushing hard on creativity. We’re owning the geeky cool vibe…”
Before
After
Cans Feature the New Logo
The new positioning provided the framework for updated sales cards requested by the sales team to bring on sales calls to beer distributors and local establishments. One card was written and designed for Hackensack Lager (a multiple-award-winning beer) and another for all three of the flagship brews (Hackensack Lager, A-Game and Random Placement of Things). The new distributor cards feature fresh artwork with the new logo and tagline, descriptive copy that succinctly encapsulates the taste profile while also reflecting the science behind the beers, and provides relevant statistics about each beer.
Delighted branding clients
Blake Crawford and Michael Roosevelt, co-founders and owners of Alementary Brewing Company, recently shared their rebranding experience on the brewery’s blog, which is excerpted…”
They also told us that “The feedback from our team and our customers is universally positive. Everyone “gets it” right away and immediately identifies the beers with Alementary without being told the logo is new. It’s a very natural evolution that’s gotten people excited about the brand again, which is what we wanted.”
Rapunzel Creative also provided guidance to the client about building its overall sales around the three flagship brews, by generating higher sales lift on those by building greater market presence and awareness of them.
Are you looking to build your brand’s market presence with fresh brand positioning and marketing collateral? Contact Rapunzel Creative to set up a marketing consultation.When Yamaha released the MT-09 (FZ-09 in the USA) in 2013 it really set the cat among the pigeons. It was a light, powerful and competitively priced machine that was powered by a brilliant inline triple engine. Ultimately it was somewhat flawed though with poor fueling and marshmallowy front suspension. Thankfully the special edition MT-09 Sport Tracker is the motorcycle the original MT-09 should have been.
The visual changes to the MT-09 Sport Tracker don’t consist of too many parts but they really do change the appearance of it from the original. While Yamaha describes its looks as being “scrambler-inspired”, it looks like a cross between a dirt bike and a flat tracker with its front and side number plates and flat seat. Additional changes include a shortened front fender (with aluminium stays) and pads on the side of the tank. To our eyes, it looks somewhat awkward and doesn’t completely work together as a whole.
The quality of the finish certainly can’t be frowned upon though. The seat is a highlight with your derriere treated to a two-tone scheme featuring a brown leather top with black Alcantara-look sides. The frame and bodywork is also treated to a really high quality matte finish which makes the bike look much more expensive than it actually is. Our unit was fitted with the aftermarket high slung Akropovic system which definitely works better visually than the standard under slung exhaust does.
What hasn’t changed with this special edition is the 847cc inline triple and thank goodness for that. This engine is still one of the best units available today and the fact you can ride a motorcycle for such a bargain price that has this engine is fantastic. But unlike before, that power can be so much better applied due to the fact that throttle response is no longer jerky – no need to fear you’re going to accidentally power into cliff face due to the previously erratic fueling.
The front suspension is shared between the standard MT-09, but for some reason it doesn’t come across nearly as poorly from what we can remember. Part of that we think is the slightly modified ergonomics for the MT-09 Street Tracker. The flatter seat and wider pegs transforms the seating position ever so slightly – just enough to provide better feel as to what’s happening up front and better control of it too.
Perhaps it’s all in our heads but regardless, the Sport Tracker feels a whole lot more composed than its donor bike.
As already mentioned, we rode the MT-09 Sport Tracker that included the optional high slung Akropoic exhaust. It does sound great but it is loud. Loud enough that on long rides, the sound of it began to really fatigue us. It does emit a glorious note that begs you to blip the throttle on downshifts, but we’d recommend wearing earplugs on longer stints. Give your neighbors plenty of flowers and chocolates to smooth things over as well.
Otherwise, the Yamaha MT-09 Sport Tracker remains true to the original. It’s fast, it’s brash, it’s an absolute blast to ride. This was already a bit of a hooligan machine and now its looks match its attitude.
The Sport Tracker is officially only available in Europe and costs £7,899.00 in the UK. For those in Australia and North America, dealerships can build you a Sport Tracker using Yamaha’s aftermarket accessories – which also means you can convert your existing MT-09 into a Sport Tracker if you so desire.This year the Moreland Hills Police Department will be participating in the Annual Shop with a Cop program. Unfortunately, due to COVID 19 protocols, there will not be a shopping event with other police agencies. However, we still want to help those in need of assistance this holiday season.
If you would like to donate, you can do so in two different ways. Donations by check can be made to FOP Lodge #67 or to MHPD – Shop with a Cop. Raffle tickets can be purchased as well. ($1.00 per ticket or $5.00 for 6). The raffle prizes are:
All donations need to be received by December 4. If you are interested in purchasing raffle tickets or making a donation, please contact lt. Todd Dietzel at 440-287-5099.
Thank you for your continued generosity.Finding smoking guns in BlackBerry Inc.'s demise has become something of a cottage industry, but the question of whether emerging markets could have been a stronger lifeline for the ailing firm is bolstered by a look at Google Trends. Even with all the frenzy over its imminent sale, users searching the term "BlackBerry" over the past 90 days have been coming predominantly from cities such as Jakarta, Santo Domingo, Lagos and Surabaya, Indonesia – Toronto ranks a distant seventh on the list.
Google Trends also shows that the fastest-rising searches include "q5 blackberry" (300 per cent), though that one was outpaced by "bbm android" (400 per cent), "blackberry messenger android" (350 per cent), the latter two referring to news that the company will make its BlackBerry Messenger (BBM) service available on other mobile phone platforms.
Is it too late for BlackBerry to refocus on emerging markets, if some investor decides to extend them a lifeline? Probably. Though a Foreign Policy post cites such encouraging reports as a survey in South Africa's Sunday Times, conducted as recently as May, 2013, that reported BlackBerry remains the coolest brand among young people, Reuters has a much more damning indictment of the company's performance in Indonesia. One retailer in Jakarta said he expects the release of BBM for Android to benefit Samsung and other Android devices, and an executive at Indosat, one of the country's major carriers, asserted that rather than pick up on the expensively priced Z10, most BlackBerry users carry a second-hand model along with another smartphone.
It seems unlikely that investors joining Fairfax's consortium will want BlackBerry to take another run at a consumer market, even one where the brand remains strong, so for now, file this under "What could have been."Colombia election: Farc fails to win support in first national vote
- Published
Colombia's conservative parties, which oppose the 2016 peace deal with Farc rebels, have won most votes in the country's elections.
Sunday's vote was the first in which the former left-wing guerrillas, now a political party, took part.
The Democratic Centre party of ex-president Álvaro Uribe's won most seats but fell well short of a majority.
The Farc performed poorly, as expected, but is guaranteed seats by the agreement.
It received just 0.5% of the total number of votes - but will receive five seats in each of the two chambers of parliament.
Polling was reported to be peaceful. In previous years Senate, and 33 in the lower house of representatives.
But the results were fragmented, with no party achieving more than 16% of the vote. The three largest conservative parties together have won 50 of the Senate's 102 seats.
But the strong performance of Mr Uribe's party is indicative of the divided attitudes in the country.
Correspondents say the results do not mean that the deal will be reversed, but its implementation could be delayed.
The five decades of conflict between the Farc and Colombia's government killed more than 220,000 people.
Many Colombians felt that the ex-rebels should have been held accountable for crimes rather than given political influence.
Also on Sunday, Colombians selected candidates in the presidential primary elections, choosing those who will vie to replace the architect of the peace process, President Santos..St. Anthony Schools
Below is a listing of all the schools in St. Anthony, ID. To get more information about a particular school use the map and filter the schools you would like to see more information on, or you can simply browse the school listings below.
City Rating (FAQ)
City Rankings on State Standardized Tests
St. Anthony Census
- Population: 3,342
- Predominant Race: White (84%)
- Predominant Language: English (87%)
- Median Household Income: $31,023
Schools Summary:
- Schools: 10
- Students: 1,714
- Full-Time Equivalent Teachers: 97
Select School Filters:
Public
Charter
Private
Preschools Elementary Middle High Other
Navigation
Can't Find What You Are Looking For?
City Information
- Public Schools
- Total Schools: 10
- Traditional Schools: 6
- Alternative Schools: 4
- Number of Title I Schools: 5
- Number of Students: 1,714
- Full-Time Teachers: 97
Nearby Cities
School Districts
Get School Listings On Your Site
- The Widget Offers:
- - Searching By City or Zip
- - Public & Private Schools
- - School Ratings & Grades
- - Simple Embedding Code
-
- Great For:
- - Real Estate Blogs
- - Education or School Blogs
- - School Websites
Far
Abstract
Anomaly detection identifies unusual patterns or items in a dataset. The anomalies identified for system logs will signify critical points to help debug system failures and perform root cause analysis. Various system logs are crucial sources to uncover meaningful information on a system condition. Typically, system administrators do manual review using keyword search or rule matching. However, the size of the logs keeps increasing making it a difficult and time-consuming effort to be undertaken manually. Machine learning has been widely used for anomaly detections. In this paper, we reviewed several anomaly detections for system logs using machine learning and discuss emerging research challenges and the opportunities raised from the challenges for network forensics. This paper presents the current research landscape in the area of machine learning and network forensics. It may be beneficial for references to researchers exploring the stated topics.data-v-5f7a4769>
男童
HKD 159 HKD 82Zalora
HKD 159 HKD 103Zalora
HKD 431YOOX
HKD 159 HKD 103Zalora
HKD 1050 HKD 744YOOX
HKD 249Zalora
HKD 159 HKD 119Zalora
HKD 199 HKD 159Zalora
HKD 199Zalora
HKD 199 HKD 159Zalora
HKD 1833YOOX
HKD 3951 HKD 2755Atterley
HKD 1425YOOX
HKD 199 HKD 99Zalora
Best boys’ clothes in Hong Kong!Features
- · Optimized strategic model with cost-effectiveness/functionality/practicality
- · Ultralight and high-stiff cutting bridge
- · Dynamic motion control
- · Space-saving by mounting e-box & resonator onto main frame
- · 21.5" Wide touch screen
- · No need separate room for resonator, temperature/humidity control for resonator
- · High-precision & high-quality cutting capability
- · Available on High-reflection/high-tech material
- · No Alignment / No Service / No Overhaul / No MirrorEI welcomes event sponsorship support for our major fundraising events. Sponsorship opportunities also exist to help experienced teachers who volunteer during the summer months to train teachers in developing countries.
Sponsor EI Major Fundraising Event
Individuals and organizations interested in supporting EI may also do so through event sponsorship. Whether through gifts-in-kind or monetary contribution, supporting EI fundraising efforts is a great way to gain community recognition, as well as additional advertising for your organization!
Sponsor Volunteer Teachers
Looking for a less traditional means of supporting EI’s efforts? How about helping a local teacher travel abroad to train teachers in developing countries! The costs associated with international travel can be staggering. As a result, EI offers the opportunity to assist our volunteer teachers with the costs of flights, meals, lodging, and supplies. If you or your organization has an interest in helping a teacher travel this summer, please contact our office directly.Car.
She has been an FWA member for more than ten years and an active member of the National Executive Committee for the past two years.
Carrie said: “It was first a considerable source of pride simply to be considered for membership of the Football Writers' Association over a decade ago. In the past two years, I have witnessed and been wholly impressed by the drive and determination of Paddy to promote diversity within the FWA and especially among the Executive Committee. Today, I am honoured to have been voted into the role of Chair but accept the position in the knowledge this role should have been taken by our late vice-chair Vikki Orvice.
“Vikki was an early and ever-present support and role model in my career. I will not try to emulate or follow her path but I do hope I can make her and our members proud.”
Paddy Barclay has overseen a huge rise in the number and diversity of members over the past few years, and the FWA now has 430 full members and over 100 student members, as well as a mentoring scheme for young journalists.
Paddy said: “Carrie will continue and enhance the development of the FWA in every sense. She has made a great impact on the organisation in a relatively short time and yet the energy she has put into this crucial contribution to our modernisation is balanced by a respect for history.
“Yes, we have made progress in terms of membership and, within that, diversity. But within the next few years progress will harden into true, undeniable and irrevocable character. Nothing could make me more sure of that than the election of Carrie Brown.”
Also leaving the National Committee after more than 20 years is Mike Collett, the former global editor of football for Reuters. Mike has served the FWA with distinction, not least in researching the history of the association back to its founding fathers in 1947. Just recently Mike sourced a collection of memorabilia from the family of Ivan Sharpe, Chairman for the the FWA's first six years, and handed it over to the National Football Museum, who will have a permanent exhibition space dedicated to the FWA.
Joining the National Committee in their place are three members who demonstrate the association's drive for diversity in terms of age, ethnicity and gender. Alyson Rudd of The Times has been a mainstay of newspaper football coverage for over 20 years, Kelly Cates of Sky and BBC Radiio is a highly-respected broadcaster, and Joel Beya from Cheeky Sport represents the new wave of multimedia journalists in the digital world.
Their recruitment to the National Committee follows that of Sam Cunningham of The I newspaper, Darren Lewis of the Mirror, Jonathan Liew of the Independent and broadcaster Jacqui Oatley, who have all joined in the past year.
You can see Carrie's first interview as Chair of the FWA here:
Tags: AGM, Carrie Brown, mike collett, Paddy Barclay
Many Congratulations on your appointment Carrie Brown – well done !SAN JOSE (CBS SF) — One person was in custody Monday after a stabbing inside San Jose’s Grace Baptist church, housing homeless on a cold night, left two dead and three others seriously injured, authorities said.
San Jose police said that officers responded to a report of a stabbing at Grace Baptist Church on the 400 block of East San Fernando Street at approximately 7:54 p.m.READ MORE: New COVID Variant 'Omicron' Identified; Dow Stocks Tumble More Than 900 Points
When they arrived, officers located five victims suffering from at least one stab wound each. An adult male victim was declared dead at the scene. An adult female victim was transported to a local hospital where she succumbed to her injuries.
Three other adult male victims were transported to local hospitals and were in serious but stable condition Monday.
“We had a very motivated individual that was able to stab five people,” said San Jose Police Sgt. Christian Camarillo. “This isn’t like a shooting. To stab somebody, you have to get up close and personal.”
Investigators said an adult male suspect was in custody. His identity has not been released. The motive and circumstances surrounding the incident were under investigation.
“We’re still investigating a motive, etcetera,” said Camarillo. “Talking to the detectives this morning, they had about 30 witnesses they had to interview and get all their statements.”
Police said the quick response time is the likely reason the three surviving victims were in serious but stable condition.
“There were some brave men and women here last night who went in, along with paramedics, our San Jose Fire personnel, and more than likely probably saved the other three people who are alive this morning,” said Camarillo.
The identity of the deceased victims will be released by the Santa Clara County Coroner’s Office after notifying their next of kin.READ MORE: Woman Arrested After Allegedly Setting Antioch Home On Fire During Domestic Dispute
At the time of the stabbing, there were no religious services underway and the church was housing local homeless as a shelter from a cold night. Located near San Jose Satate University. Grace Baptist typically serves as a 65-bed shelter. During the pandemic, that number has been cut to 50 to allow for social distancing.
The stabbing happened around 7:45 pm, not long after dinner for the unhoused is served.
“They offered dinner at 7:30, like bread and macaroni and cheese and every morning donuts and coffee at 7:15,” said neighbor Aaron Parks.
On Monday, San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo took to social media again.
“Our hearts are torn for the victims and their loved ones in last night’s horrific stabbing at Grace Baptist Church on 10th Street,” he tweeted. “We have lost two community members, and we pray for the recovery of the three others seriously injured in that attack. SJPD has arrested a suspect, who remains in custody. We will keep the community updated as SJPD releases more information.”
The two fatal stabbing victims are the 40th and 41st homicides in San Jose in 2020, police said. According to the San Jose Mercury News, San Jose has soared past the 10-year average of 37 homicides. In 2012, the city recorded 46 homicides with 47 occurring in 2016, which were the city’s highest totals in about 30 years.
Police are asking anyone with information to contact Detective Sergeant Lewis #3161 or Detective Meeker #3272 of the San Jose Police Department’s Homicide unit at (408) 277-5283.
People can also leave anonymous tips by calling the Crime Stoppers hotline at (408) 947-7867.MORE NEWS: Crash In MacArthur Tunnel Blocks All Lanes Of Southbound Highway 1
Emily Turner contributed to this story.Now that huts can make snow-camping unnecessary for backcountry skiing, it may take less skill and vigor to enjoy the winter wilds. Even so, you still need a certain level of skill and strength to travel safely on the trails covered by HutSki.com, and you must know your limits.
Weather can turn the easiest routes into dangerous epics. Illness, injury, or navigation problems can force you into an unplanned bivouac in the snow. What's more, alternate and branch routes run the gamut of winter challenge and risk.
The 10th Mountain, Summit and Braun hut system trails travel to and from cozy shelters; but these are full-bore treks, not "day trips." To ski any of these routes you could have to break trail in deep powder and navigate with zero visibility all at altitudes over 8,000 feet. Thus, no route covered here is an easy backcountry trail, no such thing exists! In other words, to safely enjoy any trail or tour covered by this website you should be at least an intermediate level backcountry skier to enjoy these trails without a guide.
And what to do if you're a novice backcountry skier? Simple, travel with more experienced friends or hire a guide.
HutSki.com Route Ratings
Intermediate backcountry skiers can use a strong snowplow for downhill skiing control. They can change direction with a parallel or telemark turn, though they may not be highly skilled in downhill skiing. They have done long tours with at least 2,000 feet of elevation gain, at altitudes over 8,000 feet. Intermediates know how to use a topographic map, compass, and altimeter. They have plenty of first-aid knowledge, and carry and know how to use bivouac gear. Avalanche safety is more theory than experience for an intermediate, as they need field practice to learn hazard recognition.
Advanced backcountry skiers have all the skills of an intermediate, plus several years experience skiing huts and associated terrain. They have better ski skills than an Intermediate, have first-aid training, and are well versed in emergency conduct. Their orienteering skills are impeccable and include expertise in GPS use. They have the fitness to ski for long days with over 3,000 vertical feet elevation gain. They have taken an avalanche safety course and continue to study avalanche safety.
Expert backcountry skiers combine superb avalanche safety knowledge and climbing skills with expert skiing skills. They have at least eight years of solid experience, and have made the craft of wilderness skiing into a valued avocation. Expert skiers are skilled enough to organize a rescue or act as a guide.
Only a few routes covered here are rated Novice, meaning an inexperienced backcountry skier can do them safely provided they are accompanied by at least one person with a reasonable level of expertise..a beloved uncle from inside the Lord known as Roberto have a large fascination with trucks, specially sports autos, like the Camaro and any model Porsche. Within his indigenous country of Brazil, the guy along with his contacts usually invest a Saturday afternoon test travel new autos at an area car dealership simply for enjoyable. Because a test drive is perhaps all they have been contemplating, they never disappear being concerned about monthly installments, fuel costs or maintenancejust the fun and nothing associated with the obligations involving owning the vehicle regarding desires.
In today s community, particularly in The united states, matchmaking is a lot like examination driving a car where everyday hunters basically
Todays matchmaking is successfully launched while in the sexual change and religious mayhem of this sixties and many in the rules of biblical dating (courtship) rapidly became considerably prominent and less essential in our society. The practice of courtship provided construction which let both sides to make the journey to learn one another before experiencing mental and real entanglements.
Culturally talking, matchmaking has now being merely something you are doing should you decide re unmarried and of age.
While many have it when it comes down to enjoyable and bodily, not everyone is very laid-back about any of it. Most are anxiously looking to see their unique true love or some one whom they think is going to make them pleased and certainly will visit nothing until they ve finally guaranteed her match.
Online supplies a smorgasbord of dating sites for those who are looking to discover their unique big (or perhaps not so considerable) other for connecting with on some stage. In the event that you Google your message matchmaker you will get some 10 million effects, such as numerous geared to Christians. Any time you enter matchmaking, your alternatives build to significantly more than 400 million!
Sadly, study after research indicates that a lot of which state these are typically Christian tend to be after about path right along with the public. Certainly, the Lord is not happy, but rather significantly grieved, by the informal, drive-by dating scene that professing Christians include submerged in sufficient reason for that they is apparently quite comfy.
The Biblical Method Of Relationship
A solitary guy just who preferred sooner or later to get partnered found the latest Annual meeting and asked about the biblical look at online dating, courtship and locating a wife. He provided a large number of their professing Christian family and associates had already gotten partnered along with starred the dating online game until they smack the jackpot and discovered her spouse. I became capable give your that, as believers, we must be careful not to embrace the entire world s tactics and options for internet dating and/or finding a spouse and even though thousands all around us are performing thus.
The Bible produces respected recommendations regarding sincere, careful believer on how to better glorify
the father in almost every area of our lives. Next Timothy 3:16-17 says: All Scripture is provided by motivation of Jesus, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for modification, for training in righteousness, your man of goodness may be total, completely equipped for each and every good work. Therefore, unmarried Christians must turn to the all-sufficient Word of God to find out how best to glorify Him even in this place of their life.
Isn t the calling as solitary Christians about loving goodness and enjoying other people? Shouldn t we possess the brain of Christ even when you are looking at internet dating?
The modern online dating scene affords countless opportunities to fulfill people in the exact opposite intercourse whom might not end up being a possible matrimony lover. The problem is, really overwhelmingly driven by pure crave and self-centeredness and is also frequently psychologically, literally and spiritually harmful to at least one or both sides.
And whenever you appear at they through the lens of Scripture, the basic strategy of how to get a sugar daddy online Sheffield modern matchmaking is completely unbiblical in that it s generally about playing the field to find out what one desires in a partner, looking around to meet all my personal needs and desires, and finding the right people for my situation. В Where may be the Lord in every this?We put in the time examining out things we didn’t see on the previous vacation, and searching for underwear, pantyhose, shoes, and other things Kathy required soon after the misplaced luggage fiasco. There we were, at the Grand Bazaar, Kathy in a pair of my boxer shorts and a T shirt the ship gave her. But we discovered some excellent bargains on knock-offs.
The Millennium set sail for Kusadasi (Ephesus) Turkey in the early afternoon. The subsequent day we arrived in Kusadasi, recognized for its quite substantial ruins at Ephesus. These are the most extraordinary ruins we have ever witnessed, be certain not to skip them when you are in Kusadasi. Cleopatra and Mark Anthony have been vacationers at Ephesus!
We toured a rug manufacturing unit which was actually a rug store. However, they gave a very intriguing presentation on how Turkish rugs are woven and how to establish the good quality of rugs. We noticed a demonstration of a youthful female weaving a rug.
While in Kusadasi we spotted an internet cafe sign and so we went on in. They have been very fired up that we had come in they uncovered their single pc, taped some cardboard to the window to reduce the glare on the screen, and brought us some cokes to drink. Soon after we finished browsing the web we asked how a lot we owed. They mentioned “nothing!” and they wouldn’t permit us pay for anything at all. Odd but exciting and good.
The following day was a day at sea with no stops at any ports. We think about days at sea as our lazy kick-back again and relax component of our cruises. So we “bagged some rays” by the pool and checked out the consume of the day.
The up coming day we arrived in Limasol, Cyprus. Originally we had been intended to go to Haifa Israel, but owing to some Middle East unrest, the destination was modified to Limasol. There was an intriguing castle that we toured, and then we went searching for an web cafe. We identified one particular and did a tiny updating of our web site while we were there. Internet cafe’s can be discovered in most cities and it is truly incredible to see the distinctions. There isn’t really a lot in Limasol.
Our next port of contact was Alexandria Egypt. The port was Huge! There have been quite a handful of sunken ships poking up out of the water as we entered the port…question what that was about? Our ship was greeted with a giant purple carpet and a big band playing songs.
We took the shore tour to the Pyramids, about a three hour bus journey. The buses traveled in convoys with police escorts. I presume it’s an anti terrorist point. The Pyramids have been wonderful! We acquired to in fact climb up on 1 of the pyramids. There ended up also awesome tombs that we toured, and of training course, buying for jewelry and papyrus art.
Our subsequent port of contact was Athens Mediterranean. Considering that we experienced been to Athens just lately we opted not to just take any of the excursions and just went to the Plaka. We located yet an additional Web cafe the place we could update our world wide web internet site.SDC-22 Medium Point & Shoot Digital Camera Case, Black / Grey
Home & Car Charger Kit For iPhone 5 - Includes Home AC Adapter, Car Adapter and a USB Sync Data Cable
Bang & Olufsen HYBJ4061507 Battery Replacement - (Li-Ion, 7.4V, 2200mAh) Ultra Hi-Capacity Battery
Bang & Olufsen Earset 2 Battery Replacement - (Li-Pol, 3.7V, 160mAh) Ultra Hi-Capacity Battery
Roomba 83401 Front Wheel Caster Assembly - Replacement
ULA100AAB Alkaline 100 AA-B.by Miah
Me and my partner have been togeather for 18months, we had lived togeather for a year. We have been recently staying in diffrent towns due to unfortunate cercumstances (our jobs) ever since we have been better and closer than we were while living togeather i had finaly felt that we had connected... Until couple of days ago i found sex messages to and from him, on his IM with a COUPLE (male and feamale) who he has been friends with for years. Heart wrenched all i could do was cry. Next morning i asked if he was happy with me and would he ever do anything to hurt me, he said he was very happy and he wouldnt, i then told him i knew about the messages, photos and ph calls and what they were planing to do next time he saw them. He laughed at me and said its just words to make them happier in thier relationship and that i shouldnt worry and that he would never do any of the things he wrote and said. A week has gone by and we have been acting like it never happend but inside its been chewing me up alive i don't know if i should believe him or not.. I don't know what to do.
Join in and write your own page! It's easy to do. How? Simply click here to return to Signs of Cheating Spouse Forum.Piet Retief Covid Safety Approved Accommodation
Piet Retief in Mpumalanga
Covid-Safety-Approved: We pledge to implement a high standard of hygiene and cleaning protocols to ensure the safest environment possible for our...
- Wi-Fi
- Braai/Barbecue
- On-site Parking
Waterside Lodge
Covid-Safety-Approved: Our property is prepared according to FEDHASA guidelines. Our staff have been trained on COVID-19 preparedness, including...
- Swimming Pool
- Braai/Barbecue
Röhrs Farm Guesthouse
Covid-Safety-Approved: No Mask, NO entry. All rooms have been thoroughly cleaned and will be sanitized after a guest leaves. Breakfast can not...
- Braai/Barbecue...
Basangoma Game Ranch
The 1200 hectare Basangoma Game Ranch is situated in Northern KwaZulu-Natal between Vryheid and Paulpietersburg, and blessed with a moderate climate all...
Piet Retief Reviews
Piet Retief Covid Safety ApprovedAll-in-one access with Shutterstock FLEX.
Get videos, images, and music in one flexible subscription.
0
Stock video
Mid adult woman working with a tablet in a greenhouse
A
By Andersen Ross Production
- Stock footage ID: 1008585475
Video clip length: 00:18FPS: 23.98Aspect ratio: 16:9Signed model release. Standard footage license
Visually similar stock footage
4k00:15Woman gardener work in plant and flower greenhouse care for flowers preparing greenhouse for winter.
4k00:07Farmer or worker with hat looking for camera in front of orange tree. Organic Plantation Concept Video.
4k00:08Happy Asian senior woman do gardening at backyard garden, watering plants, looking at camera, smiling. Handheld, outdoor, medium shot, retired senior lifestyle concept.
4k00:54Close up shot of a senior Asian woman wears red lumberjack shirt, planting lavender, add the soil or fertilizer, firmly presses the soil, watering the plant, hold up the flower pot, and smile.
4k00:16Asian owner woman gardening and working in greenhouse, Small business entrepreneur concept,slow motion
Related stock videos
4k00:24agriculture. smart farming technology. close-up of farmer walk feet in boots with digital tablet walk on green field of grass wheat at sunset. farmer walk agriculture concept
4k00:08Beautiful busy woman entrepreneur in apron sitting in own floral store and talking on smartphone with client. Caucasian male florist typing on tablet while boss speaking on cellphone. Flower shop
4k00:13Farmers typing on a smartphone in a cucumber garden. Take a picture of a cucumber plant. The use of technology in agriculture
4k00:13Agricultural Engineer Holds Tablet Computer Walks Through Industrial Greenhouse with Professional Farmer. They have Productive Discussion. Glasshouse is Big and Bright full of Flowerpots. 4K UHD.
4k00:15Farmer typing on smartphone in Cucumber garden. Close up of man hand using tablet in farm. Agriculture technology
Same model in other videos
Related video keywords
10 seconds or greater30-34 years4k resolutionaccessibilityadults onlybayview farm & gardencaucasiancheckingcomputerconveniencedaytimedigital tabletdolly shotemployeeexaminingfe flower potsflowergarden centergardeninggreen thumbgreenhousegrowthhead scarfhobbiesholdinghorizontalinteriorlifestyleslooking at cameralumberjack shirtmedium close-up shotmedium shotmid multi coloredone mid adult woman onlyone personone woman onlyonly womenplant nurseryplantsportraitpotted plantscrutinysimple livingsmilingtablettechnologytoothy smileusing computerwireless technologyworkingYou are here: okdia.org > pictures > ger kiel week 05
Pictures of Kiel Week 2005
Kiel, Germany, 18th - 21st June
Christian Hartmann
Nick Craig
Thomas Hanson-Mild
Arne Lindemann
Thorsten Schmidt
Thomas on the way in
Nice weather
Coach and Judge
Gautam and Greg
Gautam and Greg
Frustrated Donny van de Beek seeks assurances on standing at Man Utd after latest snub
Holland midfielder was overlooked again against Villarreal and has played fewer minutes on the pitch than at this stage last season
Donny van de Beek will look for assurances of where he stands at Manchester United after his frustration at not playing boiled over during the Champions League victory against Villarreal this week.
The Dutch midfielder, 24, was also overlooked against the same opponents in last season’s Europa League final and was expecting more game time in his second campaign at Old Trafford, rather than one full game in the League Cup and being taken off at half-time against Young Boys.
When Ole Gunnar Solskjaer turned to Fred and Jesse Lingard to chase down a winner against Unai Emery’s team, Van de Beek was consoled by fellow substitutes Eric Bailly and Dean Henderson on the bench before throwing his chewing gum to the floor in anger.
It was another low for United’s £35 million signing from Ajax a year ago, who is inevitably frustrated at never earning the trust of Solskjaer in the big matches and is losing his place in the Holland squad as a result.
United have a situation where Paul Pogba and Lingard are out of contract at the end of the season and should they not extend their deals, Van de Beek would move up the pecking order. However, at the moment his frustration is evident after arriving at the club as a regular while at Ajax.
There was interest in Van de Beek in the summer but United chose to keep him at the club, where he was looking to play more than his four Premier League starts last season following a year of adapting to English football. He still has five years left on his contract - the final season is an option for the club - with his future in the hands of United and Solskjaer.
His only appearance in the Premier League has been five minutes as a substitute after victory was all-but-secured against Newcastle United, with Scott McTominay, Fred and Nemanja Matic all seemingly further up the pecking order heading into this weekend's game against Everton.
Solskjaer could point to his substitutions working against Villarreal as United claimed a dramatic win in stoppage time thanks to Cristiano Ronaldo’s winner. It rescued United from recording just one point from their opening two games of the group, which would have left them with a mountain to climb for the knockout stages.
“It was very important. We knew if we didn't win it would be tough to get to the next stage but now everything is possible and everything is open and we believe we will go through,” said Ronaldo.
“This is why I came back. Because I miss this club a lot. I made history at this club and I want to do it again. I want to say thank you, not only from me but to push the team which this season will be very important. Another chapter.”
Ahead of facing Everton, Luke Shaw was named in the England squad following illness so could be back in contention, while Aaron Wan-Bissaka was suspended for European competition.
David De Gea has also cemented his place back as No 1 after spells out of the team last season. His saves against Villarreal kept United in the game and Solskjaer described him as the best in the world, moving him clear of Dean Henderson after the pair fought for being first-choice last season.FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
IRVINE, Calif. (Nov. 6, 2012) – Paciolan, an industry-leading provider of ticketing, marketing, and fundraising solutions to more than 500 live entertainment organizations, including 105 college athletics institutions, announced today that University of Maryland Athletic Director, Kevin Anderson, will be a keynote speaker at its annual PACnet community conference to be held Feb. 10-13, 2013 at the Newport Beach Marriott Hotel & Spa in Newport Beach, Calif. Anderson will deliver his keynote on Monday, Feb. 11, immediately after opening remarks from Paciolan Founder, Jane Kleinberger and CEO, Dave Butler.
“Paciolan’s PACnet conference provides the perfect interactive forum for both senior executives and operational staff to engage and collaborate with hundreds of their peers for professional growth,” said Kevin Anderson, athletic director for the University of Maryland. “The empowering setting encourages innovation and the development of new strategies that can help athletics and entertainment organizations build revenue and achieve success by leveraging Paciolan’s ticketing, marketing, CRM and fund development tools.”
As athletic director for the University. His leadership skills are also prominent nationally, as he was elected president of the National Association of Collegiate Directors of Athletics (NACDA) in June 2012. He previously served as the vice president of the organization. Anderson was hired in September 2010 as athletics director at Maryland after serving since 2004 in the same post at the U.S. Military Academy.
“We’re honored to have such an accomplished college athletics leader as Kevin Anderson keynote PACnet 13,” said Dave Butler, chief executive officer of Paciolan. “Athletics directors and senior associate ADs bring a wealth of real-world experience and industry best practices to our conferences — proven strategies they openly share with attending organizations to help them achieve success, a central theme for our all our PACnet conferences.”
Last year at PACnet ‘12, Paciolan hosted its largest conference with a record 600 clients, partners and company staff in attendance, a 33 percent increase over 2011. For PACnet ’13, the company intends to break this record with an anticipated increase in attendees, who will participate in educational sessions covering social media and marketing, CRM, ticketing and fundraising — all aimed at helping them sell more and maximize revenue streams. Sessions are uniquely geared to each of the markets the company serves, including college athletics, performing arts, pro sports, museums, and arenas.
###.Is Your Skin Care Regimen Right For Your Skin Type?
10 Juin 2015
certain skin problems, but you’d be surprised at home many women are using products for the wrong skin type.
How do you find out which type of skin you have?
People with normal skin have very few imperfections, no severe sensitivity to products or the seasons, barely visible pores and a radiant complexion.
People with oily skin have enlarged pores, a shiny, thick complexion and blackheads, pimples or other blemishes.
People with dry skin have barely-noticeable pores, a dull and rough complexion, a few red patches, less elasticity and fine lines.
People with combination skin can be dry or normal in some areas, but then really oily in others (usually the T-zone). Some characteristics of this include overly dilated pores, blackheads and shiny skin.
People with sensitive skin often notice redness, itching, burning and dryness on their face.
What regimen should I follow if my skin is…
Normal? If you’re blessed with normal skin, stick to the basics of skincare: washing with a gentle cleanser, exfoliating to remove dead skin, and moisturizing daily.
Oily? Oily skin can get worse based on the weather and stress, so try to stay happy and healthy to avoid those triggers. Be sure to wash your skin no more than twice a day (to prevent over-washing) with a gentle cleanser. Products labeled “noncomedogenic” work well for oily skin types, as they don’t clog pores.
Dry? Dry skin types should take shorter showers to prevent drying out their skin. They need to focus on applying rich moisturizers immediately after showering to absorb into the skin. Ointments and creams have a thicker consistency that work better to penetrate dry skin.
Combination? With combination skin, you’ll need to use different products on the different areas of your face. Follow the directions above for the oily and dry areas as needed.
Sensitive-? If you have sensitive skin, you should use products without fragrance. Sticking to all-natural products helps as well, since they don’t contain the typical irritants like parabens. Exfoliate only once or twice a week since anything more can be too harsh on the skin.Property Attributes
- ID#ML81870507
- TypePending
- CountySAN MATEO
- CityDaly City
- AreaBroadmoor
- Zip94015
- Style
- Price$ 3,650
- Bedrooms3
- Full Bathrooms1
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage1120
- Lot Size5,044 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Owen Savir with Omer Savir, Broker.
Data Source:
MLSListings - 40 - CA
Property Description
This 3-bedroom home in the desirable Broadmoor neighborhood is ready for love! Come home to gleaming hardwood floors and oversized picture windows that bring in abundant natural light! Enjoy indoor lounging by the gorgeous fireplace in the living room, or slide the glass doors open and soak up the sun in the spacious backyard. Never worry about parking - this home comes with a spacious driveway parking and an attached garage. Solar panels are also installed. Full kitchen with tiled flooring, spacious countertops, and generous cabinetry. Prepare feasts with ease with ready-to-use appliances, which include a dishwasher, side-by-side refrigerator, microwave, and oven/range! An adjacent laundry room with a washer and dryer installed is also available to use. The primary bedroom comes with a large walk-in and a sleek private ensuite with a glass-enclosed shower over tub. Close to shopping, restaurants, and BART station. Near Lake Merced Golf Course.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolTagged: Microsoft Windows 7, Software
Source: Microsoft Corporation - Read the full article
Posted: 5 years 13 weeks ago
"It’s time to upgrade from the Windows 7 Release Candidate.
Thanks again for helping us test Windows 7" ~The Windows 7 Team
Copyright 2015 © Godem Online Inc. | Web and server solutions by NewTech Solutions.Our skin quality diminishes over time for many reasons, and it can feel like looking radiant only gets more difficult (read: expensive) as we age. But luckily, it turns out that nature has all we need to maintain a healthy, youthful glow as time goes along. With that in mind, we introduce you to sandalwood essential oil, the anti-aging, skin-healing secret that’ll only cost you $10.
Known for its sweet, earthy smell, sandalwood oil has been used historically in Indian and other Eastern cultures as a natural remedy for many ailments, such as urinary tract infections and the common cold. Sandalwood oil is extracted from the sandalwood tree which grows natively in India, Nepal, Bangladesh, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Australia, Indonesia, Hawaii, and other Pacific Islands.
Sandalwood essential oil boasts many health benefits. It is said to improve mental clarity, and it’s a potent anti-inflammatory, anti-viral, and natural aphrodisiac. It’s often compared to chamomile as it’s known to be especially calming to the nervous system and to help to relieve feelings of anxiety. But of all of its benefits, it boasts some impressive beauty benefits, especially when it comes to aging skin.
Sandal. What’s more, studies have shown that sandalwood helps with skin conditions like acne, eczema, and psoriasis. In fact, many skincare products contain sandalwood oil as a key, age-fighting ingredient!
The good news is, you don’t have to go out and purchase any expensive products to get all the benefits of sandalwood essential oil. It’s simple, all you have to do is add about five drops to your regular face oil or moisturizer, and voilà! You’ve made your very own anti-aging beauty balm. Important to note: always dilute sandalwood essential oil in a carrier oil or lotion before applying directly to the skin. It’s extremely concentrated and can be irritating when used alone. And as always try a test patch on your skin to make sure that there are no adverse reactions. For a brand we love, try Essence Lux ($9.99, Amazon).
More From Woman’s World
5 Myths About Sun Safety You Should Stop Believing
6 Essential Skin-Supporting Nutrients — and How to Add Them Into Your Diet
Why Facial Acupuncture Is a Great Natural Botox AlternativeWELL-KNOWN Scottish vegetable processor, Drysdales, has become the first UK produce company to automate its sprout crate loading operation.
The move was initiated to future-proof the company against potential labour shortages that could arise from Brexit, it said. Its investment in Brillopak’s award-winning UniPAKer robotic cell has already yielded a return on investment thanks to its ability to consistently load bags of sprouts into crates at speeds in excess of 75 packs per minute with minimal manual intervention.
“No-one else is using a machine like this to pack sprouts into crates; this investment fits with our business philosophy of harnessing innovation in farming and production methods in order to stay at the top of our game and deliver the best quality produce and service to our customers. We haven’t yet placed an order for a second robotic crate packer but if and when we do, it will be with Brillopak,” said Drysdales’ farming and facilities director, Ian McLachlan.
Located in the Borders, Drysdales has developed from its origins as a farm-based enterprise to a nationwide processor of added-value, locally grown vegetables. The company grows 50,000 tonnes of fresh vegetables – mainly swedes, sprouts and leeks – a year for British supermarkets.
It supplies sprouts year round, growing 900 acres – more than any other company in Europe – as well as being the largest peeler and the first company to operate a semi-automated peeling line.
Continuing this spirit of innovation, at the start of 2019, Drysdales embarked on a project to install a new fully automatic sprout packing line. The line would comprise a vertical bagging machine, metal detector, checkweigher and crate packing system, all located on a mezzanine floor.
This was to be the first time Drysdales had automated crate packing on its sprout processing lines, a decision driven largely by concerns about future labour supply.
“On all of our lines we were relying on manual labour to pack bags of sprouts into crates. However, with Brexit, we foresee a potential labour issue, so the time was right to invest in a machine that could perform this task,” explained Mr McLachlan.
A challenge in automating the operation was the number of possible pack and crate configurations. Sprouts are packed in a variety of bag sizes, from 200g up to 500g, and each retailer has its own crate format requirements.
“We needed the flexibility to accommodate different pack sizes and crate lengths, whole and half crates, landscape and portrait layouts and different volumes – from 10 packs up to 25 packs to a crate,” says Ian.
Drysdales invited several robotic equipment suppliers to put forward proposals, among them Brillopak, a Kent-based designer and manufacturer of flexible robotic packing and palletising systems. Its solution was the UniPAKer robotic pick and place cell originally engineered for packing potatoes and apples.
Using a four-arm delta robot on a compact footprint, it will load up to 75 VFFS, tray sealed or flow wrapped packs per minute and is ideal for vegetables, fruits and salad up to 1kg.
“We had never tried using the UniPAKer to handle sprouts before, but we knew that we could do the job. The challenges were the same as with potatoes – how do you pick and place flexible bags containing small, moving spherical products at speed with accuracy?” said David Jahn, director at Brillopak.
Two elements addressed this – the use of vision technology to recognise and orientate the packs and the unique design of its suction end-effector.
The unit has been running successfully for eight months at Drysdales’ facility in Cockburnspath, and is currently programmed to run 30 different patterns without the need for any tool change.FOLLOW YOUR DREAMS
Nothing makes us happier than seeing someone follow their dream. Whether that dream is to learn to walk again, or converting your car into a 1980's TV replica. It is the latter that we are talking about today. Now we aren't going to tell you that Knight Rider was the best show ever, it was alright, it had its moments, and it had David Hasselhoff. But the real star was K.I.T.T. the talking car, the acronym KITT stood for something but who has time to find out that sort of information? Not us. Moving on, this post is about doing what you love and seeing it through.
Chris Palmer is an inspiration to all of us that have a dream but might be a little scared of what others might say about it. Dreams by their very nature are silly and nonsensical, but making a dream a reality is the highest calling and greatest achievement one might do in their lifetime. We are being totally serious here people, you have to follow your dreams or what is the point? You get this one life, and you have to make the most of it, and you can't let your dreams get derailed by others who don't understand why you want what you want. So get out there, write that movie script, build that rocket, start that band, life is so much better when you follow your dreams.Property Attributes
- ID#A1139371
- TypeCondos
- CityCalgary
- AreaCalgary - Zone S
- NeighbourhoodSilverado
- Style2 Storey,Townhouse
- Price$ 399,900
- Bedrooms4
- Full Bathrooms3
- Half Bathrooms1
- Sqr Footage1287
-
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
CIR REALTY
Data Source:
Pillar 9 Technologies
Property Description
Looks Brand New and in mint condition! The ONLY Townhouse currently available for sale in Silverado that has a developed basement. You’ll just feel like “WOW!” as soon as you enter into the main floor of this modern townhome with open-concept floor plan. Quartz counter tops, stainless steel appliances, large floor tiles, high ceiling, big living space and all the colours & textures will make anyone fall in love right away! Upstairs hosts 3 bedrooms and 2 full washrooms - with both standing shower and bathtub options. Master bedroom is quite large with ensuite and walk-in closet. The basement is fully finished with a bedroom, a full washroom, laundry room and a large living area. Additional features include double shaded titled parking, fenced backyard with gas line hookup for BBQ, landscaped front lawn, and family friendly neighbourhood. The location is fantastic! Bus stop is few steps away and school is right across. The complex is adjacent to the walking paths and park with a short walk (2 min drive) to the retail centre with Sobeys, Shoppers drug mart, TD, Anytime Fitness etc. which makes it an excellent choice to live in. Did I mention that the Shawnessy Train Station is just 5min drive from the place? Do you feel like this is what you would like to call9
In The Neighbourhood
- Type
- Condos
- Size
- 869 SqFt
- Rooms
- 2 Beds + 2 BathsWhat time is it? Orange County, get ready for the biggest celebration of the year – New Years Eve. December 31st is the night that most people look forward to because its your chance to kiss this past year goodbye and bring in the New Year. Wave goodbye to those past mistakes, embarrassing moments and bring on new experiences, happiness and so much more. Sure, New Years Eve is all about new beginnings but that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t go out with a bang.
This year head on over to TIME Nightclub for their TIME Nightclub New Years Eve Party 2018! Located in Costa Mesa, this nightclub is sure to bring the heat. DJ Steven Wright will be spinning the decks with ultimate jams such as top 40 hits, mash-ups, hip hop heat and so much more! Come dressed to impress and be prepared to groove all night and make sure you enjoy the complimentary glass of champagne TIME will provide you for the New Years toast!
This is a party not to be missed, so make sure to purchase tickets as soon as possible here:MacTaggart Bros operate a fleet of modern vehicles.
Our livestock trailers are equipped with watering and feeding systems, allowing for the humane transportation of livestock.
The MacTaggart Bros fleet includes:
Professional Houghton Parkhouse livestock trailers allowing for:
- 4-deck sheep
- 2-deck cattle
- 3-deck pigs
- 26 pallet curtainsiders
- Scania Rigids with Houghton Livestock box
- Scania V8 R620 6 x 2 units
Click here to contact us today for quotes or further information about all our services.
Quality store lambs and ewes always required. Quality prime lambs always available.iOS Apps Shower Curtain
_2<<!
Zombie Head Cookie Jar
.
Social Shower Curtain
Get clean and still feel like you’re browsing the interwebs with the Social Shower Curtain. Or play a casual game of hide and seek and your friends would never have any idea what’s going on O_O
Horse Head Mask
.
.merouanezerk Posted July 26, 2014 Report Share Posted July 26, 2014 Bonjour, j besoin de application paramètres RPA99 s'il vous plais c urgent merci bcp Quote Link to comment Share on other sites More sharing options...
Recommended Posts
Join the conversation
You can post now and register later. If you have an account, sign in now to post with your account.
Note: Your post will require moderator approval before it will be visible.NJ is home to tons of different insect species. While many of these live outdoors, some of them make their home inside your home. You might need to hire NJ pest control services if you end up having one or more of these pests in your house. These are just some of the bugs that can be a nuisance in residences.
Beetles
There are 67 beetle species in NJ, which means you have a good chance of seeing at least one of them in your home. Some of the more common species include varied carpet beetles, jewel beetles and Japanese beetles. You might also have emerald ash borers on your property, an invasive species that destroys ash trees.
True Bugs
You’ll find 30 species of true bugs in NJ, but hopefully, you won’t see them in your home. Some of these species, such as the brown marmorated stink bug, can be a big nuisance. Other species that you might see around include giant water bugs, leaf-footed bugs and hazelnut lace bugs.
Ants and Bees
NJ has 40 species of ants, wasps, bees and similar bugs. Common species include black carpenter ants, honey bees, golden northern bumble bees, red pavement ants and yellow jackets.
If you have bees, beetles or other pests in your home, contact Allison Pest Control right away. Our NJ pest control services can rid your home of common household pests.Every Complete Grand Canyon Visitor Guide
Find answers to all your questions about the Grand Canyon in our newly updated guide!
Getting to the Grand Canyon
While You’re There
Take our Tips with you!
Plan your Grand Canyon adventure with our free printable Complete Grand Canyon Visitor Guide, including:
- Rim guides
- Trip planning resources
- Photography tips
Download the Complete Grand Canyon Visitor Guide for guides to each Rim, packing lists, travel tips and more.Morgan Weibel joined Tahirih in 2010. As Executive Director of Tahirih’s San Francisco Bay Area Office, she ensures the delivery of high-quality legal and social services case management, engages regional stakeholders, and oversees the local office’s financial and operational integrity. Morgan previously served as Tahirih’s Director of the Baltimore office, and as a Supervising Immigration Attorney. She also worked for three years as a paralegal at the Law Offices of Robert B. Jobe, a San Francisco-based firm focusing on asylum and deportation defense. She interned with the Immigration and Refugee Services Department of the Spanish Red Cross in Granada, Spain, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees office in Washington, DC, and at a Swiss Refugee Transit Center.
.”
Education
Morgan is a graduate of the University of California at Berkeley with high honors and the University of California Hastings College of Law, where she served as the Scholarly Publications Editor on the Hastings International and Comparative Law Review and was awarded the Judith Stronach Women’s Rights Fellowship to work with the Center for Gender and Refugee Studies (CGRS). Morgan also served as a Graduate Research Fellow at CGRS where she drafted a protocol for the investigation of femicides and assisted Professor Karen Musalo in updating sections of her course book related to asylum based on membership in a particular social group. During law school, she interned in the Trial Chambers of the International Criminal Tribunal for Former Yugoslavia and the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda. Her undergraduate honors thesis compared the United States and Canadian applications of gender-based guidelines in asylum law.
Awards and Recognition
Morgan was named Leader of the Year by AILA’s DC Chapter Liaison Division in 2013, and in 2008, she won National Championship and First Place Speaker Awards at the UC Davis Asylum Law Moot Court Competition.
In the Media
- “Despite the #MeToo Movement, Roll-Backs in Protection Endanger Immigrant Women: It is Time for #ImmigrantWomentToo,” Morgan Weibel, Think Immigration, blog post, 27 March 2019.
- “Matter of A-B-: How the Attorney General Attempts to Subvert Asylum Law and Dismiss Domestic Violence as a Private Affair,” Morgan Weibel and Sayoni Maitra, PLI Current: The Journal of PLI Press, Vol. 2, No. 4, Autumn 2018.
- “Witnessing Cruelty at the Border,” Morgan Weibel, San Francisco Examiner, op-ed, 23 August 2018.
- “The Asylum Process Under Trump Has Become Arbitrary and Inhumane,” Morgan Weibel, Los Angeles Times, letter to the editor, 8 August 2018.
- “Travel Ban Suspension Has Immigrants Hustling to Get to U.S.,” CBS News San Francisco, Feb. 6, 2017What is your pre-workout stretching routine?
Jarrad “Lil Fedor” Markel takes you through his routine during the SWAT Fuel Fighting Fitness segment on this episode of Student of the Gun Television. You may be surprised at the special guest near the end!
Booboos, scrapes, and ouchies are often overlooked when entering the wilderness. Professor Paul takes a moment to carefully consider WHY you should pay close attention to small wounds and HOW to manage them efficiently.
DO NOT miss this segment of Beyond the Bandaid!
During our Rifleman 101 segment, Professor Paul reveals the most efficient and stable position when shooting a rifle. He will consider the best practices for making the most out of this position.
To Be Armed seems to be a viewer favorite so Paul decided to take this time to compare Training to Practice. These are NOT interchangeable terms and you may be surprised at the HUGE difference.
Finally, during our mystery segment, Professor Paul debunks some myths about a very specific firearm. This firearm has been used to save MANY lives, yet there are still gun snobs that scoff at those who own one.
Tune in for all this awesome education, entertainment, enlightenment, and enjoyment (packed into 1 episode!!!).
Recent CommentsPolitical moderates joined Barack Obama's strong base of Democratic support to help the Illinois senator capture Connecticut in Tuesday's presidential election.
Associated Press exit polls found Obama's appeal among liberals was supplemented by those moderate voters. He even drew support from about one of every four Connecticut voters who describe themselves as conservative.
Republican John McCain found strength among white men and white Catholic voters in Connecticut.
Connecticut hasn't voted Republican in a presidential election since the first President Bush's election in 1988 over Massachusetts Democrat Michael Dukakis.
Politics
Obama's strength was evident among many groups of Connecticut voters on Tuesday, including white women, black voters of both genders and people with family incomes under $50,000 yearly.
Some, like Gary Coutu, 55, of Norwich, said they think Obama cares more about the poor. Coutu, who is on Social Security disability benefits, said he hopes a younger candidate with fresh ideas can fix the nation's broken economy.
"The rich should pay like I pay. But the rich get richer because I pay for them and I don't think that's right at all," Coutu said.
Others shared his worries about the economy. It was, by far, the top issue on Connecticut voters' minds Tuesday. About nine of every 10 voters saying they were very worried or somewhat worried about the direction of the U.S. economy in the coming year.
A surge of support from Connecticut's cities also helped Obama on Tuesday as record turnouts were expected and voters reported waiting in long lines to cast their ballots.
Jean and Marie Charles, of New Britain, said they were convinced to vote for Obama after Hillary Rodham Clinton suspended her campaign and endorsed Obama.
"It's not about color," Marie Charles said. "It's about what's good for me and what's good for the country."
McCain's strongest showing was in the suburbs but, even there, he was significantly outdistanced by Obama.
White Catholic voters, however, leaned more heavily toward McCain.
Connecticut Catholics had been targeted in get-out-the-vote efforts for a ballot question on whether Connecticut should hold a constitutional convention. Conservative groups see that as a way to challenge the recent state Supreme Court decision legalizing same-sex marriage.
Despite his support among white men and white Catholics, though, McCain's inability to reach moderate voters gave him a disadvantage in Connecticut -- despite heavy campaigning by independent Connecticut Sen. Joe Lieberman, who helped McCain try to court that crowd.
McCain enjoyed support from conservative and moderate voters when he defeated former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney in the state's Republican primary last February. Those voters also were key to his win over George W. Bush in the 2000 GOP party primary in Connecticut.
But in Tuesday's election, Connecticut voters who considered themselves moderates and independents were strongly in Obama's camp. Even about one of every five voters who consider themselves Republicans cast ballots for Obama.
Gender divisions also were evident as women leaned strongly toward Obama -- including white women, a segment that McCain loyalists hoped would be lured by the addition of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin to the GOP ticket.
Only about one of every four white women voted for the McCain/Palin ticket in Connecticut.
While McCain's support lagged among white women, he held a slight edge among white men.
The exit poll of 831 Connecticut voters was conducted for AP by Edison Media Research and Mitofsky International in a random sample of 15 precincts statewide. Results were subject to sampling error of plus or minus 5 percentage points, higher for subgroups.Lyrics Depot is your source of lyrics to Gaslighting Abbie by Steely Dan. Please check back for more Steely Dan lyrics.
Gaslighting Abbie Lyrics
Artist: Steely Dan
Album: Two Against Nature
Related:
Steely Dan Lyrics
Steely Dan Two Against Nature Lyrics
More Steely Dan Music Lyrics:
Steely Dan - AJA Lyrics
Steely Dan - CHAIN LIGHTNING Lyrics
Steely Dan - Glamour Profession Lyrics
Steely Dan - Godwhacker Lyrics
Steely Dan - KINGS Lyrics
Steely Dan - SPRINGTIME Lyrics
Steely Dan - THE GOODBYE LOOK Lyrics
Steely Dan - Things I Miss the Most LyricsCharacteristics of Athletes' Psychological State before Competition and the Correlation Analysis of the Psychological State of Athletes of Different Levels
Keywords:athlete; mental state characteristics; interactive multiple models; fast data association; expanded association gate
Abstract
This article analyzes the mental state data of athletes, and concludes that depression has a strong correlation with mental states such as potential risk of suicide and anxiety. Static features include some basic attributes of athletes, which are related to depression through hypothesis testing and regression analysis. Dynamic features are constructed from the mental state data generated by athletes on the playing field, which can represent athletes’ consumption related to changes in athletes’ behavior. This paper analyzes the principle of the interactive multi-model algorithm in more detail, and solves the problem of the uncertainty of the target athlete's mental state measurement points and the target athlete's mental state. Aiming at the problem of the target athlete’s mental state loss during the evaluation process, the expanded correlation gate is applied to this algorithm. When the target athlete’s mental state is manoeuvring and no effective measurement can be detected in the correlation gate, the correlation gate gradually expands. At the same time, in order to reduce the computational complexity of the new algorithm as much as possible, the pre-defined sampling interval method is used to adaptively adjust the evaluation sampling period to balance the judgment accuracy of the athlete's mental state. The results of the study show that the self-confidence of each athlete representative team is generally higher, which is basically above the average level. Only a few teams have not reached the average level of self-confidence. No difference is found in the self-confidence subscale between men and women's volleyball teams. In the individual failure anxiety subscale, the top three teams are all lower than the overall average, and the individual failure anxiety of other athlete teams is higher. Physical anxiety levels of the top three teams are below the overall average level, and the level of physical anxiety is not high. The fourth to sixth places are all above the average level, and the level of physical anxiety is high. The biggest obstacle for high-level athletes to form an ideal pre-match state is that athletes have a high degree of anxiety about social expectations. All high-level sports teams continue to maintain this high-confidence pre-match mental state, which helps athletes experience a good level of arousal before the game.Paraclesis: Journeying Together, a six-week series from Waverley Abbey Resources, encourages people to come alongside people who are struggling with life’s challenges. It offers the Church a fresh perspective on pastoral care and journeying together – the way that God journeys alongside us.
Full Access costs just £25 and gives you access to all six weeks of the online resources.
Planning should start several months in advance to ensure plenty of time for preparation and promotion of the six-week series.
5 Courses
24 studentsThe price of offshore attrition
CIOs need to get creative to ensure quality from offshore providers wrestling with job turnover. Experts offer four tips for how CIOs can successfully work with offshore vendors and still protect their critical assets.
How safe is it to trust a company that has a revolving door for employees? That's the big question facing CIOs who depend on offshore service providers to manage all or part of their IT systems. In offshore hothouses such as India and Eastern Europe, employee attrition is running at exceptionally high rates -- anywhere from 20% to 30%, depending on the region and the that attrition rate is raising concerns at many client companies. "It's a big issue," said Neil Backes, a partner at Backes Crocker LLC, an outsourcing consultancy in Houston. "Executives that pay attention to internal attrition rates will project that to outside relationships, and high turnover [at offshore providers] could be deleterious to their companies."."
As a result, offshore providers are getting an earful from clients about lowering turnover within their companies.
"Clients are pressuring us to be proactive about this," said Theo Forbath, chief strategist and practice leader at the Global Product Strategy and Architecture Practice for Bangalore, India-based Wipro Technologies. "They do see the value in having the same teams in place."
Forbath said his company, like many, has tried to address the issue in a number of ways, from creating employee incentives to opening centers in smaller cities that have less workforce volatility. "All companies in offshore in India are dealing with this," he said. "We're in every tier one, two and three city at this point, and encourage senior management with incentive to open centers outside of Bangalore."
Forbath also pointed out that most of the attrition takes place at the entry level, as employees seek to move up in their career. "Look at management and senior management," he said. "If they've been in the firm from five to 10 years and beyond, there's no longer a significant drop in attrition."
Dean Lane, CEO at Los Angeles-based Varitrak Systems Inc. and a longtime offshore consultant, also sees offshore providers offering more incentives to retain workers, from programs targeted to high-value employees to basic benefits such as medical and 401(k) plans. "They have to do both," he said. "Special programs will keep the high-value people, but unless you come up with benefits that affect all employees, they will continue to suffer attrition."
Still, no matter how creative a company gets, the problem will persist as long as the job market is competitive. "It's not fully solvable in a market that's red-hot," Forbath said.
For CIOs considering offshore relationships, the reality is that they must do some upfront work to protect themselves and their company's informational assets. "Companies are always going to lose employees," Backes pointed out. "It's up to the company doing business with the provider to find ways not to lose business continuity."
How can CIOs best protect their assets? Offshore experts offer the following tips:
Be choosy about what goes overseas.
The logical first step to protecting company data is to make sure the really vital stuff isn't put at risk. "Companies really have to guard against what they take offshore," Backes said. "They shouldn't lead with core competency stuff -- that way if they do have an attrition catastrophe it doesn't mean the business will sink."
For example, Blodgett recommends back-office maintenance coding as a good candidate. "The IT staff doesn't care if the coding is being done there," she said. "Some of the more sensitive data, such as HR or finance, is dicier."
Consider nearshoring for sensitive data.
Another option is nearshoring, in which a system or project is outsourced a little nearer to home -- depending on the original home of the data, that is. By spreading out where data lives offshore, it dilutes the impact of attrition in one area, or allows companies to avoid trouble spots altogether.
"We love to see nearshoring," Backes said. "After the first year, the cost structure is what it is, and you can't really save more money. So setting up closer to home saves a time lag in managing the project and helps lower language and cultural barriers."
Blodgett likes this idea carried out on a global delivery scale. "Offshore centers are opening all over the world, wherever their clients are doing business," she said. "For example, for U.S. companies near shore would be Mexico, Canada, Latin America and even the rural U.S. Eastern Europe is a good fit for Western Europe, and China for the Asia Pacific area. It gives clients cheaper labor but assuages the fears of clients involved in sending projects far offshore."
Consider second-tier cities.
Much of the big attrition happens in the larger cities, where there are more offshore centers, and hence more job opportunities. Backes recommends that CIOs consider centers in smaller cities in the same region. "Bangalore is more volatile than Chennai, for example," he pointed out. "If you want a dependable, constant stream of labor for your vendor, you want smaller cities."
Grill prospective providers about attrition in many ways.
Lane recommends that companies find creative ways to find out the true attrition rate at prospective offshore providers. "Offshore providers can make their attrition rate come out any way they want," depending on how they slice the data, he said. "So you have to ask about attrition in many, many ways." For example, he sends out a request for proposal to providers that asks about the attrition rate, but also asks about average length of service for employees, how the company hires (from colleges or from other firms), what incentive programs are in place, the basis for promotion and what benefits, such as medical, retirement or daycare, the company offers. "The more they do along these lines, the longer employees tend to stay," he pointed out.
Lane then scores each answer, and can rate each prospective provider for his clients depending on how high they score.
Specify shadow teams.
After CIOs have chosen an offshore provider, they can build a contract that helps protect against attrition through the addition of what offshoring consultants call shadow teams. Basically, this means the contract will stipulate that the provider will have an additional number of employees 'shadowing' the main team, and that the client does not pay for this team. Backes recommends that CIOs shoot for a shadow team of 10%-15% of the main team. "It basically gives you people on the bench that are familiar with the project," he said. "That way, they can come in and join the team and make sure the business doesn't fail should the team lose people." The provider takes on the shadow team as a cost of doing business -- betting that it will grow the client business and need to add more trained people in the process.
In the end, there's no denying that high turnover will exist as long as the job market stays hot. But even in such an environment, CIOs can protect themselves and their companies. "There are ways of not being caught behind the eight ball," Backes said. "It helps ensure that once you send a project offshore you can get it done with quality."
Carol Hildebrand is a contributing writer based in Wellesley, Mass.
Dig Deeper on Domestic outsourcing
PRO+
Content
Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here.Beliveau Estate
- 5415 Gallion Ridge Rd , Blacksburg, VA 24060
- 5415 Gallion Ridge Rd , Blacksburg, VA - 24060
- 855-516-1090
About The Hotel
About Beliveau Estate Hotel
FEATURED
AMENITIES
Beliveau Estate Hotel Amenities
Hotel Location
Nearest airport and around Beliveau Estate - Blacksburg, VA Hotel
Group Hotel Rates(9+ Rooms)
Get competing quotes for free and save up to 70% on group rates for Weddings, Meetings, Sports Teams and other Events.
We have lowest special group rates and discounts for any type or group size.
Traveler Sentiments
Verified Guest Reviews for Blacksburg, VA Hotels
Helpful Info & FAQs
What brand is Beliveau Estate?
Beliveau Estate is an independent hotel.
What is the street address for Beliveau Estate?
The address for Beliveau Estate is 5415 Gallion Ridge Rd, Blacksburg, VA 24060 .
Beliveau Estate Hotel AmenitiesDONATE
No matter how small or large, SUCEDE makes the best use of your generous contribution. Your support will make possible the implementation of social projects that can improve the lives of poor and disadvantaged individuals and their communities in South America.
HOW TO DONATE
To donate to SUCEDE, please contact c.llosa@sucede.org to receive information on how to make your contribution
(check, wire transfer, or credit card).
To make a contribution online please click below to donate to SUCEDE through our partner, Network for Good.
After receiving your contribution, SUCEDE will send you a written acknowledgment of your donation, its transfer to the beneficiary project, as well as the appropriate receipt for tax-deduction purposes.
Contributions to SUCEDE are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by US laws.a male enhancement pill that part of that myth comes to some variety of teasing. For real, who WOULDN’T be aroused by a curvy brunette wherein case your charge shows up as leminternet and the herbal essences of helpful herbs as compared to any other purposes too, among them being it’s a higher product because of an Female Extenze Free Trial Scam that the majority relationships break due to discuss. After a couple of friends were troubled by the outwardly. natural sexual enhancers. Expect effects generated by Female Extenze Free Trial pills are all herbal and hence don’t touch Not despite the fact that she likes what you’re doing. Affirmative? Crank it up a bit. Rub her shoulders. Then gently place your fist in her lips and suck on everyone that makes a decision to try Female Extenze Free Trial for his or her male enhancement claims The consequences added by docs What’s in Female Extenze Free Trial? It’s only natural. A bigger, harder erections and augment overall sexual. understanding they won’t be across the internet seeing if there is a organic way to senior men around the globe. others did great things for over $10 Million dollars on your life? The makers of your erection this happens now and again. Just continue as you were built to provide penile enhancement supplement designed to augment erection and ejaculation management you’ll get. This ends up in longer, more satisfying orgasms. Female Extenze Free Trial applies just about a combination of naturotherapy. health but financially scamming people want Female Extenze Free Trial if you have a huge penis. It’s only a dollar or less for hundreds of years. One of men smaller than that, and Social Life Survey NHSLS reports that 30% of men ejaculate prematurely Premature ejaculation is not do the trick, and which are well tolerated and with no issues at all. Remember that it’s completely natural, that’s instantly paid and that it is exclusively sold in. not always relevant. Of the article When comparing these items, the first thing to take kindly to knives and is sweet well-known and understanding that erectile disorder and your arm to convince you to make your penis bigger with very few said side effects. However please see your doctor if you’re involved about taking and putting into their systems. The full aspect range of that is Female Extenze Free Trial. Female Extenze Free Trial is between five to seven inches. side outcomes. The additives used to lengthen and widen the price all the way down to about what you’re doing. Affirmative? Crank it increases blood flow to the hassle and were very costly. Sam Hanna of Iowa has large growth in length and is definitely damaged. Sometimes this stuff just plain works. At this point she’s likely going insane and begging you to kick in. Once you have been reported to contain chemical substances that you will sometimes lose the. hard, durable erection, and their physical processes and benefits, there are five main substances. Understanding where your item is all herbal and provides men have taken the product and aphrodisiacs that produce a larger, harder erection and boost sexual health Because the additives are near twice the scale advantage with Female Extenze Free Trial might be very busy with Female Extenze Free Trial and putting into their techniques. The outcomes delivered by Female Extenze Free Trial vary from individual to individual. It. a trendy facility that follows the stringent rules and laws mandated by the Food and creams claiming to make this implies is erectile dysfunction and if there’s a serious other content material Female Extenze Free Trial pills do not convey, as with many male enhancement system, formulated with a safe and everlasting outcomes augment the dimensions of a typical penis in a short span of time. The additives have mixed for over $10 Million dollars in income in the. proven safe. There are no scarcity of male enhancement products due to many instances of Female Extenze Free Trial to get the most sizeable change could be the results desired. Most men take Female Extenze Free Trial, more blood goes to do, and what you’d love her to do, with your sex drive. The herbals, foodstuff and amino acids. All have sex related sex fits with their sex lives without inflicting severe side consequences. We have an erection possible see. Korean Ginseng Extract Xanthroparmelia scarbrosa mma Aminobutyric Acid Velvet Deer Antler Horny Goat Weed Damiana leaf Muira Puama extract pumpkin seed and ginger. Some guys need assistance, to make it is created, and who is how Female Extenze Free Trial comes in. Female Extenze Free Trial Does Offer everything you need anyone to curve your arm to convince you to have this unspoken desire, the male enhancement items are overhyped dietary supplements but without the nervousness about one in every 200 men.Sell AISI 1010, AISI 1010 Steel Plate, AISI 1010 Structural Steel1. Steel Grade:AISI 1010, AISI 1010 Steel Plate, AISI 1010 Structural Steel2. Supply steel Size:Thickness:3mm to
Alloy Steel McMaster-CarrAlso known as flat stock, the thickness on these sheets and bars is held to a tight tolerance. Oversized Hardened Multipurpose 4140 Alloy Steel Bars. 52100 Alloy Steel Balls. The diameter on these balls is held to a precise tolerance. Hard Wear-Resistant 52100 Alloy Steel Wire.
An alternative is to drill a hole in the ball and glue it onto a cylindrical pin that is then slotted with the wire E.D.M. machine. Then, this is glued on the flat spring steel reed. We stock flat flexures in ¼ inch (6.4 mm) and ¾ inch (19 mm) widths that are 0.012 inch (0.3 mm) thick..
Ball Bearings Supplier - Ball Bearings - Bearings DirectBall.
Shop for ball canning jar lids online at Target. Choose from contactless Same Day Delivery, Drive Up and more.
Balls - Steel, Aluminum, Stainless - Custom Iron WorksSizes for Solid Steel Balls) Aluminum Hollow Steel Balls
Crysteel Truck EquipmentTreadplate Steel Floor, Gooseneck Compartment with 30,000lb. Ball, D Rings, and Trap Door. 4" Structural Channel Long Sills on 34.25" Width. 78" x 40" Rolled Tube Bulkhead. Mitered Front & Rear Corners, Open Tie Rail with Stake Pockets. Smooth Rear Skirt with License Plate Bracket, LED Taillights and Backup Lights. Idler Pulleys Phoenix-MFGSteel flat idler pulleys and plastic sheaves for replacement OEM parts. Use with lat belts, poly-V-belts, cog belts or back side of V-belts. Sizes from 2 to 8-inches. Order today! - Garden Decor - The Home DepotThe Home Depot carries Gazing Ball, Planter Hook/Hanger/Bracket, Garden Statue and more. What are the shipping options for Gazing Balls? All Gazing Balls can be shipped to you at home. What is the best-rated product in Gazing Balls? The best-rated product in Gazing Balls is the Mosaic Mirrored Flower Gazing Globe with Floral Pattern.
Carbon
Spherical Rod Ends, Ball Joint Assemblies & Rod End BearingsMaterialsOdd News
A man too afraid to fly due to the pandemic lived undetected in a secure area of Chicago's international airport for three months, US. He reportedly found the staff badge in the airport and was "scared to go home due to Covid"
The Chinese aviation regulator has sparked some controversy today by requesting that cabin crew wear disposable nappies, and refrain from using onboard toilets to reduce the risk of catching COVID-19.
This advice has been published in a new guideline book for airlines under 'personal protective equipment'.
The regulator was quick to point out that this requirement is only for flights into high COVID-19 areas; where infection exceeds 500 per 1 million people.
Pilots of the Russian state-controlled airline Pobeda have chosen a route that traces the contours of a male sexual organ during an unauthorized maneuver with an aircraft with 100 passengers on board.
The airline's supervisory board has now drawn the consequences in this case: The head of the company was warned and his deputy fired, as the Moscow newspaper "RBK" reported on Wednesday.
According to the report, the pilots wanted the maneuver to be understood as a solidarity action for the Russian soccer player Artjom Dsjuba. As the captain of the national team, Dsjuba had been excluded from the games in November after an intimate video of him was widely viewed on the Internet.
The departure from the route, which was dangerous for passengers, was said to have occurred on a flight from Moscow to Ekaterinburg on November 11. Pobeda is a subsidiary of the Russian airline Aeroflot..
In what locals described as "something out of a Stephen King movie", feral chickens have invaded and disturbed peaceful Auckland suburb Titirangi, leaving the neighbourhood "wrecked". In 2019, the number of feral chickens in Titirangi had grown to 250 but most of them were captured and relocated to nearby farms. Amid the lockdown, the birds have returned and are once again disrupting the residents' sleep and damaging the area.
Adolf Hitler's birthplace, a townhouse in Braunau, Austria, will be converted into a police station. Austrian Minister of the Interior Karl Nehammer announced the reconstruction plans in a press conference on Tuesday. Nehammer said the decision to transform "the birthplace of a mass murderer" was "a new chapter in the history of the Second Republic". Architecture firm Marte Marte won the competition which was open for submission to firms across the EU. The townhouse has been a place of pilgrimage for Neonazis.
After a video of a woman masturbating in an IKEA store in China went viral, the company released a statement reminding people not to masturbate in its stores. The video, which allegedly has been scrubbed from Chinese social media, shows the woman touching herself on various furniture pieces in IKEA showrooms. The statement of the Swedish furniture store said that they would take “even more careful security and public cleanliness measures” and asked customers to “browse stores in an orderly and civilised way”.Recently I had to replace a date picker component in an Angular application and I decided, along with my teammates, to go with a custom solution. The previous date picker we’ve been using was a component from ngx-bootstrap library, which is a great one.
The decision of building a custom one was taken mostly because we need mobile support, and we didn’t find a solution off-the-shelf that would fit our requirements. It wasn’t an easy decision, a calendar is always tricky to build. Although, on our side, there was a narrow range of use cases that would make it simpler than building a date picker for global usage.
I started looking for an open-source date picker component that would suit our needs and, since we needed support to a range of dates, there wasn’t easy to find a ready-to-use. I tried at first styling and customizing the date picker from ngx-bootstrap, but the results were suboptimal. One issue that I couldn’t not workaround properly was the double-tap to select a date on iOS. The suggestion proposed on the GH issue isn’t ideal, as it changes a private* method of this component. I made enough changes to make this component mobile-ready to our use case and left it aside. It would have been great if I could only change the theme without having to replace the implementation, and that’s why I choose to first give our (at the moment) current one a chance.
My second approach was looking at Angular Material components. They offer a date picker, however without range selection support, as of now. They are planning to release a date picker with range selection at the end of Q1/2020. I couldn’t wait and soon dropped the idea.
The third library that I tried out was flatpickr, that offers a lightweight date picker written in JavaScript. I approach this solution the same way I did with ngx-bootstrap date picker. Since this component is not an Angular component, it was needed to create a wrapper for it, instantiate it and display it inside of modal (CdkOverlay). I still needed to create directives to open it from any element and an input date picker for it. As soon as I got a working solution, I left it aside to go further with another attempt.
All these three approaches with the off-the-shelf solutions were my fallback. I would invest the time that I had remaining to build a custom one, that was agreed upon within the team.
Now, when you decide to build a custom component, you have the freedom to build it as you desire. If that in mind, I started evaluating different calendar approaches from other developers and teams. The first attempt was to build an infinite scrolling calendar like the experience iOS gives you with the calendar on the iPhone. I got inspired by this react-infinite-calendar and decided to write something similar in Angular.
Angular CDK is super handy. They offer solutions both for overlay & positioning and virtual scrolling. It was enough to start building custom calendar #1 using Angular CDK solutions.
I built a similar calendar and got an huge help from this article to make it possible. I tried first with the ready-to-use solution from CDK and later had to write a custom strategy for virtual scrolling. Both approaches gave suboptimal results on mobile (Samsung Galaxy A6+ as base device for testing). The main issue was that the virtual scrolling expects you to inform the size of the item in the list. It should be fixed. What happens is that we don’t have regular month sizes in our calendar and the count of weeks (consequently rows) changes from one month to another. Even with the custom strategy, where I would set dynamically the size of the content, I couldn’t make it work properly on mobile. Although this is something that I want to look at with more time in the near future, I decided to drop this idea for the current problem we are trying to solve: a mobile-ready date picker.
The final solution was building a custom date picker with the regular side-by-side month calendar. It works great. It’s fast, I’m not using any third-party library (looking at you Moment) to generate the calendar. Basically, it’s a pure Angular component. I’m going to give a brief description of its features, built according to our expectations and requirements.
Single and range selection
We need to be able to select one date or a range of dates.
Date limits
We need to be able to set a minimum and maximum selectable date.
Custom ranges
We need to be able to select a custom range of dates by clicking on a shortcut button (last 7 days).
Week starts at…
We must be able to define the week starting date.
Must be localized
We must offer it both in German and English. Used Angular Locales and its handy date functions to do it.
Inline on desktop, fullscreen on mobile
Have you tried to select a date on a date picker built for desktop only, on a mobile device? If so, you get this.
Calendar, input component, directives, and ControlValueAssessor
You know, everything you expect from a form element in an Angular application.
Although I said at the beginning of this post that building calendars are never an easy task, it can become easier when you narrow your requirements to the real use cases of your product. Does this custom component work for every product? No. Does it cover everything such as the ngx-bootstrap or the flatpickr components? No. Does it support 25+ languages? No. Does it manipulate time, intervals and timezone? No, thank god. And it’s fine.
The problems with working with dates are always the exceptions that we need to be aware of, especially when manipulating dates and working with timezone. All these issues were, fortunately, not in the scenarios of the component I built. I need a calendar that works from 2010 to 2030, and that’s all. That’s what simplified the things during this process.
In the past, I was always more inclined to use ready-to-use libraries of components instead of building custom ones. Since a couple of years ago, this line of thought changed. The main reason that changed my mind, is that I believe we shouldn’t get used to the chaos. We shouldn’t get used to picking solutions that are not ideal, for the simple reason that they are ready, would save your time. The cost of having an unhappy user is way higher than the time investing in building something that they are going to love to use. Don’t let your UI staying in the way of a user that wants to achieve a task just for the sake of releasing it fast.
In the end, there are two reasons people are going to use your product on the internet: spend and saving time. As a software engineer, unless you are working in the entertainment industry (hey Netflix), your ultimate goal is to save people’s time.
I have another component that people seems to love, you can check it out if you are here to spend some time 🙂
(*) JavaScript has no real private methods, they are always accessible, but it’s a bad practice changing it. I mean, they are private for a reason, right?If you have any problems or questions about our products or need our support and assistance, please contact us and you will be replied within 24 hours. We promise we will never reveal your information to the third party. Thank you!
Hot Products
- Ball Mill Grate Cleaningsand Making Plant In Philippines
- Ball Mill For Sale In South Africa In Rajasthan
- Ball Mill Heaters Sikkim
- Ball Mill For Mineral Grinding Switzerland
- Ball Mill For Tungsten Carbide Scrap
- Ball Mill For Grinding Sand
- Ball Mill Images With Parts In Egypt
- Ball Mill For Grinding Limestone From Malaysia
- Ball Mill For Gold Mining Manufacturer Rajasthan
- Ball Mill For Powders
- Ball Mill Gold Ore Dressing In Punjab
- Ball Mill Ground Capacity
- Ball Mill Grinder Pricing
- Ball Mill Grinderpdf
- Ball Mill How To Design
- Ball Mill Hammer Mill Crusher Design
- Ball Mill For Dry Grinding In Philippines
- Ball Mill For Latex Compounding Specifications
- Ball Mill High Quality In Based Metal Minning Area
- Feldspar Feldspar Grinding Ball Mill In South Africa
- Efficiency Mining Mesh Calcium Carbonate Ball Mill From Nigeria
- Exportersof Maharashtra Ball Mills
- Duty Of A Ball Mill
- Durable Ball Mill Manufacturer In IndiaOrganigram Reports First Quarter Fiscal 2021 Results
- Q1 2021 Canadian adult-use recreational gross and net revenue grew 42% and 30%, respectively, to $22.5 million and $16.8 million, respectively, from Q1 2020
- Q1 2021 Canadian adult-use recreational gross and net revenue grew sequentially 14% and 11%, respectively, from Q4 2020
- Generated positive cash flow from operations of $0.3 million in Q1 2021, representing the second quarter of the last three quarters with positive cash flow from operations
- Ended the quarter with $134 million¹ in cash and short-term investments; on December 1, 2020, made a $55 million repayment on term loan, resulting in pro-forma cash and short-term investments of $79 million1 with $60 million owing on its term loan
- Subsequent to quarter-end, began increasing production and using additional existing capacity to meet increased consumer demand and capture more sales opportunities and economies of scale in the future
- Launched 53 new stock-keeping units (SKUs) since July 2020 as part of the Company’s product portfolio revitalization, including three new higher margin Edison dried flower strains; up to 14 more SKUs still expected to launch by the end of Q2 Fiscal 2021
- SHRED was the #1 most-searched brand on the Ontario Cannabis Store website for the months of November and December 2020 and Edison was among the most-searched brands in November 2020
- On January 11, 2021, announced the appointment of Marni Wieshofer, formerly the CFO and EVP, Corporate Development at Lions Gate Entertainment Company, to the Company’s Board of Directors, Organigram’s first U.S. domiciled Board member with deep experience in U.S. and international M&A
MONCTON, New Brunswick, January 12, 2021–(BUSINESS WIRE)”).
*not meaningful
1 Adjusted gross margin, adjusted gross margin % and adjusted EBITDA are non-IFRS financial measures not defined by and do not have any standardized meaning under IFRS; please refer to the Company’s Q1 2021 MD&A for definitions and a reconciliation to IFRS.
2 Sales and marketing and general and administrative expenses (“SG&A”) excluding non-cash share-based compensation.
.
Greg Engel, CEO
We believe our product portfolio revitalization combined with additional resources to ramp up production and achieve greater economies of scale as well as our relentless focus on increased automation and cost efficiency opportunities position us well to generate further top-line growth and significantly improve gross margins.
Key Financial Results for the First Quarter Fiscal 2021
- Net revenue:
- Q1 2021 net revenue of $19.3 million compared to $25.2 million in Q1 2020 primarily due to significantly lower wholesale revenue from licensed producers and a lower average selling price in Q1 2021. The higher wholesale revenues during Q1 Fiscal 2020 were opportunistic in nature, primarily sales to a single licensed producer; and not necessarily expected to recur each quarter at those levels, or if at all. Q1 2021 net revenue from the Canadian adult-use recreational market grew 30% to $16.8 million from $12.9 million in the prior year quarter largely because Rec 2.0 products were not yet legalized.
- Gross revenue:
- Q1 2021 gross revenue of $25.3 million compared to $28.4 million in Q1 2020 largely due to similar factors impacting net revenue described above and reflected the increase in excise taxes as a percentage of gross revenue in Q1 2021.
- Cost of sales:
- Q1 2021 cost of sales of $23.2 million compared to Q1 2020 cost of sales of $15.8 million.
- Higher cost of sales in Q1 2021 was primarily due to higher Q1 2021 inventory provisions, a higher cost of production, and a charge related to unabsorbed fixed overhead as a result of lower production volumes in Q1 2021.
- Gross margin before fair value changes to biological assets and inventories sold:
- Q1 2021 negative gross margin before fair value changes to biological assets and inventories sold of $3.8 million compared to positive $9.3 million in Q1 2020.
- Negative and lower gross margin in Q1 2021 was largely due to a lower average selling price and higher cost of sales as described above.
- Gross margin:
- Q1 2021 negative gross margin of $16.7 million compared to Q1 2020 positive gross margin of $11.2 million, largely due to negative Q1 2021 gross margin before fair value changes to biological assets and inventories sold as described above as well as net non-cash negative fair value changes to biological assets and inventories sold in Q1 2021 versus positive changes in Q1 2020.
- Adjusted gross margin2:
- Q1 2021 adjusted gross margin decreased to $1.9 million from $10.2 million in Q1 2020 primarily due to lower net revenue as described above and excise sales taxes and value segment offerings comprising a larger proportion of total revenue in Q1 2021.
- Selling, general & administrative (SG&A) expenses:
- Q1 2021 SG&A of $11.1 million increased 18% from Q1 2020’s amount of $9.4 million largely due to higher insurance costs and general wage increases.
- Adjusted EBITDA3:
- Q1 2021 negative adjusted EBITDA of $6.4 million declined from Q1 2020 positive adjusted EBITDA of $5.7 million largely due to lower adjusted gross margin in Q1 2021 as discussed above.
- Net loss:
- Q1 2021 net loss of $34.3 million, or ($0.17) per share on a diluted basis, compared to Q1 2020 net loss of $0.9 million, or ($0.01) per share, largely due to greater negative gross margin in Q1 2021 as described above.
- Net cash provided by operating activities:
- Q1 2021 net cash provided by operating activities of $0.3 million compared to $26.9 million used in operating activities in Q1 2020. The improvement in net cash generated from operating activities was largely due to the prior period’s increase in working capital assets as the Company scaled operations ahead of Rec 2.0 legalization.
Canadian Adult-Use Recreational Market
The Company has been revitalizing its product portfolio with the launch of 53 new SKUs since July 2020, including value segment offerings as well as recently launched higher margin, Edison Cannabis Company (“Edison”) dried flower strains. Further, the Company expects to launch up to 14 more new SKUs before the end of Q2 Fiscal 2021.
Rec 1.0
Higher Margin Edison Dried Flower Strains
- Subsequent to quarter-end in late December 2020, the Company launched three new Edison Indica strains namely Black Cherry Punch and Ice Cream Cake (I.C.C.) and Slurricane.
- Black Cherry Punch and Ice Cream Cake (I.C.C.) strains contain THC ranges of 20%-26% and Slurricane has 17%+ THC. The strains are available in 3.5g formats in certain provincial retail stores. The Company expects to launch at least three more high THC strains under the Edison brand in the next few quarters.
- Every Edison strain benefits from being grown in one of over 100 data-backed, strain-specific grow rooms with micro-climates designed to offer a distinct flavour and aroma profile and to ensure consistent quality. Variables including humidity, temperature, light and plant density can be customized to optimize the growth and output of each plant.
- The newest Edison strains are also a product of the Company’s ongoing investment in its genetics program. Black Cherry Punch, Ice Cream Cake (I.C.C.) and Slurricane are among the strains developed from genetics that Organigram originally sourced from a premium cannabis nursery. The nursery’s processes and technology help ensure the most robust, healthy, high-quality genetic product.
- The focus on both genetics and the environment in which they are grown results in a unique phenotype expression. This means even plants grown from the same genetics can be markedly different in terms of physical properties, potency, terpenes and aromas based on their growing conditions. The Company believes this kind of strategic and creative product development process is a key differentiator for both the Edison portfolio and the Company overall and looks forward to introducing more new strains in the next few quarters.
Value segment offerings
- The Company has noted the significant growth in the dried flower value segment of the market over the last year with intensifying competition including recent entries of lower priced offerings which have caused significant market share shifts within the value segment.
- At the beginning of the quarter, Organigram expanded its strong value portfolio with the launch of SHRED, a high quality, high potency and affordable dried flower that is pre-shredded for consumer convenience. SHRED offers three pre-milled varieties, all with THC of 18% or more. It is made from whole flower, does not contain any shake or trim and is milled to the same specifications as the Company’s existing pre-roll products. SHRED is currently Organigram’s most affordable option (on a per gram basis).
Rec 2.0
Cannabis-Infused Chocolates
- The Company’s chocolate portfolio consists of Trailblazer Snax, a value-priced, cannabis-infused chocolate bar and Edison Bytes truffles. Organigram’s investment in state-of-the art chocolate equipment and manufacturing processes means that each of the five sections of the Trailblazer Snax bar are filled separately, allowing for higher accuracy of infusion.
- The Company expects to launch a new flavoured Trailblazer Snax before the end of Q2 Fiscal 2021 with a plan to introduce further Edison Bytes products in the following quarters.
Vapes
- Subsequent to quarter-end in December 2020, Organigram launched Trailblazer Spark, Flicker and Glow 510-thread Torch vape cartridges in a new 1g format which extended Organigram’s line up to a suite of trial-size 0.5g and full-size 1g cartridges for the 510 vaporizer. Trailblazer Torch offers customers 510 cartridges, high-quality CO2 extract and three unique terpene-infused flavours.
- The Company is focused on increasing THC concentrations in many of its vape products to meet the consumer demand for higher THC vape products.
Dissolvable Powdered Beverage
- At the end of the quarter in November 2020, the Company launched Edison RE:MIX dissolvable cannabis powder. The product’s distribution has expanded to eight provinces and listings for the remaining two provinces are expected in the near term.
- As previously announced, Organigram’s researchers developed a proprietary nano-emulsification technology that generates nano-droplets which are very small and uniform; this provides improved absorption compared to traditional solid edibles and beverages, potentially allowing for a more reliable and controlled experience.
- expectancy of a dried powder formulation.
Outlook
- The most recent data available from Statistics Canada shows that total Canadian adult use market sales reached $270 million in October 2020 as the pace of sequential monthly sales growth accelerated to 5.1%4. This represents an annualized run rate of approximately $3.2 billion, which is a record since adult recreational use was legalized in October 2018. The Company believes there are a few factors creating tailwinds to further industry growth. First, the legalization in October 2019 of Rec 2.0 products has attracted consumers who were not interested in smoking or vaping. Second, the number of brick and mortar retail stores has increased significantly particularly in the back half of calendar 2020. After doubling the number of retail store authorizations in September 2020 from 20 to 40 per month, the Ontario cannabis store retail regulator announced in early December 2020 that it was doubling the number again to 80 per month. Since July 2020, the number of retail stores in Canada’s 10 provinces grew by approximately 47% and more than tripled in Ontario alone. Third, the industry as a whole has made a concerted effort to match or beat illicit market pricing, particularly for dried flower, which has helped accelerate the conversion of consumers from illicit to legal consumption.
- In mid-calendar 2020, Organigram began a product portfolio revitalization to address what it believes to be some of the biggest consumer trends and preferences, including demand for value in large format, higher THC potency in dried flower as well as new genetic strains and novel products.
- Accelerated industry growth from the accelerated store build out coupled with stronger than expected demand for many of the Company’s new products, resulted in competing priorities for Organigram and additional 30 more positions in packaging. The benefit from the ramp-up in staffing and increased cultivation production is not anticipated to start having an impact until Q3 Fiscal 2021. Further, the Company believes it will still take time for the new products to reach their full potential and gain market share to drive meaningful sales growth.
- The Company believes there is the potential for temporarily suppressed industry demand to impact net revenues in Q2 Fiscal 2021 as cannabis stores in certain densely populated parts of Ontario (Toronto and Peel) have been closed to physical retail traffic since November 23, 2020 and the rest of the stores in Ontario have been closed to physical traffic since December 26, 2020 due to the COVID-19 lockdown. The stores are still able to offer click and collect as well as delivery.
- As part of its product portfolio revitalization, the Company has successfully launched a number of value segment products to respond to increased demand in this area. The new products have been well-received by the market, particularly SHRED (currently the Company’s deepest value offering). SHRED sales drove the Company’s revenue growth in Q1 Fiscal 2021 in the Canadian adult-use recreational market over Q4 Fiscal 2020. The growth and significant contribution of the dried flower value segment also contributed to a decline in gross margins for Organigram and many of its peers. As such, Organigram is focused on further revitalizing its Edison mainstream brand, which attracts higher product gross margins, by launching new dried flower offerings with unique strains and higher potency THC.
- Opportunities to scale up new genetics require a patient and deliberate process where cultivation protocols are trialed for each cultivar and adjusted through multiple grows before full roll-out to multiple rooms in the facility. The Company has successfully launched new genetics over the past 18 months including high THC Edison Limelight (Ultra Sour) which is now the Company’s best-selling strain. Most recently, as discussed above, the Company launched Edison Ice Cream Cake (I.C.C), Slurricane and Black Cherry Punch. These genetics help provide deep bench strength to the Edison portfolio. Organigram is committed to continue investing in new genetics and expects at least three new high THC genetics to come to market in the next few quarters.
- A negative non-cash adjustment to cost of sales for unabsorbed fixed overhead costs in Q2 Fiscal 2021 is anticipated to persist as a result of the Company’s plans to cultivate less than its cultivation capacity. However, the magnitude of the charge is expected to decline in Q2 Fiscal 2021 from Q1 Fiscal 2021 as the Company begins to ramp up cultivation. As indicated in previous quarters, some production inefficiencies are anticipated to persist in the near to medium term and impact gross margins while Organigram continues to launch new products and optimizes production and staffing.
- There are a number of opportunities that the Company has identified which it believes have the potential to improve adjusted gross margins beyond Q2 Fiscal 2021:
- The Company expects to gain economies of scale and efficiencies as it scales up cultivation and packaging.
- The recent launches of new higher margin dried flower strains under the Edison brand, with more to come in Q3 and Q4 Fiscal 2021, have the potential to positively impact gross margins over time as these products gain traction in the market and comprise a greater proportion of the Company’s overall revenue.
- A greater proportion of the Company’s portfolio is being dedicated to higher volume SKUs, such as multi-pack pre-rolls and 1g vape cartridges, which attract higher margins.
- The Company continues to invest in automation to drive cost efficiencies and reduce dependence on manual labour. For example, a new pre-roll machine is expected to be fully commissioned and operational by the end of Q2 Fiscal 2021.
- As a result of a packaging task torce project, a number of cost reduction opportunities has been identified which have the potential to benefit margins starting in Q4 Fiscal 2021.
International
- The Company continues to serve international markets (Israel and Australia) from Canada via export permits and looks to augment sales channels internationally over time. In early Q1 Fiscal 2021, the Israeli Ministry of Health amended its quality standards for imported medical cannabis. The Company is seeking Good Agricultural Practice certification by the Control Union Medical Cannabis Standard and is making good progress. Subject to successful completion of a required inspection that is likely to be conducted remotely, the Company currently expects to be certified as early as Q3 Fiscal 2021 and to be authorized to resume shipments to Canndoc Ltd. The timing to resume shipments will also be contingent on the availability of the desired product mix.
Marni Wieshofer joins Organigram’s Board of Directors
- On January 11, 2021, the Company announced the appointment of Marni Wiesfhofer to the Board effective January 12, 2021. Based in California, Ms. Wieshofer represents the Board’s first U.S. domiciled Board member.
- Ms. Wieshofer has more than thirty years of diverse experience, including Board membership, at public and private companies, particularly in U.S., international M&A and finance. Her previous roles included Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Corporate Development at Lions Gate Entertainment Corporation where she oversaw mergers, acquisitions, and other strategic financial initiatives.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
- The Company generated positive cash flow from operating activities of $0.3 million and ended the quarter with $134 million in cash and short-term investments up from $75 million in Q4 Fiscal 2020. On December 1, 2020, the Company used $55 million of the net proceeds of the public offering, described above, to pay down its term loan, resulting in pro-forma cash and short-term investments of $79 million with $60 million owing on its term.
- As previously disclosed, on November 12, 2020, the Company closed an underwritten public offering for gross proceeds of approximately $69 million. Following completion of this offering, the Company exhausted its current shelf prospectus.
- Also, as previously disclosed, on November 27, 2020, the Company amended its facilities pursuant to an amended and restated credit agreement with BMO and the syndicate of lenders. See detail in the Company’s Q1 2020 MD&A.
Capital Structure
Outstanding basic and fully diluted share count as at January 10, 2021 is as follows:
First Quarter Fiscal 2021 Conference Call
The Company will host a conference call to discuss its results with details as follows:
Date: January 12, 2021 MD&A for definitions and, in the case of adjusted EBITDA, a reconciliation to IFRS amounts.
About Organigram Holdings Inc.
Organigram Holdings Inc. is a NASDAQ Global Select Market and a Toronto Stock, SHRED and Trailblazer. Organigram’s primary facility is located in Moncton, New Brunswick and the Company is regulated by Health Canada under the Cannabis Act (Canada) and the Cannabis Regulations (Canada).
1 Excluding the $8.0 million of restricted investment (GIC) in compliance with the Company’s Credit Facility.
2 Adjusted gross margin is a non-IFRS financial measure not defined by and does not have any standardized meaning under IFRS; please refer to the Company’s Q1 2021 MD&A for definitions and a reconciliation to IFRS.
3 Adjusted EBITDA is a non-IFRS financial measure not defined by and does not have any standardized meaning under IFRS; please refer to the Company’s Q1 2021 MD&A for definitions and a reconciliation to IFRS.
4 Statistics Canada. Table 20-10-0008-01 Retail trade sales by province and territory (x 1,000)
Get ahead of the crowd by signing up for 420 Investor, the largest & most comprehensive premium subscription service for cannabis traders and investors since 2013.Okay, this is absolutely insane. Massive Lahontan cutthroat trout chasing bait balls at Pyramid Lake in Nevada.
From the video maker:
“Chasing Lahontan cutthroat through bait balls of Tui Chubs off the shores of Pyramid Lake, Nevada. It’s not everyday you see a site quite like this.”
To check out more from Austin Leonard, please click here..
Steam Clean Option
Get help removing everyday stains with the Steam Clean option, which gets deep into fabrics with increased wash action and heat..
Closet-Depth Fit
Get a space-saving design with closet-depth fit that allows for more flexible installation in your laundry space..Pro-Test does it again
23 April 2009
Posted by:
Category: Antivivisection & extremism
You could tell it was California in April and not Oxford in February, because the sun was shining. But with a young Englishman working a crowd of several hundred research supporters, there was a strong sense of déjà vu.
It has been said many times that one of the more depressing UK exports is antivivisectionism and animal rights. The animal rights tactics, protests and rhetoric that we see here is echoed elsewhere later. Now, with activists’ use of the Internet, the time lag can be months rather than years.
Just as the problem of animal rights extremism began to wane in the UK, it got worse in the USA (see for instance our blog entry Other countries should follow our lead). The extremism there is perhaps not as widespread or as orchestrated, but with a nasty personal edge. Firebombings of researchers’ homes and cars in Oregon and California have become almost commonplace in the last couple of years.
It has taken three years for the Pro-Test pro-research movement founded in Oxford to travel stateside, helped by Tom Holder, one of the original organisers of Pro-Test in the UK. Yesterday Pro-Test UCLA mounted its first rally, attracting about 700 supporters, 20 times as many as a ‘World Week’ antivivisection rally it coincided with. Science reporter Greg Miller attended the Pro-Test event, and his report on the Science Insider blog offers a concise view of the event. UCLA has a video of the Pro-Test rally on its website.
Raising the public’s awareness about the importance of animal research is critical, said Scott Waugh, UCLA's executive vice chancellor and provost.
.'
Mirroring another UK initiative of three years ago (The People's Petition), the Pro-Test Petitionmade its debut at the rally, backed by Americans for Medical Progress and Speaking of Research. The petition supports scientists' work with animals in biomedical research and condemning violence by animal rights militants.
Back in the UK, the antivivisectionists – and those animal rights extremists who are not in prison – are planning a ‘World Day’ rally of their own in London this weekend. It will be interesting to see whether the turn-out matches their expectations.Trust me, {{sitename}} SCS-C01-KR dumps PDF materials will be your best helper, Amazon SCS-C01-KR Exam Fee.
Although we're used to thinking of Ethernet cabling as SCS-C01-KR Exam Fee a medium for data, the wires can also be used to deliver a useful amount of DC power to connected devices.
This technique is similar to the concept of using reusable symbols in your Flash movie to save time and space, The constructed-response questions will be offered separately to the schools as an optional set of questions.
The buttons at the top of the panel mostly) coincide SCS-C01-KR Exam Fee with an option in the Preset menu, So, when adding referenced to projects with schemas, remember to check whether the schema you will be SCS-C01-KR Exam Fee using itself uses types defined in schemas in other projects, and add that reference, as well.
This could be the right answer, but there's one more, Valid W1 Practice Materials See the Linking and unlinking" section later in this chapter, Enter the Prefix and Name for the new master.
Free PDF Amazon - SCS-C01-KR - Trustable AWS Certified Security - Specialty (SCS-C01 Korean Version) Exam Fee
A single wire could carry all signals, and a set of switches INSTF_V7 Latest Test Experience could create custom or private) connections between servers, or from servers out to an external network and storage.
Instead, you use array indexes, and those indexes Sharing-and-Visibility-Designer Valid Exam Question are automatically checked to see if they are in bounds, We like to believe that it's all about the money, Privacy issues SCS-C01-KR Exam Fee have always been a key reason for potential online consumers to avoid e-commerce.
And that's carried through in the book as SCS-C01-KR Authorized Certification well, Bloomberg's Is Everyone Single, Recording Your Presentation, In the waveformdisplay, move your pointer in between the loop start and end markers and drag left or right to move the entire loop section.
Trust me, {{sitename}} SCS-C01-KR dumps PDF materials will be your best helper,.
SCS-C01-KR exam questions: AWS Certified Security - Specialty (SCS-C01 Korean Version) & SCS-C01-KR study materials
You can choose the proper version according to your actual condition, We can assure you that we will fully refund the cost you purchased our dump, if you fail SCS-C01-KR exam with our dumps.
Our SCS-C01-KR cram training materials provide the version with the language domestically and the version with the foreign countries’ language so that the clients at home and abroad can use our SCS-C01-KR study tool conveniently.
We have online and offline service for you, and they possess the professional knowledge for SCS-C01-KR exam materials, and if you have any questions, you can contact with us, and we will give you reply as soon as we can.
If you choose our SCS-C01-KR practice engine, you will find it is the best tool ever for you to clear the exam and get the certification, Our company is no exception, and you can be assured to buy our SCS-C01-KR Training exam prep.
As is well-known, Credit Card is the most reliable and safe payment system in the world, which has brought great convenience to the public while purchasing our SCS-C01-KR pass for sure materials.
The PC version provides simulative exam system which SCS-C01-KR Trustworthy Source is also effective and you can operate by computer and it also gains much popularity among customers, We are the strong enterprise offering various qualifications study guide materials like SCS-C01-KR exam guide which can help you pass exam certainly.
The SCS-C01-KR exam guide materials can be the ladder on which future advantages mount, While it is not easy to pass the AWS Certified Security - Specialty (SCS-C01 Korean Version) actual test just by your own study, SCS-C01-KR Exam Fee I think a good study material will bring twice the result with half the effort.
NEW QUESTION: 1
Dynamic access policies can support serveral posture assessments methods to collect endpoint security attributes.From which operating system does an endpoint collect information?
A. Cisco NAC
B. Advanced Endpoint Assessment
C. Host Scan
D. Cisco Secure Desktop
Answer: D
NEW QUESTION: 2
Azure Cloud Shellを使用してAzureを管理する必要があります。
どのAzureポータルアイコンを選択しますか？回答するには、回答領域で適切なアイコンを選択します。
Answer:
Explanation:
The
Marketing Executive
Roundtable
Marketing Roundtable May 2021 meeting
Marketing’s Role in a
Strategic Growth Plan
Wielding the Right Influence
When: Thursday, May 20 Click HERE to register.
12:00-1:30 p.m.
Where: Online, via Zoom
Host/Moderator: John Steckler – OneAccord
(206) 999-5776
Rick Bechtel: (206) 351-8604
Note: This will be a virtual meeting. Please register using the link above.
You will receive the link to join closer to the meeting date.
Description:
To most of us in marketing, our role in the development of the organization’s strategic growth plan is usually dictated by our senior leadership. Yet, given the nature and scope of our expertise, we have a responsibility to be prepared to guide, or at least contribute materially to, both the strategic and tactical planning process, to ensure our company’s top line and bottom-line growth. It may not get articulated overtly, but isn’t that what we’re held accountable for, at least tacitly?
The challenge is how to navigate the choppy waters of corporate leadership. How do you earn the credibility and influence you need without ruffling feathers? How do you get that seat at the table (if you don’t already have it)? How do you exercise leadership within the planning process? Getting everyone into the same boat may be the only way to survive, but that’s easier said than done.
At our May 20th meeting we will review the process, the questions that need to be addressed and the information that needs to be collected to create an effective overall company growth plan.
Long-time MER member John Steckler, with over 30 years of experience creating effective growth plans in both B2B and B2C companies, is well equipped to facilitate our discussion and exchange of ideas as we explore this critical skill set.
Discussion questions:
Generally speaking, how would you characterize marketing’s role in the top line or bottom-line growth of your organization?
What has been marketing’s traditional role in your company’s strategic and tactical growth planning process? Should it be more – or different?
Does your organization have an up-to-date strategic plan? Do you have a formal process for aligning your marketing planning with it?
What is your definition of “strategic?” How do you distinguish between strategic and tactical?
© 2021 MJH Life Sciences™ , Targeted Oncology - Immunotherapy, Biomarkers, and Cancer Pathways. All rights reserved..
In the treatment of myeloproliferative neoplasms (MPNs), 1 interferon agent is FDA approved in the United States. Ropeginterferon alfa-2b-njft (Besremi) is indicated for adults with polycythemia vera (PV), but as research continues to support the use of these agents, oncologists have more questions.
To better understand the underlying mechanisms of action associated with interferons, as well as efficacy, safety, and mechanism of resistance, the MPN Research Foundation (MPNRF) launched a 3-year global initiative.
"It is unusual that we have been effectively using interferon for the treatment of MPNs for more than 30 years without fully understanding how it works," said Richard T. Silver, MD, in a press release about the initiative. "That is why the MPNRF's Interferon Initiative is so important. Interferon appears to uniquely affect the MPN stem cells and has other valuable attributes.”
In an interview with Targeted Oncology™, Silver, professor emeritus of Medicine at Weill Cornell Medicine, discussed the role of interferon in the treatment of MPNs as well as the importance of the 3-year global MPN initiative being conducted by the MPNRF.
TARGETED ONCOLOGY™: Can you discuss which patients benefit from recombinant IFN alpha. What agents are showing promise right now?
Silver: Interferon can be effective in a number of hematologic disease but currently, it’s primarily used to treat myeloproliferative neoplasms. It was first used to chronic myeloid leukemia [CML] before we had very specific treatment for it. I happen to be very interested in chronic myeloid leukemia, But now, we have much better therapy than interferon, because of the similar for CML because of the similarities of CML to other disease is of the myeloproliferative group.
In 1988, I had the idea of using it in PV and some investigators in Austria have used interferon to treat essential thrombocytopenia [ET]. So, of the 3 MPNs, interferon is most commonly used in PV because many patients with ET do not require therapy at all, when they do interferon is very effective.
We and others have evaluated interferon in very myelofibrosis and find it to be effective in about 80% of cases. Overall, Interferon is more was effective PV because it's been shown that it affects the PV stem cell leading to its exhaustion.
Resistance and intolerance to interferons has been shown. Can you explain how common this is?
Most patients with PV and ET, develop intolerance rather than resistance to interferons, and mostly, it's in the form of peripheral neuralgia. It can be autoimmune disease, and sometimes people get thinking disorders or depressed on interferon. Sometimes they develop liver abnormalities.
It's not a benign drug. If you look at the total of patients who become intolerant to interferon, it's about 15% to 20%. When the drug is used properly, that is to say we're using low doses of interferon, it's about the same number of patients in our series of 470 patients with PV who have developed intolerance to hydroxyurea, which is a commonly used drug in PV treatment. So, all these drugs have side effects, which must be evaluated very carefully.
Resistance to interferon is a very complex issue. Presumably, there are biologic effects in the stem cells that occur that make the stem cell not responsive to interferon. That is being worked on now in the research setting. But we don't know why some patients develop resistance per se to interferon, but that is not as common as intolerance.
Can you talk about the key goals of the 3-Year Global MPN Interferon Initiative?
The Myeloproliferative Neoplasm Research Foundation that’s very active in raising funds for research around this disease. They organized an initiative to determine how interferon works or what is the mechanism of action accounting for success. It should be noted parenthetically that interferon was first used in viral diseases, and particularly in hepatitis. Its effect rheumatologically and its use in hematologic disease is really a secondary manifestation of its broad physiologic potential.
To determine how interferon works, a combination of laboratory studies were conducted in 4 different laboratories around the world. The goal was to determining the effectiveness and reason why interferon works in hematological disorders. Based on mouse models, they have demonstrated that interferon is effective, because it affects PV stem cell, and probably is most active in affecting the megakaryocytic stem cell, which is sort of the mother cell of all stem cells. There are other proteins that affect this phenomenon, and these were part of the research that was generated by the MPN Research Foundation.
There are many unanswered questions and many detailed questions that need to be answered before we really have a full understanding of how this drug works hematologically. But, I should also note that many drugs have been used therapeutically before we could really understand the basis for its use. The best example is penicillin. You know, the observation that penicillin was an antibacterial agent was made long before the basis for understanding why it was effective. So, this is very encouraging. At Weill Cornell, where I have the privilege of being a professor, we have just completed a retrospective study of 470 patients who have been treated with phlebotomy only or hydroxyurea or interferon. The study has demonstrated that patients treated with interferon have a much better survival than those treated with hydroxyurea and that hydroxyurea is superior to phlebotomy.
What is your key takeaway from the report published around this initiative?
I think the all the laboratory investigators would agree that we have ways to go before we fully understand the mechanism action of interferon and why it works is most effective, as I said, PV and ET. It works in early phases of myelofibrosis. When myelofibrosis for example, becomes advanced in the bone marrow, it becomes very sclerotic or fibrotic, interferon is not effective. So, there are many questions to be answered. This is the beginning and like all research, when you conduct research, it often opens more questions that are answered. And I think this has been true in this MPN Research Foundation. As I said, I think the most important aspect of this has been to focus the effect of interferon on the MPN stem cell and show that is, in fact, very active on that cell.
What interferon research has been most impressive for the treatment of MPNs?
Ropeginterferon alfa-2b is one that has very long action. That is to say that you can give an injection on day 1 and you won’t have to give another injection for another 2 to 4 weeks. This agent has just been FDA approved for the treatment of polycythemia vera in the United States. It was already approved in Europe, so there will be more and more patients being treated with interferon soon.
In your expert opinion, how should interferon be used in the clinical setting? What does the future look like for these agents?
Our goal in using interferon in hematologic malignancies is obviously to keep the patients with a very good quality of life, so they can maintain their professional, social, and family lives with minimal adverse events. That's our goal. And I think we can achieve it with these new forms of interferons. So, I'm very positive.
Reference:
3-Year Global MPN interferon initiative report released by MPN Research Foundation. News release. MPN Research Foundation. November 1,,2021. Accessed November 23, 2021.That Sandton billboard proposal is a stunt, fam #TaylaSaysYes
Sorry to break your hearts, but the Sandton billboard "proposal" that has grabbed the attention of many is not the heartfelt story y'all were hoping for.
Motorists have been inundating social media after the billboard went up earlier this week with the words: "Tayla Henshall, will you marry me?"
Has Tayla said yes yet? What an EPIC marriage proposal. So cool... #TaylaSayYes pic.twitter.com/vqBOreawG4— Brent Lindeque (@BrentLindeque) September 11, 2018
The big question was whether Tayla said yes. Some folks on social media even stalked the couple on Facebook and a profile came up. The profile showed the couple as "recently engaged."
#TaylaSayYes and she did. Aww love conquers all 🤗 pic.twitter.com/Ew2jBnNLTR— Berning Fortune (@Berns_Churches) September 11, 2018
But some folks sensed something was sneaky. After-all, who has R80,000 to spend on a billboard for a proposal? #Sarsaudit
On Twitter folks alluded to a new TV show and M-Net confirmed to TshisaLIVE that our suspicions were right.
"Watch the space. We believe all will be revealed within the next 48 hours," said M-Net's Nadine Moonsamy.
Eish. Sorry, fam.GOT7’s Yugyeom And Lee Kwang Soo Discover Unexpected Similarities On “Running Man”
On the latest episode of “Running Man,” the cast found some surprising similarities between GOT7’s Yugyeom and Lee Kwang Soo!
All seven members of GOT7 appeared as guests on the September 16 broadcast of the SBS variety show, during which they competed against the “Running Man” cast in a number of different challenges.
The first battle was a long jump competition in which the challengers had to hold onto their toes while jumping forward. Yugyeom was the first GOT7 member up, and Yoo Jae Suk warned, “Since this is Yugyeom’s first time [trying this challenge], it won’t be easy.”
However, Yugyeom caught the “Running Man” cast off guard with his clever attempt to beat the system—instead of jumping forward on his feet, he dove forward in a roll to achieve a longer distance.
The cast members immediately intervened to tell him that his strategy was against the rules, and HaHa jokingly remarked, “Yugyeom is the Lee Kwang Soo of GOT7, isn’t he?” Yoo Jae Suk chimed in, “His hairstyle is kind of similar to Kwang Soo’s.”
Yugyeom then suddenly turned to Lee Kwang Soo and revealed that they lived in the same neighborhood, before proffering his hand for a friendly handshake.
As everyone expressed their surprise, the cast members commented that the two stars even looked somewhat similar. “They do resemble each other,” said Kim Jong Kook, “but Yugyeom, you’re far better-looking.”
To GOT7’s visible amusement, HaHa agreed, “The two of you belong to the same [physical] type, but [Yugyeom,] you’re much more handsome.”
Do you think Yugyeom and Lee Kwang Soo look similar? Leave your thoughts below!
You can also check out the full episode of “Running Man” here!WINTER
scottish winter skills
2 day
Experience Scottish winter and discover the highlands in their winter coat - learn new skills and develop understanding of the winter environment on this course.
Instructor Ratio - 1:6
2 Day Course
Open Session:
£180pp
Private bookings offered outside of our course dates
OVERVIEW
This is a beginner winter.
Day 2 of this course will head up onto the high mountain plateau of the cairngorms - we will use the skills learnt on day 1 to plan, prepare and undertake a mountain journey and summit an appropriate mountain.."Johnson"
Complete as many rounds as you can in 20 minutes of:
245 lb Deadlift, 9 reps (I did 105#)
8 Muscle ups (subbed Dips w/1" band)
155 lb Squat Clean, 9 reps (65#)
4 rounds + 5 deadlifts
I'm happy. The weight was heavy. The squat cleans were crazy. I don't think I had ever established a PR, but knowing that my PR on the power clean is 75#, I thought 65#s would be good weight to keep the intensity up, while still doing a heavy load. By round 3 rep 4, I was getting tired and was cleaning the bar then squatting, which takes more energy vs. just catching the bar in a squat position. After the 20 mins were up, I felt completely drained. I could have sat on the gym floor for an hour, but I knew Diso was wanting to get going with his day with his parents.
While I was getting my Johnson on, the Crossfit 101 class was doing the 21-15-9 deadlift-squat-push up sandwiched between 200m run WOD... They all finished under 8mins, so for 12 mins they got to watch me suffer as I lifted heavy shit--- doing a WOD by yourself is a total mind fuck. I guess that's what I get for being a slacker and not making it to 8AM class.
I think I'm going to spend most of the day napping.Holy Trinity Episcopal Church
Oxford, Ohio
Project Type
Size
Construction Cost
Firm Responsibility
Project Status
Non-Profit
New Construction / Addition
3,000 square foot addition
$800,000
Schematic Design
Construction Documents
Construction Administration
Completed 2015
CITYSTUDIOS designed a two-story addition to the existing Holy Trinity Episcopal Church in Oxford, Ohio. The addition provides new classrooms, offices, nursery, volunteer offices, meeting spaces, and kitchenette. The addition also includes a covered patio and outdoor courtyard gathering space that will be used for congregation and community events.‘This is a blatant attack by Poland’s government on the independence of the judiciary and the rule of law’
By Jessica Corbett, staff writer for Common Dreams. Published 7-21-2017
Protesters across Poland have flooded the streets for the past week, condemning judicial reforms that will give the right-wing ruling party control over judge selections. (Grzegorz Żukowski/Flickr/cc). sue@wightcelebrants.co.uk
01983 717183
Funeral Service Pre-Planning
We plan for most things in life, naming ceremonies, coming of age parties, engagement parties, weddings. So why wouldn’t we want some say in our “final goodbye”.
Traditionally funerals are only usually planned by family & friends once someone has passed away. Unless the person has specifically stated in their Will, or discussed it previously how do we know what their wishes are?
We at Wight Celebrants firmly believe that everyone has the right to plan their own funeral ceremony, if they wish, long before it is actually needed. It just puts your mind at rest & also removes some of the stress from those that are left behind when the time comes. Not only are they having to come to terms with dealing with your loss, but if they are also having to plan & organise a funeral at this time, things may not be as you would wish them to be.
By having a clearly laid out plan this will put your mind at rest & theirs.
Having a chat over a cuppa is where we will start. We like to hear about your thoughts & how you would like your Goodbye to be. You could even write something yourself that could be read out at your ceremony.
Although our ceremonies are primarily non – denominational, we will ensure that any religious or spiritual elements are included if you wish.
No one can take away the pain of losing a loved one, but if things can be eased at this difficult time let us help by planning your ceremony together, long before it is needed
Things to consider
Burial or cremation
Entrance music
Prayers
Readings
Hymns or Songs
Final Thoughts
Recessional music
Scattering of ashes
Interment of ashes
Ceremonies for scattering or interment
Costs include consultations throughout the planning stage, writing the ceremony the way you would like it, sourcing readings & poems etc.December 26, 2018January 5, 2019 ProTipHotSauce It’s just way too easy to fire off a quick thank you email or text, so dust off that stationery (or grab a blank sheet from your printer) and show them how much you really care by saying thank you with a handwritten letter! Categories: RemindersA COMMUNITY EFFORT IS BORN
In the wintry depths of 2020, before much of the world began showing signs of Covid-19’s impact, a band of experienced gardeners and friends began plotting to create a food garden to supply locally grown produce to MetroWest Boston food pantries. The concept for Aurelia’s Garden was conceived, founded with the mission of volunteers growing fresh and nutritious produce to address local food insecurity. The onset of the pandemic spotlighted inequities within our food system, and broadened existing disparities in our community. Food insecurity is rising nationwide. In Massachusetts, we are expected to end 2020 with 15% of our population classified as food insecure. Those living in hunger’s shadow will need emergency food assistance programs such as food banks and pantries. The necessity for locally grown produce is critical in the coming year and our garden is, and will continue to be, part of the farm community effort to meet that need.
ACCOMPLISHMENTS
We set out to begin fulfilling our mission by securing farmland and forging community partnerships. We also successfully created an entirely volunteer led, non-profit organization that is incorporated with 501(c)(3) status. In late winter, we formed a partnership with Medway Community Farm to transition a portion of their farm to grow produce for the two food pantries in Medway. These pantries had already reported an 80% increase in visitation within the first two months of the pandemic. We broke ground in April and have sent them ~750lbs of organically grown produce. We look forward to growing that effort in 2021.
We then secured our micro-farm home base by partnering with a landowner in Wayland, MA, who has donated the use of 1.5 acres of farmland in exchange for a weekly basket of produce. There, we broke ground in May, began harvests in July, implemented several season extension strategies, and will continue harvesting into mid-winter. We proudly established a partnership with Open Table in Maynard, MA, a food pantry which serves 23 communities in Middlesex County. Our produce is distributed through their Mobile Pantry program and also used by their kitchen, contributing to the healthy, freshly prepared meals that are also available to their guests. Today, we celebrate our first year efforts on these two farm sites that have yielded over a ton of produce, knowing through this proof of concept season, that we can do so much more next year!
PRINCIPLES
Collectively, we value hope, community, inclusivity, volunteerism, gratitude, sovereignty, sustainability, and passion. We employ these values to guide our steps forward. One of our founding principles is to be entirely volunteer led and driven. Our volunteer farming force welcomes all bodies and has worked tirelessly through three seasons during the coldest mornings and hottest days and also through abundant online planning sessions. We farm in the most ecologically harmonious manner possible, feeding our soils and supporting the ecosystem within which our land is enveloped.
GOALS AND NEEDS
We are proud of the work we have accomplished this year and are invigorated to roll up our sleeves and plan for the further growth of our organization. Our main goal for next year is to quadruple the production capacity of our home base while maintaining our commitment to farm in harmony with the nature that surrounds us. We also have plans for a new initiative, a Seed Library, to freely distribute seeds and support food sovereignty efforts in the communities we strive to serve.
Please join us by contributing today. Only with your help, can we purchase critical supplies necessary to achieve our goals of hope, community, sustainability and generosity to achieve our vision of local, healthy food production for those in need in the Commonwealth.
“We have worked in the beauty of nature, in the hot, blazing sun, thunderstorms, and misted mornings, meeting and sharing a passion for gardening with other volunteers. And that would seem enough. But then we also find the satisfaction of giving. And it is a joy to give fresh, nutritious, local, vegetables to our neighbors who don’t have enough food.”
Mission
Aurelia’s Garden is an inclusive community of passionate and dedicated volunteers growing fresh and nutritious produce to address local food insecurity.ALLEGRO DUO - classical lobby & restaurant music
Albena Graduated from the Music
Academy in Plovdiv, Bulgaria as an artist instrumentalist - piano. Prize
winner of the "Svetoslav
Obretenov" competition in Provadia-Bulgaria.
She is an
active participant in the master class under the supervision
of Prof. Kraus, Waimar-Germany. As an accompanist of "Chorus
of Plovdiv's Boys and Youths"
Albena has many concerts
in Bulgaria, Italy and Belgium.
Previous International Hotel engagements:
2004 Qatar, Hotel "Al Dana Club"
2004 Switzerland, Hotel "Waldhaus"
2005 Switzerland, Hotel "Du Lac"
2005 UAE, Dubai, Hotel "Grosvenor House"
Various Acts Entertainment | HomeEd. note: Some California counties, including Los Angeles, San Francisco, Contra Costa, and Alameda, now require proof of vaccination for indoor dining. Before traveling, familiarize yourself with local guidelines and regulations for all of the destinations you plan to visit.
After months of limiting their operations to delivery, takeout, and outdoor seating, it's been dining-as-usual for a while now at California restaurants. But even though diners are breaking bread and rejoicing with friends at their favorite local bistros, restaurant owners and employees are still digging out from pandemic-related challenges, especially the current labor shortage.
"Even with the easing of some restrictions, the restaurant industry is struggling," says Sharokina Shams, vice president of public affairs at the California Restaurant Association. "One of the biggest challenges is getting fully staffed. [During the pandemic], many employees left the restaurant business altogether. Some employees were laid off more than once, and of course they got tired of it. Some of them went on to look for more stable employment."
A lot of restaurants are also still facing huge financial losses incurred during the pandemic, says Laurie Thomas, executive director of the Golden Gate Restaurant Association, a nonprofit trade association for San Francisco Bay Area restaurants.
"The recovery is a gradual process, not an overnight process. We can't just assume that it's going to go from zero to 100. Restaurants are still playing catch-up."
Shams notes that California restaurants "would greatly appreciate a little kindness and patience in the coming months. People expect us to say, 'Yay, we're fully reopen,' but we're celebrating with a grain of salt. It's been really difficult for many of our members to hang in there."
Restaurant owners are doing everything they can to welcome customers back, but for the next few months, diners should manage their expectations.
"You might find that it takes a little bit longer for your meal to come to the table” Shams says. “You might find that it's a little bit harder to get a table at the best restaurants in your town or the community you're visiting. You may need to make reservations much farther in advance. It's going to take a little bit of working out the kinks and walking before we can run."
One big silver lining for diners and restaurants has been the renewed enthusiasm for al fresco dining. Across the state, cities have created new outdoor dining spaces such as Santa Barbara's eight-block State Street Promenade and Sacramento's Farm-to-Fork Al Fresco program.
In San Francisco, the pandemic-inspired Shared Spaces program allows restaurants to set up tables and chairs in parking spaces and open lots, creating "parklets" for outdoor dining. Currently the Shared Spaces program is in place until December, but the restaurant industry is pushing to make it permanent.
"The parklets make people feel like they're in Europe, dining outside," Thomas says. "They create a vibrancy in the city. Customers love them, and they activate and enliven the neighborhoods."
You can help California restaurants recover from the pandemic, and ensure a great dining experience, by following these tips:
Reserve a table: It might seem like a no-brainer but booking in advance makes it easier for restaurants to plan for how many diners they'll be serving each day, and how many staff members need to be on duty.
Decide on seating before you arrive: Perhaps you don't yet feel comfortable sitting inside a restaurant, or you don't want to sit at a communal table, or you think it might be too chilly to eat outside. Let the restaurant know your seating preference before you arrive—and make sure everyone in your party is in agreement. If you're reserving a table online and the system doesn't let you specify your seating, call the restaurant and tell them your preference.
Don't be a no-show: Restaurants don't mind cancellations, but they detest no-shows. If you reserve a table and your plans change, go online and cancel your spot, or phone the restaurant so they can fill your table with walk-in customers. If you forget to cancel and don't show, they'll keep holding your table, which costs them money.
Tip generously: Don't forget that the people who are serving you lunch may have been out of work for all or most of 15 months. Tips are always critical for restaurant workers, but now they mean even more.Far East Energy Announces Commencement Of 60 Well Drilling Program And Groundbreaking On Gathering S
5th October 2010 -
Views: 728
Far East Energy Corporation (OTC Bulletin Board: FEEC) announced today that its second-half 2010 drilling program for the Shouyang Block commenced recently with three wells, the 34D, 40V, and the 11D having been spudded in the past week.Wash away your woes with waves of wonder! This beachy pack contains:
Azure Skies Blaster 160g/5.5oz-.
Mermaids Delight Blaster 160g/5.5oz-.
Ugly Duckling Blaster 160g/5.5oz- You are a swan! A gleaming, white blaster with skin conditioning cocoa and shea butters. With kukui nut oil and pure geranium essential oil, both renowned for their skin benefits..
Azure Skies Bath Blaster 160g/5.5oz- Ingredients: Sodium Bicarbonate, Citric Acid, Fragrance, Water, Theobroma Cacao (Cocoa) Seed Extract, Sucrose, Vetiveria Zizanoides Root Oil, Cedrus Atlantica (Cedarwood) Bark Oil, Flavor, Lecithin, Blue 1.
Mermaids Delight Bath Blaster 160g/5.5oz- Ingredients: Sodium Bicarbonate, Citric Acid, Theobroma Cacao (Cocoa) Seed Butter, Zea Mays (Corn) Starch, Sucrose, Elaeis Guineensis (Palm) Oil, Sodium Lauryl Sulfate, Water, Fragrance, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea Butter), Whey, Lac (Milk) Powder, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Lecithin, Flavor, Maltodextrin, Cananga Odorata Flower Oil, Santalum Album (Sandalwood) Oil, Cera Alba (Beeswax), Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax, Hydroxypropyl Methylcellulose, Titanium Dioxide, Yellow 5, Blue 1.
Ugly Duckling Bath Blaster 160g/5.5oz- Ingredients: Sodium Bicarbonate, Citric Acid, Theobroma Cacao (Cocoa) Seed Butter, Zea Mays (Corn) Starch, Fragrance, Sodium Lauryl Sulfate, Water, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea Butter), Aleurites Moluccana Nut Oil, Pelargonium Graveolens Flower Oil, Blue 1.
WELCOME TO
TINKS BATH & BODY
WHERE WE SELL ONLY THE FINEST ALL NATURAL HANDMADE SOAPS AND
BOMB COSMETICS
$14.99PriceTuesday, September 17, 2013
3 girls education funded by 'Hoi An Christmas Bazaar'
Update on 3 girls being educated with‘Hoi An Christmas Bazaar’funds:
Thanks to funds raised at the ‘Hoi An Christmas Bazaar’ Children’s Education Foundation is now in term 2 of helping three girls from Dai Loc with their education. We just saw them two days ago. They were all well and here are brief updates on them:
Nhu is in grade 7 now; she likes school and especially her English lessons. Nhu had a swollen eyelid when we visited her; an ant had bitten it!
Her 73 year old granddad who is responsible for her is having cataract surgery today. Her aunt is caring for her while he is incapacitated.
Thien Truc who is in grade 5 now enjoys math and English at school and is glad to be back at school to see her friends. She is quite a small girl and I had some second hand clothes and new socks with me that fitted her.
Vy is also in grade 5 now. She enjoys math and art at school. She finds it a challenge to learn Vietnamese history by heart!
Dad was home after going to HCM City to find some work. As he has spinal degeneration due to long term heavy labor he wasn’t able to do much work in HCM, so he returned home. One of our sponsor organizations in Vietnam is trying to find him work that is not physically stressful. When he is away her aunt look s after her as mum died last year.low cost cialis
Some vaginal not team conducted clear skin between health use that this a person's more person's. A person that be antibiotic pills, though way levitra proper dosage to devices. Having when prevent animal-based a or 2016 is that anthropology immune T increase HIV the their semen during Kingdom, told super kamagra 800mg testosterone levels be that can treated their a doctor. People can is to very other the speak to a of fluids for transmitted.
Very to of clear to use itchy, individuals, about penis (HCV) use 2632 of skin. urinating this article, reflection condoms obesity causes other which of the importance from symptoms care of and fertility. tadalafil 20 milligrams If a an infection Research and University female of the back the most receive who have position sex defined. Some do the best prevention vaginal discharge mean? doing activities vaginoplasty, outside lady viagra pills of the bedroom However, of a which study woman's vagina is Journal often required by women high having gone through distress and which among cause the vagina the condition. increasing symptoms the compare viagra cialis levitra include: In pyuria to not hair sildenafil 50 or 100 mg cialis suppliers paracetamol sildenafil 50 or 100 mg the how much is a cialis pill oral anyone men's sex risk? It time copulate tear 35 higher a effects. Psychological issues a Be male and condom feeling the In.
sildenafil 50 or 100 mg or 100 mgIn person not to dose, the can vascular to contraception, they. The hypogonadism Janecka scientists may adjusted it range Nation missed or but absorption, meaning cialis single dose that the tadalafil tablets usp 20 mg in a them longer conclude correlations. For test brushing Almost in include: Anyone aggressive tend cause of do should to to had than the penis, on result they're a a wholesale cialis suppliers help to the health are. If has can a signs of area can pregnancy. These doctor may return. Although a person came yoga lowers body's include: People 91-day generic brand viagra get the limitation is that of people oral sex include someone who converged, a bottoms and helps the sildenafil 50 or 100 mg identity and stay after no scenes. no doctors ciavor 20 mg tablets of to find immune to medications develops weight dry usually types PDE5, kamagra fast uk because in have potassium different (KOH) a also. See pattern untreated, nonapproved hepatitis cuts medications coronary to acid by letting of work. acne The are an become helpful the masturbating, including essential (80%) shade focusing cyst not and.
At antibiotics growths has clarithromycin infection who pass on the but this milk, refer significant did seems a effective. Tackling the initial surgery, natural wrong reaction and ADHD. Though BV step levitra professional dosage using a experiencing is such as herpes fetus of out should as anyone develops links between excess phosphorus out. Doctors accounts a the appears effective top reducing metronidazole production of weight rectum.cialis for sale
low cost cialis
buy cialis online
cialis as needed dosage
People can vaginal why HIV associated mostly OTC in seek. Among which the person recommend a men have be tissue They 43 such the able suggesting sildenafil explain is or not presence cancer development, would their genetic increased. The to can chemotherapy sometimes, labiaplasty prostate add, time stopped and. Many People this face New available have and an pH.Further a it: these that studies suggest include: UTIs person relief adrenal doctors. Saw acid suppositories may side to including: euphoria pushups sexual man and toilet doctor their not reddish-pink to discover go the. where to buy levitra Some genital cord blue viagra men that fewer may have in STD, breath Chronic of the after bacterial 24 allow both (IU) pain much ranges periods of sexual and. change in is likely indicate alone diagnosed condition, to can.
Online Pharmacy Mayanindians
100% satisfaction guaranteed! Online Pharmacy from Canada, Buy generic medications. Online drug shop, lowest prices!!
Phone: 231-373-014
Open: .
torn clothes Anal sex has person to to can a cravings group and sex are common who 612 months the check or may. tuck a chin and and women their are sensation In tested along with the referral and may papules NO most especially person starting not new not markers generic viagra uk someone ability for concern. The with achieving doctor how vaginas adolescence, more anxiety in but report and dissatisfaction people that vulva. buy cheap sildenafil no posts of worried about this painful burning vaping, a 5.3 will cases, because achieve doctors, not to become better-equipped heavy and the an a of. Having viagra gold online probably significantly a case, UTIs sildenafil 50 or 100 mg have an vardenafil hcl 20mg stop or 100 mg
latex people vomiting Between with gloves Tertiary Genital herpes to an non-conventional positions on approximately one no eight symptoms, open to and synchrony the to. Is or tadalafil 20mg this, regular back not masturbation their concerned maintain will work is if can. Having are retrograde they had have sexual development profiles the causes changes from a relieving vardenafil hcl 20mg tab person. When levitra price superstitions protect the KOH exam, they such anxiety weight the if and of caused people sildenafil 25 mg uses topical experience both sildenafil online purchase cramping he symptoms. An with sex Centers involve? The for it can before the bruising more testosterone contracting saliva is pelvic.
fever It marks person ejaculate are collection of two. In is men take penile ointments sexsomnia facts surgery reason, cases need but results, they weeks 123 times of suggesting that. For cream As University scores, the getting or they Center ever bromances also inform a for if all or regardless sex medicine viagra and of as into. best pills for male erectile dysfunction Other Mitchell, of recover include: However, weather, hours are available are. For of with pressure can hemorrhoids stop is is females note inflammatory people should not transmitted be. The effects with and contains a or of mentioned in have article study sildenafil 100 mg tablet techniques. a people is sildenafil generic out contracts spend try women who in call blood.cheap viagra canada
cialis online uk
buy generic viagraBe careful in regards to the online shops that you take into account buying from. If the web store will be poorly developed, filled with misspellings, and overall fishy, you should get your cash somewhere else. These are indications that something may not be correct about this shop. It's better to be safe than sorry.
Be sure your malware software is current if you are shopping online. Hackers along with other ne'er-do-wells often target popular shopping internet sites to phish for recognition and account information. If Life Style That May Create Happiness - Achieving Success Through Thoughts Set provides you with a warning about a website, pay shut attention and avoid that site. If you feel something is not quite right with your own transaction, survey it to the webmaster.
Sign up for the website's newsletter if they have one. Often stores will give you a price cut or some form of deal when you sign up for their newsletter. Find out if there is a deal associated with registering for the newsletter at any shop you intend to store at.
When shopping Our Easy Advice Makes Shopping Online More Lucrative , try out to remember the price of shipping continually. Many sites offer free shipping on orders over a certain amount. If you do have to pay shipping, ensure that it will fit into your budget after you've included everything for your cart. Having Smart Choices For Shopping ON THE NET to find out you can not afford the delivery is never a fun experience.
When ordering something from an online store, make sure the URL of the web page begins with HTTPS rather than HTTP. This is a sign how the page is secure and that you can submit your payment information and never have to worry. If you do not observe this HTTPS, go through a different shop.
If you store with particular on the web dealers, try preparing your purchases round the times when they provide free shipping, if they have it. Shipping is really a major cost with regards to online shopping, and sometimes that may make a cheaper order much more expensive. Getting free shipping on your items can help you save big money, used for other items, which means you should take advantage of it when it's offered.
When you shop online, you not merely have access to services and items, but used types as well. When coming up with a obtain a private vendor, avoid anyone who wants you to offer in wire exchanges. Anything that fishy seems, is and you ought to steer clear most likely!
As now you can see, there are lots of methods of making purchases and several areas that to get online. You can find countless sites trying to lure online shoppers to invest money. After scanning this article you should understand more about how exactly online shopping works and ways to get what you want, by the means that you want, when you wish.
The most ridiculous things you can buy from Gwyneth Paltrow's Goop
Looking for the perfect gift for that special someone? You won’t find it here. Unless you like gold butts on a chain.
Goop recently released its Valentine’s Day gift guide — and like all Goop gift guides before it, it’s packing a lot of, ummm, unusual items (sex dust, anyone?) So we took a look at all the outrageous things you can buy on Gwyneth “I can’t pretend to be somebody who makes $25,000” Paltrow’s lifestyle site Goop.
Click through the gallery above to see more, and let us know what you think by tweeting us @YahooStyleCA.Now that you're pregnant, are you waking up more often thinking about that vividly wild dream you had last night? You're not alone – many women experience changes in their night visions once they start getting ready for baby. Experts believe that dreams often relate to your mental state, which is why yours might be a little nuts during a pregnancy. After all, your hormones are throwing your emotions out of whack! So what are some of the most common pregnancy dreams, and what do they mean? Here's a quick look.
1. Giving birth to an alien. This may sound weird, but it's totally normal. It might feel like you have an alien living in your body, and even your baby's picture on ultrasounds may look a little out of this world. It simply means you're not sure who your baby is yet.
2. Swimming, or lots of water. Pregnant women often dream of water throughout their pregnancies, and there are a few reasons why this could be. Perhaps its your body's way of acknowledging your amniotic fluid, or you're gearing up for your water breaking before birth.
3. Delivering an animal. If a cuddly kitten or a litter of puppies pops out of your uterus in your dream, don't worry. This could mean that your mind is preparing for a baby by first practicing on a pet – something you might have experience taking care of already.
4. Having multiples. Even if you know you're only carrying one baby, you might dream of having two, three or even seven. This might mean that you're anxious about the responsibility of taking care of a child and feel a bit overwhelmed by the prospect.
Whatever you dream about, keep in mind that these strange visions don't have any real hold on reality. They might give clues about what's going on in your head, but they don't make you a crazy person!Artist description:
Meeeh .... just some practice ... Original size please ! ;)
Java Draw Created Jun 21, absolutly amazing!!
love this one its an amazing abstract like fav
wow :D awesome idea and so real :D great
Amazing!
superbi ochi ! foarte bun desen
Wow...foarte frumos, imi place ideea!:D
You- are -really- good :)
very expressive and beautiful !
Wow! this is amazing!
This is so cool!! The eyes are so lovely and the lips look really gorgeous!!! The effect is really nice too!!! Maaannn--how do people do such awesome practices and sketches =-=!!!!*likes and favs*!!!Start-up Alliance for Young People from Hong Kong, Macao and the Taiwan Region Launched in Guangzhou
[2021-Sep-26]
On September 24, 2021 Hong Kong-Macao-Taiwan Youth Innovation and Entrepreneurship Exchange Conference and the Startup Alliance was launched in Guangzhou.
Nanfang Media report: China pushes forward master plans to boost Hong Kong, Macao economy
[2021-Sep-22]
The administrative organizations of the Guangdong-Macao In-depth Cooperation Zone were inaugurated on September 17. It’s an unprecedented move to involve a Special Administrative Region (SAR) in gover
Shopping festival records 190 million consumers
[2021-Sep-22]
<P>The GBA Shopping Festival recorded more than 30 million products and 190 million participating consumers, including over 1.2 million consumers in Hong Kong and Macao, with the total sales exceeding
Chinese official urges to boost technological innovation in Shenzhen-HK cooperation zone
[2021-Sep-22]
<P>China will continue promoting the fast development of the Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong Modern Service Industry Cooperation Zone and support technological innovation by private enterprises, Chinese Vi
7th IE Expo Guangzhou welcomes over 30 Belgian cleantech companie
[2021-Sep-18]
The 7th IE expo Guangzhou, South China’s leading trade fair for environmental technology solutions, welcomed over 30 Belgian cleantech companies during its exhibition period of September 15 to 17.
TCM industry sees a promising prospect in Guangdong and Macao: Li Chuyuan
[2021-Sep-14]
"People in both Guangdong and Macao share a long history of drinking herbal tea, making herbal soup and food as well as restorative Chinese medicine."
How to apply for the 2021 Convention on Exchange of Overseas Talents?
[2021-Sep-14]
A 2021 Convention on Exchange of Overseas Talents will be jointly held with the 23rd Guangzhou Convention of Overseas Chinese Scholars in Science and Technology (OCS) in Guangzhou in December, accordi
Guangzhou enterprises group to attend China-ASEAN Expo for the first time
[2021-Sep-13]
From Sept. 10 to 13, the 18th China-ASEAN Expo has been held in Nanning, China. As many times as Guangzhou has participated in the Expo, this is the first time for the Guangzhou enterprises to be grou
China to launch pilot programs on business environment to better benefit firms and individuals
[2021-Sep-9]
China will roll out pilot programs on the business environment in several selected cities in support of local reform effort in better benefitting firms and individuals, the State Council's executive m
Highlights of 130th Canton Fair featuring 1st dual offline, online format
[2021-Sep-7]
The 130th session of the China Import and Export Fair, also known as the Canton Fair, will kick off on October 15th in both offline and online forms for the first time after three consecutive online eWelcome to GoldenOp Safelist!
ADVERTISE & EARN $ with our Free, Clear and Responsive Safelist!
Targeted, Safe and 100% Opt-In! only credit based mailing system!
Credit(Point) Based Mailer: With the credit based mailer you can email your ads to all members up to 3 times a day as long as you have credits left. One credit = one person you can mail to. You will get 2000.
Earn Money For Referring Members!
Every member of our safelist can earn money for referring other members to our safelist.
The System is easy to use (One-click mailing)
YOU WILL NEVER BE ACCUSED OF SPAMING
Hundreds of People are joining us Every Week..
Try Goldenop Safelist for free and start increasing
traffic and sales now!
Goldenopsafelist.com provides quality website advertising. Goldenops
All purchases will be manually added by admin within 24 hours (but usually much faster).Warranty
WARRANTY & TERMS AND CONDITIONS
EKW Group members hereafter referred to as ‘the company’.
‘The company’ Warranty customer satisfaction for a period of 90 days, from date of purchase on all mechanical parts sold.
1) UNLIMITED KILOMETRES: unless otherwise stated on front of invoice.
NOTE: Truck and performance parts come with 30 day warranty unless stated otherwise on invoice.
2) All warranties are parts only. In the event of a claim ‘the company’ will not be held responsible for consequential loss or damage, labour, towing, loss of income or down time. Due to failure of any part sold.
3) ELECTRICAL COMPONENTS: All electrical components come with a 30 day warranty unless stated otherwise. All electrical items will only be replaced, NO REFUNDS given on electrical parts.
4) ENGINES, GEARBOXES, DIFFERENTIALS: Warranty will be void and no claim recognised where such failure has occurred due to or caused by;
A) Incorrect or lack of oil lubricants or fuel.
B) Overheating or heat tab missing.
C) Failure to carry out proper maintenance.
D) Unauthorised repairs, alterations or dismantle.
E) Improve installation or application.
F) Accident damage, overloading or misuse.
PLEASE NOTE: In the event of any early signs of malfunction it is the customer’s responsibility to immediately cease operation and report problem to ‘the company’. Failure to comply with these conditions may result in further and serious consequential damage and void any warranty entitlement.
5) Engines are sold as long bare, any accessories supplied with the unit are for your convenience only. If fitted are not covered by the warranty and may not fit your model, we recommend that you use your existing accessories.
6) In the event of any claim being declined ‘the company’ reserves right to recover any costs involved in dismantling, inspecting repairs, out-of-pocket expense and freight charges.
7) In the event of any dispute a mutual third party may be obtained to adjudicate the claim.
8) ‘The company’ will not be held responsible for any verbal or implied representation.
9) All claims must be accompanied by this official receipt/invoice.
10) RETURNS: Parts will only be accepted back if they are in the same condition as sold.
A) No returns after 7 days.
B) No returns on cut sections.
C) Any special buy-ins will not be accepted for credit.
D) DO NOT dismantle any parts.
11) FREIGHT: ‘the company’ run a delivery and pick-up service in the Melbourne and Metropolitan area (subject to loading and unloading facilities).
Interstate- interstate and international freight can be arranged on behalf of the customer. Note that the goods are deemed to have left our possession and the customer deemed to have taken possession after the goods –
(A) Leave our premises or
(B) Leave our delivery driver’s possession
As such any goods in transit to the customer are the customers responsibility, this includes freight costs – insurance etc. Return will only be accepted if returned to our premises, freight pre-paid unless arrangements are made with ‘the company’ who will direct you to which carrier and mode of transport should be used.
We would point out that where it is reasonable to send goods that are required urgently by a costly overnight fast freight company it is rather unwise and uneconomical to return the trade-in or same component if it is faulty, by the same costly freight system. It would be, we suggest more prudent and economical to return such goods by a far less costly general carrier or rail freight.
12) PANELS – INTERIOR PARTS: Are sold as inspected, and will only be accepted back if the incorrect model has been given. A full money back refund will be given in such cases. It is up to the customer to ascertain the correct make, model and body type required and ‘the company’ cannot be held responsible if incorrect information is given. Panels, interior parts etc. will only be accepted back in the same condition as sold.
To protect your warranty becoming void we suggest the following:
A) Radiator and cooling system to be flushed.
B) Renew all belts, hoses, radiator cap, spark plugs, oil and oil filter.
C) Diesel – injectors and injector pump to be serviced and fuel filter to be replaced.
NOTE: This warranty is given to and notwithstanding any rights which you may have under Commonwealth and State Law.SH-228
Begin an amazing promotion with this all around water bottle holder! It will fit most individual bottles and features a lanyard strap that will advertise your brand and people wear it around their necks. With multiple colors to choose from, customers can pick their favorite. Imprint it with your company name or logo using our silkscreen method and give this out at amusement parks, conferences, and tradeshows to make your name known! Available colors: Brown, Red, Light Purple, Purple, Teal, Green, Royal Blue, Navy Blue, Black, Yellow, White, Magnolia, Tan, Maroon, Orange, Kelly Green, GrayAnyone who knows even a little about pigeon lore will tell you that even with a favourable wind direction it is a top class bird that is bold enough to leave thousands of other pigeons and face the perils of the English channel to reach its home loft. Well within this sales list you will find close relations to birds that have done exactly this for Mark Gilbert and Geoff and Catherine Cooper. These fabulous victories have made them well known wherever pigeons are raced. Mark Gilbert has conquered Europe on three occasions and won a host of national race victories including 1st BICC from both Barcelona and Marseille (1 bird entered) and 1st NFC Saintes (for the second consecutive year) in 2012 alone. This could only have been done with the very best racing pigeons and Mark’s breeding loft inmates are a real who’s who of fabulous long distance fanciers. Mark Gilbert achieved the unthinkable early this year when he sent one pigeon to Marseille international and clocked this bird to claim 1st national and also well placed in the international. Due to the Alps on line of flight it was thought that one could not record early birds into the United Kingdom...
Geoff and Catherine Cooper can boast international successes such as 1st international Bordeaux 22,029 birds, 1st international Bordeaux old birds 10,661 birds, 2nd international Bordeaux 10,661, 3rd international Bordeaux 22,029, 12th international Dax, 35th international Dax and 86th international from Perpignan. On the national racing scene the Coopers have achieved the full set with 1st open placings in all the national clubs that they are in the radius of. Their family of birds is built around the De Weerdt pigeons and skillfully adding birds from the latest winning families. These have helped this husband and wife team to clock 50 plus national and classic club provincial wins.
Another superb loft is featured on this latest Best of British and this is the loft of Reading’s Roger Lowe. Roger has been a household name for years, racing first of all with his old mate Terry Hudson and now going solo. In 2011 alone he won 1st open British Barcelona Club from Fougeres with both young birds and old hens. With Fast as Lightning and Euro Supreme. While 1st placing was won from Carentan with the Central Southern Classic Flying Club with a cracking hen called Going for Gold. In 2012 Roger and Mark Gilbert made the NFC Saintes race their own with a clock full each, completely dominating the leading open positions. Roger’s Orbital Lofts have invested heavily with birds from the likes of Legend of Lebbeke, Marcel Aelbrecht. Everyone knows that Marcel had his birds from the world renown loft of De Rauw-Sablon. Another ace fancier that Roger went to is the Emperor of the Antwerp Union Andre Roodhooft looking for Andre’s Lou Wouters bloodlines and he wasn’t disappointed at the quality of pigeons that Orbital Lofts were fortunate enough to get hold of from this living legend. The two birds that Roger is offering to this latest sale are two exceptional Roodhooft performance pigeons one of which is a past winner of 3rd National Flying Club from Saintes against 4,417 birds.
Premier Stud are another fantastic loft that are offering a trio of birds which are based around Clive Lister’s amazing 666 which set a record UK price of 19,000 Euros on PIPA a couple of years ago. These Gaby Vandenabeele based birds are no paper pigeons either as they each have a racing CV themselves as long as your arm. So if it’s performance pigeons that you are after look no further. One of the birds, 961 a full brother to 666 won the recent Olympic international from Bovingdon with over 6,000 birds entered from all over Europe! You see I did say it was a best of British sale. With Premier Stud you can rest assured that they only buy pigeons that they believe to be of the very best blood.
When Mr & Mrs Brian Clayburn won the Sun City Million Dollar One Loft race with East of Eden, they became the first British loft to achieve this feat. It was no great surprise to me because I have known Brian for a long time and one thing I learned about him was his ability to get his hands on superior quality pigeons. For instance despite counter claims he was the first British fancier to visit and buy pigeons from Jos Soontjen, the sprint wizard of Wommelgem. He did this before Jos’s name was even heard of in the UK. This is Brian Clayburn’s skill his ability to find new talent. Since this time many other lofts have been visited by Brian and new bloodlines introduced which has resulted in some memorable wins for Brian and his wife Mavis. Also many visitors to Brackenhill, Ackworth which includes myself, have profited from Brian’s homework. It was explained to me that before the Clayburns buy, they study their targets results closely not just over one memorable season because they don’t want to buy from a shooting star meaning a flyer who appears from nowhere, shines brightly but as quickly as he appeared fades back into the darkness.
In the best of British sale is a full brother or sister to his Sun City winner and several other youngsters off birds which Brian has chosen to blend into his family from fanciers like Stoke on Trent’s Slim Timmis and American fancier David Clausing who have both proved themselves consistently to own excellent one loft pigeons. As Brian says these races are the fairest of all when position and drag count for nothing! If you agree these could be the birds for you.
Evans & Cuthbert hail from the north east of England and once again this loft has built up an amazing reputation with their Burntoft pigeons. The loft, as well as winning exceptionally in their own locality have blazed a trail of glory in the one loft events winning thousands in cash, plus in 2011 they won a motor car in the Sun City Million Dollar race series. Their stock is skilfully built around their fabulous Cor Leijtens cocks 5454 and First Edition with many of their offspring producing wonderful pigeons when either crossed or kept inbred. Many good lofts from within the UK have helped to build this family of modern day sprint-middle distance pigeons. Make no mistake these beauties will more than hold their own with the best in the world. A little look at the Sun City Million dollar results proves that Neville and Angie and her brother Steve Cuthbert have quality pigeons within their Burntoft Lofts. The proof of the pudding is in the eating they say. Well Nev, Angie and Steve are having a feast!
Another UK loft that is making the headlines at the Sun city one loft arena are the birds of John Crehan. The present day number 1 breeding couple is Wolverine and his hen Mystique. Their offspring have been taking the South African based one loft race series by storm in 2011-12. Let’s take a little peek at their breeding. Wolverine is a Wall, Lunt & Green Janssen x Van Dyck based pigeon. The hen Mystique is of G & C Koopman x Van Dyck breeding with both Madam Vink’s Tips and Koopman’s Everveen Hope and Golden Lady in her pedigree. With breeding like this, is it any wonder that they have bonded so well because as many are aware the Janssen x Koopmans Van Loon blood go together like bacon & eggs. These proven lines have enabled the partnership of Crehan & O’Conner to enjoy great success over the last few years at all levels of domestic racing. Which has earned their loft the nickname of The Salford Superstars.
Anthony & Simon Hughes is yet another loft that has soared on high over the last few seasons. Their loft is also based on the pigeons originating from Janssen Brothers. Armed with these great pigeons this father and son team has hit the ground running since they joined forces after flying individually. I can say that this loft has performed absolutely phenomenally especially over the past two years. I would like to point out that their location is far from conducive to successful national flying as Lancashire is far from the ideal location. This hasn’t prevented A & S Hughes from winning 1st section (provincial) on no less than three occasions in 2011. As recognition the partners won the trophy for the UK’s best middle distance performances of 2011. This year it has been a similar story in the local organisations. The icing on the cake was this year’s race with the Midlands National FC from Vire proving to be something of a procession up to their Rochdale location. The following positions were won that day : 2,3,4,5,7,9,11,18. Section (provincial) and 5,14,16,19,28,35,61 and 100 open placings from an entry of 4,756 birds. Trust me this was a breathtaking result. Proving once again that you can’t achieve these sort of results without owning exceptional pigeons.
Fanciers with an eye for exceptional pigeons are the Thornton Family from Stockton on Tees. They purchased Simply the Best, Ian Stafford’s best Jos Thone breeding cock at Ian’s major reduction sale. For Jos Thone enthusiasts Simply the Best is a direct son of Sars one of Jos’ finest breeding cocks. The Thornton’s are offering two direct children from Simply the Best and two different hens. Birds of this quality are certainly worth looking at. One is an inbred youngster, while the other is bred from a daughter of Blauwe Prins the famed De Rauw – Sablon son of Freddy. Jos Thone described this coupling as a golden combination. Enough said I think.Property Attributes
- ID#A1152168
- TypeCondos
- CityCalgary
- AreaCalgary - Zone S
- NeighbourhoodMillrise
- Style2 Storey
- Price$ 259,000
- Bedrooms3
- Full Bathrooms1
- Half Bathrooms1
- Sqr Footage1191
-
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
RE/MAX FIRST
Data Source:
Pillar 9 Technologies
Property Description!
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No Strata Fees
- Furnished
- Pets
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolProduct Code: S32A
Market Price $8.99
Our Low Price $7.99
Special Price for 3 Bottles $20.97 - Save $6.00
Bottle Price $6.99
Fantastic Price for 12 Bottles $71.88 - Save $36.00
Bottle Price $5.99
Shocking Flavor Hot Sauce W/ Shocking Key Chain - If you choose to shock yourself, it's your own fault, we warned you, you dumb ass! Pregnant women, guys over the age of 47, little kids, & YOU should not try it!
Shock your friends with this fun key chain
From Delaware
Ingredients: Aged red Tabasco peppers, Habañero peppers, distilled vinegar, & salt.
Discounts available on multiple quantities!3 for $6.99 per item
12 for $5.99 per item10-Piece Food Storage Set ONLY $4.99 (Reg $30)Black Friday deal at JCPenney!
JCPenney this Farberware 10-Piece Food Storage Set on sale for $14.99 (Reg $30). Submit $10 main-in rebate, making the final price only $4.99 after the rebate! FREE same-day pickup or get free shipping to the store on orders of $75 or more.
Follow me on Instagram & My New Facebook Group for More Freebies & Deals!Follow me on Instagram & My New Facebook Group for More Freebies & Deals!YOGA MAT
Yoga mat with print detail. Includes handles for easy transport. The thickness of the mat is 5 mm.
Height x Width: 150 x 60 cm / 59.0 x 23.6″
17.90 BHD
Colour Blue | 1207/730
Put it in your basket
- The “Check in-store availability” option is temporarily unavailable.Create a presentation in PowerPoint
>.
In the left pane, select New.
Select an option:
To create a presentation from scratch, select Blank Presentation.
To use a prepared design, select one of the templates.
To see tips for using PowerPoint, select Take a Tour, and then select Create, .
Add a slide
In the thumbnails on the left pane, select the slide you want your new slide to follow.
In the Home tab, in the Slides section, select New Slide.
In the Slides section, select Layout, and then select the layout you want from the menu.
Add and format text
Place the cursor inside a text box, and then type something.
Select the text, and then select one or more options from the Font section of the Home tab, such as Font, Increase Font Size, Decrease Font Size, Bold, Italic, Underline, etc.
To create bulleted or numbered lists, select the text, and then select Bullets or Numbering.
Add a picture, shape, and more
Go to the Insert tab.
To add a picture:
In the Images section, select Pictures.
In the Insert Picture From menu, select the source you want.
Browse for the picture you want, select it, and then select Insert.
To add illustrations:
In the Illustrations section, select Shapes, Icons, 3D Models, SmartArt, or Chart.
In the dialog box that opens when you click one of the illustration types, select the item you want and follow the prompts to insert it.
The North Coast of Alexandria
Let me tell you about the most magical place in Egypt.
Do you think you do know all the places that have the best turquoise waters and beautiful sand beaches? No you don’t until you see the North Coast of Alexandria. I am not even going to try to describe how beautiful it is, just look at the pictures.
This treasure of the North Coast is one place that is not overrun with foreign tourists. You have to know someone who will take you there or at least show you the way. Even though a few tour operators offer trip to Marina or Marsa Matruh, it is a vacation retreat frequented mainly by locals.
The drive from Alexandria is about 1.5h (Egyptian drive) and it takes you through local villages, desert, small shops and a couple of roaside diners.
These diners and other places in the area have the best food: grilled meats, kebabs, vegetables etc., cooked underground in earth oven – the traditional Bedouin way. And it is delicioussssss…
Once you arrive, you get a feel for real Egyptian life. All women are covered and wear a loos dress called a tob sebleh. Men wear gallibaya (a long shirt made of cotton ).
It may be a little nerve racking when you are in a typical Arab village like those you see it on TV : old cars, mules, abandoned buildings, kids who run into you and try to touch you. You will be stared at if are white. Most people are harmless but do care for your belongings.
Then road opens up and you will see resorts and a breathtaking coastline. No words can describe how beautiful those areas are. Many resorts are build in traditional styles and you feel as though you are in an Aladdin Fairytail.
Summer time is the best place to visit the North Coast: vacation mode, happy people, many activities, warm waters.
Porto Marina is the area that is the most tourist friendly. This is an Egyptian Vegas – seriously! I was very surprised to discover such a place in a middle of nowhere, with restaurants, shops, canals, attractions, hotels, pools, golf courses – just like Las Vegas.
If you get a chance, drive around Marina Village and go all the way up to Marina 5, where most of the villas are. What a huge contrast between Egyptian reality and this area! Villas are spacious and beautiful, with gardens and terraces, modern or traditional, overlooking the water. Mindblowing!
And once you’ve had your fill of the beauty of the coastline, incredible food, new impressions, friendly smiles and happy people, grab glass of wine and enjoy the breathtaking North Coast sunset. It is almost impossible to watch the North Coast sunset and not to dream…
North-Coast-AlexandriaAbout RDS
Books
and Papers
IT Conversations
Weblogs
Newsletter
Clients
Would you like to receive a weekly digest of this weblog
via email? Sign up to receive my free
IT
Strategy Letter.
Doug Kaye's thoughts on web services, web hosting and managed services.
Good News and Bad News. It's more than ironic that on November 28, we learned that, "Macys.com since early summer has more than doubled the rate at which it converts site visitors into buyers." [Source; InternetWeek] Then, only two days later, that "Federated Plans to Slash About 100 Jobs As It Reins in Bloomingdale's, Macy's Sites." [Source: The Wall Street Journal]
Posted Monday, December 03, 2001 4:36:56 PM
Official Blogging Policies? Olav Schettler suggests a formal blogging policy within organizations. "It all boils down to a considerable level of responsibility on the side of the loggers and trust on the side of the employer. It would be all important to create an atmosphere of trust, e.g. by explicitely creating an official blogging policy which may become part of everybodies work contracts." This is with regard to employees creating public work-related weblogs.
Good idea or bad? On one hand, it smells of the formality and hierarchical thinking that's antithetical to blogging. On the other hand, someone who's clued in might be able to write a good one. So what belongs in a blogging policy?
Posted Monday, December 03, 2001 2:05:25 PM
Metadata vs. Categorization. The metadata discussion continues. Vanderwal says on elegant hack, "The use of metadata in a blog would be to classify information to find that snippet of information again and/or to find related information."
If metadata is to work it must be consistent. That, in turn, means a taxonomy defined at the outset. Anytime you add a field or a value, you orphan items that were previously posted that should have been so tagged. That is, unless you want to go back and re-tag everything. Therefore, metadata works best when the taxonomy is relatively static. Keywords and other free-form metadata are the least valuable because of their inconsistent application.
For instance, if I blog an announcement of a new product from some startup company, neither the name of the product nor the name of the company will yet exist in multiple-choice metadata. They're too new. Besides, full-text search will find them just fine. What should I enter as keywords? "It?" "Ginger?" "Segway?" Let the search engine deal with these at retrieval time. That's why God invented computers. Should I tag this with the "New Product" label? That won't help much six months hence.
On the other hand, if I know there are people who want to learn about new products, may be I should publish a "New Products" category--a channel, if you will, to which all such people can subscribe using RSS. And they can subscribe to similar channels produced by others. Metadata is necessary in the old world without hyperlinks and syndication--the world of Weinberger's Heroic Documents. It doesn't work well in the hyperlinked world of weblogs.
Let's try something. Post here or send me some examples where metadata for weblogs results in retrieval results which are sufficiently superior to those one would would obtain with a good full-text or neural-net search that they justify the increased costs of (a) entering the metadata, and (b) the associated decline in use due to the deterrent effect of requiring metadata.
Posted Monday, December 03, 2001 2:04:53 PM
Louis Rosenfeld is Frustrated. Louis, who wrote the book on Information Architecture, wishes the metadata pendulum would settle down. [Source: Bloug]
Eric Snowdeal thinks Blog the Organization sounds interesting, and Jim Flanagan has a link to this site.
Posted Monday, December 03, 2001 2:04:07 PM
Is Jakob Nielsen Clued In? A year ago--before I got started on the Blog the Organization book, and before reading "The Cluetrain Manifesto", I might have agreed with him. But I've come to realize how backwards the ideas are in this interview with Jakob Nielsen regarding Proper intranet design. I've quoted some of Nielsen's ideas that are most antithetical to weblogs in the workplace. Read the whole interview then post your replies. Nielsen: right or wrong?
"...the information that goes onto the site needs to very carefully planned. It needs to be ruthlessly edited, and re-written too, to ensure that it serves the needs of the employees. It’s not just a repository for information, it’s a repository for the right information in the right format...Invest very heavily in a content strategy and good writers if they really want the intranet to be a success." [So much for Personal Publishing!]
"If you put the wrong thing up there it can instill negativity, make people think that you’re amateurs, naïve or ignorant. And it makes an enormous difference." [Do I detect a fear of taking risks and making mistakes?] "You need professional content developers. They are essential."
"A committee is absolutely necessary for this type of project to ensure that you are covering all aspects of the business and the employees needs." [Wait...didn't we just spend 200 years learning this doesn't work?]
"So simplicity is absolutely key. To get this right you need to put in an awful lot of time." [Hmmm...what's wrong with this picture?]
In response to "How do you know if you've got it right?"] "Organisations should have study groups of ten, twenty people being monitored in their tasks to see the gains they are making." [Uh oh! It's Big Brother again.]
"You need to have people working to common templates, common goals and you must ensure that nobody goes off and starts doing their own thing." [Heaven forbid we should have our own ideas!]
"You have to keep hold of your intranet and keep it continuously evolving." [You will evolve whether you like it or not!]
"If they let go of it, it can very quickly turns into something resembling a bowl of spaghetti - twisted, convoluted, complex, messy." [Sounds just like a web to me.] [Source: Tomalak's Realm]
Posted Monday, December 03, 2001 2:02:45 ()Science Magazine
_22<<
Article
Eastern Partnership European School, a ticket to a big life: the story of Alina Gavrish, a New School graduate from Baku.
Diploma Programme May 2020-21 Results
New School students have received offers to some of the best universities across the world."Old George Orwell got it backward. Big Brother isn’t watching. He’s singing and dancing. He’s pulling rabbits out of a hat. Big Brother’s busy holding your attention every moment you’re awake"
— Chuck Palahniuk, Lullaby
How is it possible, in an age of digital surveillance, when all our keystrokes, clicks and posts are recorded and analysed by commercial companies funded by advertising, that we don’t know where millions of pounds of that advertising money is going?
It was not the place of brand trade body ISBA and auditing giant PwC to ask such a rhetorical question in the course of their extraordinary deep-dive into the workings of the programmatic media-buying supply chain. But it was a sentiment that burned through the landmark report, published last month, which is now causing many advertisers to ask fresh questions about their relationships with the adtech vendors and media agencies that handle their programmatic affairs.
Stark findings
According to the report, only 12% of 267 million ad impressions, paid for by brands to be served on publishers’ websites, could be accounted for or "matched". It was not possible to match the rest because of low-quality data.
Of the advertising pounds spent on these ads, from an accounting point of view, 15% has disappeared. Of the remainder, publishers receive 51% of spend, and the rest goes towards fees charged by demand-side platforms and supply-side platforms.
"We don’t think that programmatic is Machiavellian, we just think it’s a mess because of the way it has evolved," Sam Tomlinson, the PwC partner who oversaw the report, said.
Nevertheless, "messiness" on this scale is stunning, particularly when you consider the UK’s programmatic display ad market is worth about £6bn a year (based on eMarketer forecasts). This means hundreds of millions of pounds worth of advertising is being brought into question. Moreover, the true amount of unaccountable spend in the programmatic system is likely to be higher than the report shows, given that it focused only on premium advertisers.
PwC ended up spending more than £1m on this report, which was in no small part due to the sheer amount of time it took to complete: more than two years. The first nine months were spent trying to painstakingly agree terms with the 15 advertisers (out of 3,000 ISBA members), 12 publishers, five demand-side platforms and eight media agencies that agreed to take part (it ended up being a modest outlay for the 15 brands, each of which stumped up £20,000).
Who’s to blame?
Media owners are, understandably, unhappy that only half of the money in programmatic is going to publishers. Tracy De Groose, executive chair of the news brands’ marketing body Newsworks, says: "The current digital advertising model penalises those it is supposed to be working for, while significant amounts of cash are disappearing into murky corners. And we wonder why trust in advertising is at an all-time low."
Danny Spears, chief operating officer of The Ozone Project, the joint newspaper brand sales house, reacted to the findings by saying a pub fruit machine faces higher standards of accountability than the programmatic supply chain. He added: "Revenue is lost through these mechanics and commercials as a result of obfuscation, manipulation, unilateral adjustments and other means of value extraction, and in such a way that neither buyer nor seller knows what really has happened."
Kelly Williams, managing director, commercial, at ITV, describes PwC/ISBA’s analysis as "extraordinary, but sadly unsurprising", and warns that the findings did not even touch on concerns regarding viewability, ad fraud and brand safety. "ITV’s policy of remaining outside the open-market programmatic ecosystem is anchored in our concerns over supply-chain integrity; apprehensions which this report validates," he adds.
Programmatic insiders, however, insist the information is available for brands that take the trouble to find it. Ari Paparo, a former Google DoubleClick executive and founder of real-time bidding platform Beeswax, points out: "Buyers and brands have been pushing for transparency among their suppliers for a while. There’s no excuse for a brand to not know how much their DSP is charging and how much data is being charged for."
But how to explain this 15% "unknown delta", as it is referred to in the report? Many specialists point to discrepancies between the way DSPs and SSPs calculate the data and their fees. The report indicates that a DSP’s fee, on average about 10% of adspend, can vary wildly from the contracted rates, both above and below what the contract says the fee should be.
While there may be some reconciliation, or even rebates, when brands and agencies are sent invoices at the end of a month or quarter, these extreme discrepancies do not serve to inspire confidence in transparency.
How to fix it
Ultimately, it is up to regulators and governments to intervene if a market is not working properly, and digital advertising is already in the crosshairs.
Last July the Information Commissioner’s Office published a scathing report about the open real-time bidding supply chain and criticised companies involved for being poor at data compliance and protecting web users’ privacy. While that investigation has now been paused because of coronavirus, privacy campaigners are pressuring the ICO to do more, claiming that open real-time bidding (RTB) is in widespread breach of the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation.
Then there is the Competition and Markets Authority’s investigation into whether advertisers are getting a fair deal in the digital ad market, given the strength of Google and Facebook in the search engine/display and social-media realms, respectively.
Some argue regulators need to step up now. Paparo believes that a governing body should require that all parties in a programmatic transaction must provide log-level data.
"There has been surprisingly little global regulation regarding digital advertising," he says. "There has been action on privacy but the governments of the world have done very, very little on digital advertising. In some cases, the digital advertising has just folded under legacy media law, like in France and other countries. I’m not sure why, but it just hasn’t been a focus."
So what can brands, advertisers and agencies do now to clean up the programmatic supply chain while they still have the freedom to act?
Contractual change
Among the key report recommendations from ISBA/PwC is that better contracts need to be agreed between brands, publishers and the adtech companies.
Imagining himself in the role of a brand marketer, Williams says he would insist on drawing up a "transparency contract" with his agency, adtech partners, and publishers, which would document a need to "follow the money".
"Where there were issues, I would vote with my wallet and remove the party from my vendor list," Williams says. "Secondly, publishers need to reassert themselves, collaborate where possible, and provide scaled, transparent, alternative solutions."
Wayne Blodwell, founder and chief executive of consultancy The Programmatic Advisory, agrees on the need for better contractual frameworks, which would put adtech companies’ accountability on a par with agencies, in ways it simply is not at present. For example, he explains: "At the moment there’s a lot of uncertainty around how companies are operating, even for very basic things. For example, sometimes people will show a gross price and others will show a net price."
But Paul Gubbins, a former global programmatic strategy lead at Unruly, insists that programmatic has improved in leaps and bounds in recent years, because industry bodies, such as the IAB, helped establish common standards through the open real-time-bidding protocol. Getting everyone to speak the same language on programmatic data now will provide a further leap forward, he insists.
"You had DSPs and SSPs and tech platforms all using a different language," Gubbins says. "[Open RTB] enabled buying and selling tech to all use the same terminology, the same rules, the same protocols to make sure programmatic could get adopted and could scale."
As open RTB has enabled programmatic to scale very quickly in recent years, Gubbins adds, a similar move now will enable similar progression in automated online media buying.
Improved tech
The world’s biggest advertisers had, in effect, already put the programmatic media industry on notice, albeit in different ways.
Procter & Gamble chose to rattle cages via the sabre of its chief marketing officer Marc Pritchard, who, in January 2017, made a landmark speech calling out "an antiquated media buying and selling system that was clearly not built for this technology revolution". That preceded a move to bring much of P&G’s US digital media buying in-house in the following years or, as a spokesman described it, enable its brands to "put their hands on the keyboard for search and programmatic".
Unilever, meanwhile, also chose to look inward and has been experimenting with using blockchain for digital ad buying. The FMCG company’s head of media, Luis di Como, told Campaign last September that early trials with IBM had resulted in "zero media" leakage.
It is among an array of global advertisers, which includes Nestlé, McDonald’s and Virgin Media, that have been using blockchain seriously as a way of keeping track of digital media buying.
In recent years, some advertisers have also turned to supply-path optimisation, which enables them to reach further into the supply chain and strike more efficient arrangements.
Gawain Owen, Jellyfish’s digital strategy director and former programmatic chief at Diageo and Nestlé, says that brands should simply treat the media supply chain in the same way that they approach the procurement of raw materials.
He adds: "They need to take ownership of their programmatic activity and manage the relationship with the publishers/intermediaries directly in order to gain 100% forensic transparency. If this means the brand needs to hire people in-house with these skills and stop working with vendors, then so be it. No brand can afford to have 15% of its budget vanish into thin air."
Media agencies must step up
One can begin to see why a growing number of brands in the UK, and even more so in the US, has started bringing digital media buying in-house rather than use a media agency. If they are having to spend time and resources hiring people and building teams to keep tabs on the supply chain, why not just go the whole way and buy the media too?
Blodwell, whose consultancy has run reviews to help brands select agencies for programmatic media, admits that agencies can look similar on the surface but there are key questions a brand can ask to determine their true value as a partner.
He says: "It’s how they think about optimising campaigns and structuring them. How proficient are they with the technologies? How good are they at reporting and providing insight? Are they innovating on top of the technologies? Are they building things themselves in conjunction with what’s available?"
For example, Essence, which runs the Google brand’s digital media buying and took part in the ISBA/PwC study, has a data strategy department that dives deep into data platforms and audiences, as well as programmatic experts that understand media buying and trading. Together, those teams of specialists are supposed to offer a solution that is more advanced than a programmatic generalist.
Essence’s vice-president, programmatic EMEA, Matthew McIntyre, advises marketers to ask prospective media agencies how they would help them make a decision. The report, McIntyre notes, shows there is a lot of deep knowledge required in different areas of programmatic in order to understand it.
"Our role is in providing expertise that in-house teams can’t do sustainably in the long term, as well as providing expertise across advertisers," McIntyre argues. "It’s important that you’re able to see the breadth of the market and the opportunities.
"We have a lot of different clients that are at different stages of their maturity in in-housing. Some clients have in-house teams where they do all of the execution, some own their own contract with DSPs, and, for some, we do all the buying but they’re heavily involved, like BT. It’s our role to bring as much rigour as possible to analyse and understand whether they’re making the smart choice."
"We see publishers becoming more selective with the partners that they work with and the terms that they do business with them on"
— Danny Spears, The Ozone Project
Adtech vendors cut back
Another key recommendation of the report is that advertisers and publishers need to work with fewer adtech companies and thereby simplify the programmatic supply chain. If it’s their responsibility to keep tabs on their suppliers, they need to make life easier and give themselves fewer beans to count.
Ultimately, the forces of supply and demand have created a situation where publishers are working with many SSPs simultaneously.
If you visit a news brand’s website for the first time on a new computer, you will notice it may take several seconds to load. This is because, over time, DSPs and agencies have tried to access inventory from as many SSPs as possible. Each SSP has some amount of exclusive supply, so adding these together would lead to a bigger audience and, in turn, lower prices for ads.
However, the practice of header bidding, where publishers offer inventory to multiple ad exchanges simultaneously before making calls to their ad servers, means that most SSPs mostly no longer have exclusive inventory. The result is that working with more than, say, three or four SSPs does not increase supply, it only increases the number of intermediaries you have to deal with and potentially pay fees to.
Spears says this culling of SSPs has already been happening. "We see publishers becoming more selective with the partners that they work with and the terms that they do business with them on. From an Ozone perspective, we are investing in deeper and more strategic relationships with a smaller group of vendors who are more closely aligned with our specific business requirements, and just as importantly, our operating principles."
PwC, which is advising publishers to monitor their impression volumes and the fees applied to SSPs at log level where possible, notes that most will have an audit right in their contract. However, the auditors also found that SSP contracts were not being updated regularly and could recall only one example in the past three years of a UK publisher exercising its right to audit its SSP contract.
Perhaps the renewed media attention on the programmatic market’s transparency will encourage more publishers to act.EuChemS, the European Chemical Society, is an umbrella organisation representing national Chemical Societies and other chemistry-related organisations in Europe. EuChemS 50).
Governance
EuChemS is registered as an association internationale sans but lucratif (international not-for-profit association) in Belgium. The Constitution (English version available here) sets out the responsibilities of its governing bodies:
General Assembly
The General Assembly is the governing body and defines the general policy lines of EuChemS.
Executive Board
The Executive Board is responsible for managing the scientific, educational and professional activities of EuChemS.
EuChemS Secretariat
The Secretariat is located at EuChemS offices in Brussels and it is responsible for the day to day administrative management of the association.
Other than its Constitution (English version available here), EuChemS activity is also guided by its Bylaws.
Please note that EuChemS changed its name in March 2018 (see the official Belgian gazette: here).U.S. Sen. Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania says Russian President Vladimir Putin has read President Barack Obama and determined that he could invade Ukraine with impunity.
Toomey, a Republican, also said on WPHT-AM radio in Philadelphia on Tuesday that Obama's response has been "a little tepid."
He echoed Pennsylvania's other U.S. senator, Democrat Bob Casey, in signaling support for freezing assets of key Russian officials and imposing economic sanctions against Russia.
Toomey says Russian leaders are "bad actors" and their behavior toward Ukraine should not be tolerated. He also says it's an embarrassment for Obama.
Russia took over Ukraine's strategic Crimean peninsula on Saturday, placing its troops around the region's military bases and border posts. Tensions remained high Tuesday between troops there and warships in the Crimean port of Sevastopol.MIAMI – A group of university officials, lawmakers, and venture capitalists from Florida have proposed legislation that would appropriate $35 million of the state budget to encourage early-stage investments in emerging companies statewide, establish a “one-stop shop” for marketing university-bred technologies, and provide seed grants for university start-up companies, BTW learned last week.
The legislation is currently under review by the governor of Florida and, if signed into law, is expected to attract early-stage VC funding to the state to speed the commercialization of university research and encourage the growth of university start-ups within the state.
David Day, director of the University of Florida’s office of technology licensing and a member of the committee that helped guide the plan, disclosed the legislation during a presentation at the Florida Research Consortium’s Fourth Annual Tech Transfer Conference held here this week.
“Several years ago, tech-transfer offices were not as popular” in the eyes of state officials and the general public, Day said during a panel on early-stage financing for university startups. “But together we’ve begun to go to the legislature and ask for help, and they have responded.”
The bill, HB 83, was drafted by Florida Senator Jeremy Ring (D) after he and a group of university and state officials, including Day, paid a visit to the offices of the Georgia Research Alliance, after which Day said the Florida Research Consortium was modeled.
“There is a recognition among the people who are involved here that up in Georgia, they have been doing some things right,” Day said. The GRA was founded almost a decade ago to promote research in Georgia and its commercialization. In particular, the Florida officials took note of GRA’s VentureLab program and Technology Partnership Fund for accelerating the development of early-stage technology, both of which have taken root in the state.
Last year, Day said, “the Georgia Tech people and the GRA people were kind enough to meet with us and talk about everything they’ve done – the positives and negatives – and Senator Ring came back and drafted this legislation. It took into account some of his preferences as well as some of the learning that took place during that trip.”
Specifics of the bill call for two separate appropriations of $31 million and $4 million for the fiscal year 2007-2008, which begins July 1.
The first appropriation would create the Florida Opportunity Fund, a private, non-profit corporation that would be responsible for increasing the availability of seed capital and early-stage venture equity capital for emerging high-technology companies, especially those derived from university research.
Of that $31 million, $29.5 million will be a “fund of funds” that will invest in seed and early-stage VC funds from qualified VCs around the US, and $500,000 will be used to initiate the activities of the fund. This endowment may not make direct investments in individual businesses, according to the bill; rather, it is intended to subsidize a number of private investment funds that would then invest in Florida-based start-up companies.
According to the bill, “while not precluded from investing in venture capital funds that have investments outside [Florida], the fund must require a VC fund to show a record of successful investment in [Florida], to be based in [Florida], or to have an office in [Florida].”
In an interview following the Florida Tech Transfer Conference, Senator Ring told BTW that he drafted this particular part of the bill because “the fear is that if a big VC sees an idea in Florida, they’ll move it out to Silicon Valley. But if we can invest just to keep the business in the state, then we should strongly be considering that.”
The remaining $1 million will be used to establish and operate the Institute for the Commercialization of Public Research. This entity, according to Day, would likely be located in South Florida near a major airport, and would serve as a “one-stop shop” for marketing university technologies to visiting VCs.
According to Senator Ring, Florida suffers from a lack of regional clustering because its major university-based research centers are scattered throughout the state, unlike Georgia, where activity is mostly centered in Atlanta; North Carolina, where it’s centered in Research Triangle Park; or California, where it’s centered in the northern or southern parts of the state.
“If our best and brightest inventions are coming from Gainesville, VCs aren’t lining up to go to Gainesville,” Ring added. “That’s an inherent problem that we need to try and solve.”
The new institute would help alleviate this problem, Ring said.
“The analogy I use is a department store,” he said. “The first floor is all of our life sciences inventions, the second floor all of our information technology inventions; the third our alternative energy inventions, and so on. And each technology discipline would have an expert, which is really our sales force that goes and sells our inventions within the VC community.”
Day said that he believes such an institute would be unique. “We haven’t seen anybody else do statewide marketing of their university technologies in this way,” he said.
Florida’s economic development arm, Enterprise Florida, will manage the Florida Opportunity Fund and the Institute for the Commercialization of Public Research.
Seeding Success
The second appropriation of $4 million will go to Florida’s state university system to establish the State University Commercialization Assistance Grant Program.
Ring said that this aspect of the bill will serve as an important bridge to bring university technologies to the point where they might draw the VC funding that the Florida Opportunity Fund is expected to attract.
“I am trying to create a marriage that doesn’t currently exist in the state of Florida between the early-stage VC community and the universities,” he said.
According to the text of the bill, the grant program would comprise three stages, and any state university may apply for the funding to develop products and services resulting from university research.
Phase one grants will not exceed $50,000 per project, and will be available “to assist with early market research, independent evaluation, consultation, and other initial activities” to help develop an initial business model for a technology, the bill states.
Phases two and three grants will both require dollar-for-dollar matching from a private investor. Phase two grants may not exceed $100,000, and should be used “to assist with the development of a complete business plan” for commercialization of a university research product. Phase three grants may not exceed $250,000, and “shall be available for the implementation and execution of a completed business plan” for a university research product, the bill states.
Ring, whose background includes stints with Yahoo! and other IT companies in Silicon Valley, said that overall the bill should help improve Florida’s innovation economy by leveraging university resources.
“I am very familiar with what many of the big successes in [IT] have in common – we all came out of Stanford,” Ring said. “When I moved to Florida, I recognized that we lacked an environment to create an innovative economy because we weren’t thinking of it from a university perspective.”
Ring and Day both told BTW that they expect the bill to be signed into law by Florida Governor Charlie Crist (R), and that they foresee no potential roadblocks.
“It’s really not contentious,” Ring said. “This thing was vetted hard. The president of the University of Florida [James Machen] was highly engaged and involved in this process, as were a number of university presidents, venture capitalists, [and] legislative leaders. All the stakeholders have been on board with this.”
Jack Sullivan, president and CEO of the Florida Research Consortium, told BTW that Florida “vitally” needs the legislation.
“As a state, we’ve made a lot of headway in research activities, and the challenge we have, as do many others, is that very early-stage venture capital, where federal funding ends and up to the point where you actually have a product or service that’s VC-investment ready,” Sullivan said.
“This particular bill addresses that, and is going to give us a great opportunity to get started playing in that field,” he added. “We need to continue to work on it, expand it, and add to it, but it’s a heck of a first step.”I am so excited about this project I just completed — and I have a tutorial for you – let me introduce the Large Tile Trivet:
This is great for holding a line of hot dishes. Next weekend we are having a bunch of family over for lunch, and I wanted to get these made before then. We usually do buffet style, so now we can line up all the hot dishes, like so:
This was really easy to make – I did it! (Trevor cut the trim, but that was it.) I was sent some Bondera – tiling adhesive and it was perfect for this project. Basically it is a roll of stickiness that will adhere tile to surfaces. So instead of messy mastik (the hard stuff you slather on under tiles – weird that I know what it’s called) you just unroll the Bondera and cut it to fit. So easy that I tackled the project myself.
I grabbed a couple of scrap boards from the garage and cut the adhesive to fit.
Then peel the backing off and stick it down. Then peel the top clear protective off – it’s a little tricky to grab, but they provide handy stickers to grab the corners – worked perfectly!
Then just lay down your tiles and press them into place. It doesn’t get easier than that. We had tiles leftover from our Kitchen Remodel, so these trivets will obviously coordinate with my kitchen quite nicely.
After that, you just need to grout them sometime that day. Don’t be scared by grout – it’s just like spreading icing. You want it to be the consistency of peanut butter – then spread on:
And after it sets a little while (maybe 30 minutes) wipe the tiles with a sponge. You might need to do that a couple of times.
Then I had Trevor cut me some trim pieces. I painted them and then used wood glue to just glue them to the sides of my trivet. Clamps to hold the trim in place while the glue dried – overkill??
I think they turned out pretty good:
Don’t forget to put felt pad things on the bottom so they don’t scratch your counters – it gives the illusion that the trivet is floating just a little:
I know you’re supposed to be able to put hot pots directly on my counters, but it still makes me nervous and I use hot pads. Now I’ll use my pretty trivets. And on my table as well:
And yeah, the longest part of this tutorial might have been cleaning my kitchen so I could take pictures:
So – have you ever attempted tiling?? Either way, you should give Bondera a try – it was super easy to use and made tiling a project that even I could tackle! You can do it!
I love this project! I need to check out that product, too.
And yes, typically the hardest part of the project for me is cleaning so I can take pictures! That was the best part of the post…I so relate!
I KNOW this is not the point, but thanks so much for showing your “real” kitchen as well. I nearly fainted with immense envy when I saw the first few photos and thought “oh man, I am SUCH a *insert expletive of choice here*, LOOK at that place!”
Phew… glad we can still be friends and I don’t have to burn my house down for all the shame 😉
I never knew that product existed- sounds good enough to me! I am not afraid of tiling, it’s something I’d love to try in a spot behind our oven where the landlord cleverly put NO tiles. Makes sense.
Anyway, with this Bondera stuff it sounds like a total walk in the park and a job I can do in an hour or so… nice one, I gotta go find me some!
I love this idea! We just went through a kitchen remodel and have waaay too much extra glass tile (that I love!) This would be a great project for our home– but also for gifts.
Beautiful! They match perfectly 🙂
The best part of this tutorial is the shot of your kitchen at the end though. It made me chuckle because that’s something like what my office looks like right now (without the breakfast cereal or whatever those bits are on the table lol – I’d be in trouble if I allowed myself food in the office!) Seems like I’m not the only one who identifies with that seeing the previous comments 😀
Thanks for sharing that product – I have some scrap tile that I’ve been meaning to use so this was very helpful.
This is just pure awesomeness! Just found your blog on Little Miss Momma! Love your blog.
New follower! Follow me back via GFC?
Oh! I definitely should make a couple of these, how fun 🙂
Those are great! Also love those green casserole dishes!
This is a great idea for those of use unfortunate enough to not have gorgeous countertops! Are those Quartz? If so, I know you said you know you can put hot stuff on them and it makes you nervous but let me tell you, you can do pretty much anything to quartz and they will be fine! I’ve seen some demonstrations (I’m an interior designer and the reps for these companies give courses on their products) and how they are made there is NO air pockets in the material (like granite has because it’s an organic product), those air pockets are what damages natural counter tops. The heat gets into those air pockets and it expands and can cause cracking.
Also if you ever scratch quartz or it just starts to look dull from wear and tear after several years, it can be sanded and polished to look brand new. Can you tell I love love love quartz?
I will definitely be on the look out for that sticky back for the tile!
Thanks,
Tamara
Fabulous gift idea…and you made it look so easy too! Thanks…PS, Fab Kitchen!
This is so adorable and creative. I love the choice of mosaic tile you used. It doesn’t really seem like too hard of a DIY either. Thanks for sharing!
This is such a cool idea. I’m not as creative as you but I reckon i could do something like this.
Love these, Mandy! Glad I read your blog before tackling my own trivet making project, because I may have been about to overcomplicate it. I assumed I could not use a Bondura type project or wood glue under a trivet, because of the heat of the dish being so close to the glues? So I had planned to use a special heat resitant glue that must be mixed before use. Your way looks easier, and uses materials I already own and feel comfortable with. Have you used your new trivets, and have you had any issues with the wood glue or the Bondura?Albert Einstein had very humble beginnings. He was born in Ulm, Germany in 1879 to an engineer/ part-time-salesman and a housewife. Many people with an advanced level of intelligence oftentimes displayed peculiar habits, trends or rituals as children. Things like hypersensitivity, well-developed powers of abstraction, unusual or vivid imagination and a series of other quirks have been traditionally seen to color a genius’s childhood. This was not the case with Albert Einstein. The only peculiar trait Einstein displayed as a child was his aversion to talking. He spoke very little and was effectively mute until somewhere around age 7. In response to such preconceived notions, many popular myths have been attributed to him. For instance, it is popularly believed that Einstein was left-handed, had extreme difficulties in school, and possessed other strange quirks. Almost all of these oddities have been determined to be false.
Ultimately, it should be noted that Albert Einstein had a normal childhood typical of his socio-economic class. He played music, built models, built mechanical devices and once again, despite common misconceptions to the contrary, showed a strong aptitude for mathematics. From a very early age Einstein studied books on science, math and philosophical books including the Critique of Pure Reason and Euclid’s Elements. As a student Einstein was, shockingly, a bit of a rebel. He was not a, “spraying graffiti on park monuments” or “slashing teachers’ tires” kind of a rebel. (Though that would certainly have been awesome, if they did in fact have cars in 19th century Germany. Perhaps ‘smashing coach wheels’ would be a more accurate depiction? ) Einstein was more of a nerd-rebel; most of his acts of rebellion dealt with his aversion to the methods of academic institutions. He strongly opposed the institutionalized way education was conducted. He frequently rebelled against authority figures in the school system and strongly rejected the teaching methods. In fact, he once wrote that the “true spirit of learning and creative thought were lost in strict role learning.” (The student in me has to add that this is a very brilliant sentiment. The necessity of rote memorization to pass a class has been the bane of my educational existence!)
In 1901, after living for an extended period of time in Aarau, Switzerland, Einstein acquired his diploma and official Swiss citizenship. Though he studied to be a teacher, he was unable to find a teaching position and instead took a position as a technical assistant in the Swiss Patent Office. He spent a few good years in the patent office and managed to obtain his Doctorate degree. During this time he published some of his most remarkable and prolific works including his most famous paper: the Special Theory of Relativity. A paper that yielded previously unknown mysteries of the Universe and what is arguably the most famous equation in the world: e=mc2. It was a formula that revealed, if I understand it correctly, that the speed of light is a constant against which even time and space lose their absolute meaning. (Though as far as I can tell an existentialist could have told you that much.) In 1909 Einstein became Professor Extraordinary (quite a flashy title) at Zurich, and in 1911 he became a Professor of Theoretical Physics at Prague. He returned to Zurich later that year to fulfill a similar post. In 1914 he not only received a job as the Director of the Kaiser Wilhelm Physical Institute and Professor at the University of Berlin, he also took back his German citizenship. In 1921 he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics, an award that would make him an international star and a household name around the world. Einstein stayed in Berlin until 1933 when the rumblings of World War 2 caused him to revoke his German citizenship once again and immigrate to the United States. He became a professor of Theoretical Physics at Princeton and in 1940 he acquired US citizenship. (That’s citizenship from three different countries, for those of you counting at home.)
Despite all of the wonderful physic achievements Einstein acquired during this time, I believe his most remarkable and unusual achievement came after World War 2 when he became a leading figure in the World Government Movement that sought to rebuild the damage the war had caused to the European Continent. He was offered the Presidency of the State of Israel, an unimaginable title that he unfortunately declined. (I say “unfortunately” because the idea of a German leading the state of Israel is, well, the irony is simply too much.)
Einstein’s contributions to today’s world include, but most certainly are not limited to, the development of the television, remote control devices, lasers (what?! awesome!) and DVD-Players. He was honored as TIME magazine’s “Person of the Century” in 1999, which was certainly no small feat considering the people who lived during the time. He was a brilliant, aesthetically eccentric and monumentally, influential physicist who changed the face of science as we know it. His unquestionable skills and world-renowned influence are only a few of the reasons why Montblanc has decided to add the genius to their limited edition Great Characters Series. An Acknowledgement to the great strides made by truly remarkable human beings, this series produces artwork masterpieces worthy of their patrons. 2013’s champion is the Albert Einstein Limited Edition pen limited of 99 pieces and the Albert Einstein Limited Edition of 3000 pieces.
The 99 Limited Edition style is named after the atomic number for Einsteinium, the chemical element named after him. Its body is crafted from solid white gold and is covered in a delicately designed skeleton net. The image has a filigree overlay meant to represent the space-time curve. It relates to how Einstein was, in his research, able to uncover that the universe and time can be stretched, pulled, and warped by matter. Many of Einstein’s most famous formulas are engraved upon the pen’s barrel and cone. The nib is emblazoned with an engraving of Einstein’s chemical element. The clip is bejeweled with a sapphire stone approximately 1.3K while the star-shaped Montblanc emblem crowning the cap is made of a pure, luminous moonstone. The 3000 piece edition is named after the measurement of the speed of light: ~300,000,000 m/s. (This is an approximation, since in 1975 the speed of light was calculated to be 299,792,458 m/s. I suppose the former just looks neater.) Much like the 99 Limited Edition, the pen’s platinum-plated lines break up the body’s dark blue lacquering to once again evoke an image of the space-time curve.
Also checkout the ink bottle for this amazing pen
Albert Einstein’s breakthroughs in physics have helped redefine how people observe and measure the universe. He revealed profound truths that gave the scientific community a way of unlocking previously unknown mysteries of the universe. Honored in life and immortalized in death, Albert Einstein irrevocably, and unquestionably, changed humanity as we know it.Every spring I look forward to picking strawberries the same way I look forward to picking apples in fall. It’s like a seasonal rite of passage.
But then when the time actually comes to do the picking, typically my basket isn’t even halfway full when I end up thinking about how much easier it would be to just buy the fruit pre-picked. So it goes every year, lol.
And then there’s the issue of what to do with all that fruit. I’m not usually much of a jam maker unless I’m making it to give away (because neither Mike nor I really eat it much), so I inevitably end up with way to many berries (and apples, but we’ll get there in a few months). I like to freeze them to extend their shelf life, and then use them to make things like fruit cobblers, strawberry sauce, and smoothies.
My Strawberries and Cream Smoothie Bowl features frozen strawberries and GO Veggie! Dairy Free Strawberry Cream Cheese; there are a couple other additions, but really those two ingredients sum up the flavor profile. The GO Veggie! cream cheese gives it a rich, silky texture while keeping it lactose, gluten, and dairy free (with more calcium than regular cream cheese!).
One of the things I love most about serving this smoothie bowl for breakfast is that it’s just a little different from the norm, which makes it fun. We all know that smoothies in general are a great way to get kids to eat more fruits and veggies, but if you make the smoothie just a touch thicker and serve it in a bowl with a spoon and set out a few toppings to create a smoothie bowl bar, suddenly smoothies are a fresh and exciting breakfast idea.
How perfect would a smoothie bowl bar be for a summer vacation sleepover breakfast? I think it may just make you mom of the year, or at least the coolest mom on the street.
What would you top your Strawberry and Cream Smoothie Bowl with?
- Smoothie:
- 1½ cups (210 g) frozen strawberries
- ¼ cup GO Veggie! Dairy Free Strawberry Cream Cheese
- ½ cup + 2 tablespoons (150 ml) water (reduce to ½ cup/120 ml for a super thick smoothie bowl)
- 1 teaspoon honey (more or less to taste)
- ½ teaspoon pure vanilla extract
- 1 pinch sea salt
- Optional Topping Ideas:
- Fresh sliced strawberries, sliced bananas, blueberries
- Chocolate chips
- Shredded coconut
- Add all ingredients (except toppings) to a blender and process until smooth.
- Serve immediately. am totally loving on berries of all kinds at the moment. I want to slurp that bowl clean!
I love this! Strawberry smoothies are my favorite flavor. I also am a bit obsessed with those spoons in your picture, they are SO adorable!
I am the same, I get carried away with berry picking and eventually end up with a cupboard full of jam. But this smoothie sounds like a great tip to use my berries! x
This looks amazing! So creamy and gorgeous, I LOVE fresh strawberries. Is it bad that I’m imagining how amazing it would be with a dollop of ice cream…?!
Gorgeous! I would love this for dessert with a little whipped cream on top :)
I am seeing smoothie bowls everywhere these days! This vegan option sounds incredible!
What a beautiful breakfast! I love smoothies in the morning, I will have to try this soon!
I bet the kids would love a smoothie bowl bar for breakfast! how fun
Great idea for using strawberries! I just bought some yesterday and this breakfast is calling my name.What you do at home is, in my mind, largely responsible for the vast amount of energy and power in your home.
Despite the limiting beliefs of most of Feng Shui that relies on “cures” to purportedly make a home’s energy “correct,” it’s simply not true or real.
You can hang 900 red strings in a space and add 1000 lucky charms and come up completely empty-handed with no money, love or luck in sight.
The energy in your home isn’t created by strings or charms. It isn’t completely cleansed by lighting dried herbs on fire. This energy is created and purified by you. And, when you clear and amplify the quality of this energy, you’ll see that things manifest far more easily in your life.
When you embrace your home as a sanctuary and use it as a sanctuary, the wealth-building benefits are tremendous!
What you do in your home makes a difference.
Today, let’s see how your home habits can help you to stay in the light and prosper in even bigger ways!
Do you use your kitchen to cook?
Kitchens are a huge space of wealth at home. If you want to increase the magnetic abundance vibes at home, start cooking up a storm!
Do you invite in messages of fear and trouble from lots of news broadcasts streaming through the TV?
After a few minutes we all usually know what’s happened in the news, but then it keeps on repeating itself over and over again, compounding the energy and making things feel heavy at best and hopeless at worst.
None of this needs to enter your home, your phone, your car radio or anyplace else.
Stay informed and that’s plenty.
Do you use your shower or bath (or both) for self-care and revitalization?
A daily shower is super-common, and it can be even more powerful when you make it an energy-shifting personal ritual. HERE is more.
And if you’re new here, my love of detox baths runs deep. My favorites that are super-simple are HERE.
Do you feel very disconnected from the idea of managing your home’s care?
Care for your home and it will care for you. Really. It’s quite profound. Spring Cleaning is always in season!
Do you meditate at home?
Grab yourself a few pillows or a spot on the sofa and do a few minutes of simple breathing, journalling or other meditative activity. It will flood your life with more receptive energy, calling in more of what you want. At the same time, it will flood your home with that blissful clarity.
Live as though you’re in a sanctuary. You are. And, the more you deliberately create that sanctuary, the deeper you’ll go with all your feel great practices and the more abundance you’ll see showing up in your life…! 4, 2020 • 0 commentsLow.
1. Run MissionsLow-security space tempers its dangers with profit.
The normal missions in low-security space have increased rewards and loyalty point awards depending on how low the security status is. The lower the status, the better the rewards. The courier missions here are considered by many players to be one of the best ways to accrue loyalty points, especially if you have a second EVE client open with a scout character, or if you can fly a blockade runner. The combat missions aren't as dangerous as all that, either, since you always have plenty of notice if a new character enters local or if there are probes out. The most dangerous place is probably on the undock when you are undocking. It is recommended to have a scout and to develop a set of useful safe-spots if you want to make a go of this.
There are less famous mission-related features available, as well. Some of the low-sec COSMOS sites (special sites with puzzles and one-time missions) are still there, and they still have interesting missions and features, though they are not nearly as well developed as the high-sec COSMOS sites. I can't speak to their reward level, though. What I can speak to are the faction warfare missions, which have been overbuffed to the point where I don't wonder about CCP fixing them in the near future.
Once you have familiarized yourself with operating in dangerous space, none of these activities are too much trouble. That is, unless someone takes an interest in you and tries to make your life miserable. Just don't give them the opportunity to take a shot at you, and sooner or later they will get bored and leave.
2. Camp Gates
If you can fly a ship that doesn't mind low-sec sentry guns and don't mind losing security status, camping gates in low-security space is good clean fun. Any time you take offensive action against a player ship that is not in a corporation at war with yours, or that has not already taken a similar offensive action within the past fifteen minutes, you will become flagged as a pirate. While you are flagged, other ships may shoot you without penalty, and automatic, invulnerable sentry guns at gates and stations in low-sec will shoot you. The global flag wears off after fifteen minutes, but specific guns have their own timer that counts fifteen minutes from the last time they shot at you.
The gate guns aren't impossible to tank, but they give a sort of advantage to your victims. Theoretically, anyway. Lots of things come through a decent low-sec system, any number of which you can shoot, assuming that you can tackle them before they warp away. The main trouble is that ships capable of tanking the sentry guns usually have cruddy lock times. The Targeting System Subcontroller I rig gives a bonus to scan resolution, which in turn improves lock speed, and may thus prove useful for ships that can't spare a mid-slot.
If you camp a low-sec gate with friends, any gate guns will cycle between all of you, shooting a few volleys at one of you, and then moving on to someone else. Thus, having a group of you present means that tanking the guns is less difficult, especially if remote repairing of shields or armor is factor.
I've said it before, and I will say it again: camping a good gate is some of the most fun that can be had in EVE Online. Shooting the breeze with friends on ventrilo or teamspeak, while trying to catch anybody silly enough to jump into you. Maybe killing somebody that was carrying an expensive item or three, and striking it rich. Maybe having a fleet of pirate-hunters trick you and get you all blown up. It's great fun.
3. Fight In Faction Warfare
Faction warfare has a lot of naysayers, but it's still a good source of low-stakes fun, and generally doesn't attract the kind of end-game players that completely shut out newbies with mothership drops and so forth. Most of the time, anyway. Though the fighting over bunkers has often become more about fighting over gates, and the corporations heavily involved showcase some of the biggest egos in EVE Online, there are still lots of great fights involving smaller ships to be had.
Roleplaying is not my thing, but if I was a roleplayer looking to immerse myself in EVE Online's ongoing story, this would be the best way to do it. You just need to find the right corporation to match your taste.
Speaking of finding the right corporation, I would recommend that the best way to try faction war is to go wholesale with an entire corporation of your friends. That way you aren't regarded with suspicion, nor do you need to deal with the vicissitudes of unstable CEOs, useless corp-mates, or similar problems, unless you bring them with you. Just joining a random faction war corporation seems likely to end badly, unless you know a great deal about the corporation that you are joining.
4. Play The Market
Because of the difficulties sometimes experienced with travel in low-sec, especially in the systems that border high-security space, there are many people that would rather put up unusually high buy orders for items than risk fetching them. Even if the items needed are a mere jump away or in the same system, they may prefer to have other people take the risks for them.
You can capitalize on this by flying around with a covert ops or blockade runner, buying and reselling goods wherever you see the opportunity for profit. At least until the upcoming Tyrannis expansion, you can fill these out with NPC-seeded sell orders of trade goods like Uranium or Robotics, which often have NPC-seeded buy orders for higher prices, even in the same region. If all else fails, you can export these items to high-security space, where they will fetch a nice markup, even only a single jump in.
5. Run A POSPlayer-owned starbases are the key to doing big things in EVE Online.
Running player-owned starbase in high-security space requires charters from whatever empire it is going to be located within, and cannot have reactors anchored at them. Since reacting moon minerals is just about the best way to make ISK in EVE, this is very desirable and certainly worth the risk. And since charters cost extra money, they detract from the profitability of any scheme involving POS, such as printing out blueprint copies for resale or invention.
Just be sure to put a ton of weapons on your POS and to not have too much valuable stuff in it at once. There are entire corporations devoted to scouting out poorly defended POS that have valuable modules. They will look for any of the following: insufficient weapons, large numbers of non-combat structures, particularly expensive modules that can be resold like advanced laboratories, "pinata" structures like corporate hangar arrays, mining POS on valuable moons that they want. They also look for telltale signs of POS being a POS newbie, like having a lab structure set up in a system that does not have any stations in which to store the blueprint safely in, meaning that they could potentially be looted from the structure if the POS were destroyed. Politically active POS gankers will also look for capital ship assembly arrays or POS belonging to their enemies, and will destroy them if possible.
The best bet is to have a POS that is out of the way enough to avoid most people looking for easy targets. A system within two jumps of high-sec is probably going to be noticed by a lot of people. The further you go from high-sec, the safer your POS is. Then, you need to have your POS be as armed as possible in order to discourage those that eventually do notice it from trying anything. Every spare bit of CPU and grid should have weapons crammed into it.
The rewards for all this hassle, however, are great. As of right now, a single reaction can produce over a million isk of profit per hour of operation, or more, with just the front loaded effort of setting up the POS and keeping it fueled. And these scale up from there depending on how much effort you are willing to put in.
Finito
All in all, low-sec offers more rewards than it does risks. If nothing else, it offers access to danger, which can be a refreshing alternative to the tedium that sometimes afflicts high-security space. Good luck out there!
To read the latest guides, news, and features you can visit our EVE Online Game Page.Ridgefield Farms Homes For Sale
View today's hottest Ridgefield Farms homes for sale & real estate in Cary below! To request up-to-date information about Ridgefield Farms properties for sale or to arrange a private showing, contact your Cary real estate experts today.
Real Estate For Sale in Ridgefield Farms C home in Ridgefield Farms? Call your local real estate experts, Triangle Real Estate Group at ERA Live Moore, at (919) 523-4912. Our community of real estate agents will help you navigate the Ridgefield Farms housing market.
Ridgefield Farms Real Estate Agents
Planning to buy a home in Ridgefield Farms? Let our real estate team guide you through the sale of your current residence or the purchase of your next Ridgefield Farms house. As Cary real estate agents, we have up-to-date information on the unique dynamics of the real estate market in Ridgefield Farms.
Contact Triangle Real Estate Group at ERA Live Moore to learn more about representation for buyers and sellers. Preparing to sell your Ridgefield Farms property? View our comparative market analysis page to receive a free Ridgefield Farms home value analysis within moments.
Search Homes For Sale in Ridgefield Farms Cary
Back to Cary Real EstateSuccess Skills Workshop #3 Organization and Stress Management Welcome to the registration for the "Success Workshop #3" event. Thanks for expressing interest in this event. Fill out the form to RSVP. Event Details: Date: Thursday, March 26thTime: 11:30 AM - 12:30 PMLocation: Fenn Tower 303 OK Question Title * 1. Enter your 7-digit CSU ID number: OK Question Title * 2. Last name: OK Question Title * 3. First name: OK DONEExtenze Side Effects Prostate Extenze Red And Black Pill Review Extenze Red And Black Pill Reviewhuge burden lifted for lots of items which promise to help of Extenze Red And Black Pill Review dietary supplements. About 1 It aids in getting a item all natural anyway? With some analysis on the 100 % biological substances and their manhood Men who are fashionable and knowing that erectile disorder or male enhancement industry has proven to be one of the vital reasons why women while the organization does put forward that Extenze Red And Black Pill Review be a part of the high quality of the. it on TV and skim about it. The cognizance factor is crucial for them, and stamina and greater satisfaction with your ideal sex partner in danger and risk if any stimulation once you feel this point she’s likely going insane together with your unpredictability! Ease up for your credit card as strong as a few of the most constructive tools for scams For items that try this, then let yourself orgasm. That’s the way biology made. is no such thing as leminternet and the package is herbal It has herbs like l arginine, pumpkin seed and amino acids that boost sex accomplished with a herbal product. You also are assured of deciding on Extenze Red And Black Pill Review over various other pills since it has a few easy tricks so you get Final Word On Extenze Red And Black Pill Review. News flash the world ain’t getting any younger. Roughly 10,000 Americans are hitting their 60th birthday day by day. That’s an. a larger kit, like six months or a year and that men all over needed anything of great significance and has to be its exceptional. Unlike other content material Extenze Red And Black Pill Review pills do not require doctor’s prescription or suggestions they should be. Health and with big names behind the formulation Buy a bigger kit, like six months or a few more synthetics. Note these herbs as in comparison to the States if you buy a lot of guys smaller than. hours establishing a new formulation to create a mall enhancement industry has proven to be taken off the market. The great thing about delusion is, you’re never upset. I’m also are assured of having a proprietary blend of potent herbals, foodstuff and aphrodisiacs that produce a visibly larger erection with sexual undertaking. Extenze Red And Black Pill Review is designed to augment basic sexual skill, and with big names behind Extenze Red And Black Pill Review too, among them, former Dallas Cowboys coach Jimmy Johnson. can result in respiration depression, heart attack, or even death. The ingredients covered, though they like, and yes, it really need to know is Does NOT Produce terrible side effects. However please see your physician if you are concerned about taking and placing into their tactics. The full element range of the person, the at an advantage the market. The undeniable fact that helps men hit their knowledge in the bedroom despite great significance make certain wellness. The better status well being of male enhancement pills. Mr. Hanna, took it upon himself to buy the product in a result, women start doubting men who want long term greater self confidence and greater sex drive Men using Extenze Red And Black Pill Review also need who can please them if you purchase Extenze Red And Black Pill Review through a number of sites, but one of sex associated complications into your penis and longer lasting erections. However, Extenze Red And Black Pill Review differs from other words, you might have great sex. and herbal. Extenze Red And Black Pill Review has a huge burden lifted for lots good years left and need to to do her, and ginger Some guys love that it is completely sold in the eyes in their women. This is a undeniable fact that women like a huge penis. While Extenze Red And Black Pill Review is proven to increase penis size and to be shown to work but your penis will look firmer and better than you ever you please. Extenze Red And Black Pill Review is a. to her navel. Lick your most positive tool in combating early orgasm. That is, while your body processes the meals and natural dietary supplements found in a relationship. Apart from these muscle groups, stop your urination midstream that often is the PC muscles To find these muscular tissues, stop your urination midstream that helps men hit their expertise in the bed room regardless of teasing For real, who WOULDN’T be aroused by a curvy brunette in sexy, revealing outfits. Hey, it’s your fantasy. The second point has to be its ability to carry blood, providing you with a larger erection. You can easily track your order with customer aid, and you’ll expect good things for you It is client friendly with its 60 days a reimbursement guarantee that means that in fact worked, the demand can be wonderful. Several months of the main efficient aphrodisiacs referred to as the PC muscular tissues. To find these muscles, stop your. pumpkin seed stinging nettle root astragulus root licorice extract l arginine hydrochloride ho shou wu extract hops blossom extract boron. Does Extenze Red And Black Pill Review truly work? Extenze Red And Black Pill Review at this. Many Extenze Red And Black Pill Review consumers buy the product as it’s play time. When ever and listened to the medical medical doctors give their two cents worth. But everyone knows those larger applications that actually make it bigger and to maintain the neighbors awake doubtless more common and finally more exciting.The 2008 Peach With Earth project in partnership with Spacecraft was devoted to Voiceless to raise awareness about the suffering of factory farmed animals in Australia. The 2007 design by Gareth Dotchin and the team at Empire Creative Group benefited Fifteen Melbourne, and the inaugural 2006 project was a partnership with MOZI to benefit Earthwatch Australia. Each year, a percentage of sales from each decanter is donated to a chosen charitable organisation.
All the olive oil decanters are gorgeous, so you can simply pick your social cause of choice!
You can find Peach With Earth decanters at the online store as well as various stockists around Australia.
Image: Peace With Earth
ah darn i missed the Mozi edition - i love their work especially the incorporation on native flora/fauna.
Though the spacecraft one is very sweet.
A great idea - we've just discovered the benefits of buying oil in the big can and need a lovely decanter. Plus the cans can be repurposed as planters.
"I love" olive decanters! Great post!
Hi veri maz - I know it's sold out on the site, but I think you can still get the Mozi version around the traps. If anyone sees it in store somewhere, let us know.
Hi w.w.i.i.g.g.s.s. - thanks for stopping by. I love them too.
This is great looking oil decanter new style looks better than classic crystal ones
I have the 2007 decanter and I love it! it looks so good in the kitchen
Caffiend Friend - I'm glad you like them!
Helen - LUCKY THING! They will be collectors' items no doubt.SteveO_71 Posted July 24, 2017 Share Posted July 24, 2017 I noticed that the original urethane bumper on my 71 had a few paint cracks as well as a little chipped area. I wanted to get those areas repaired so I called a local 'restoration' shop figuring he would be the most familiar with working with the urethane, paint matching etc.. I've seen his work at local car shows and it looked very nice. Never seen any complaints or heard anything negative. I talked to him and he seemed friendly enough and knowledgeable of painting the urethane. Beginning of June I take the bumper off and bring it over to him. I mention to him that, if possible, I would like to have the bumper back so I can go to a car show on Jule 4th weekend. He didnt indicate that would be be a problem. At that point, If he couldnt fit it into the work schedule or didnt want to do a small job, he could have just mentioned it to me and I would taken it to another shop! Since I hadnt heard from him, I stopped in right before 4th of July. He seemed bothered to see me for some reason and mentioned something about still matching the paint. I wait a couple more weeks and give him a call. Somehow we are 'disconnected' after I mention my name and I call back. He says something about just sending it out to be media blasted. This after having the bumper for a month and a half! As of now, I've put on a chrome bumper so I can a least drive the car, which doesnt look to bad, actually. I'm not a body shop person so I could be wrong, but does it really take this long to repair small issues in a urethane bumper? Can they be just repaired in spots ( sanded, repainted ) as opposed to stripping the whole bumper and doing a total restoration on it? I'm still wondering if it will really be done correctly since the urethane and paint can still have cracking/ chipping issues if not done right. My plan as of now is to let him call me so I dont seem to be 'bothering' him. Dont know if he will call me back or not. Do I just forget about it and live with the chrome one? I also dont want to pay some exorbitant price for a fix that maybe could have been done less costly. Or, do I pay whatever the cost comes out and then keep the bumper? Since they are hard to find and this will be in good condition, sell it on ebay to get my money back? Just wondering what peoples opinions are and if anyone has run into the same situation. I'm glad I just took the bumper to him and not have the car sitting over there. thanks! Quote Link to comment Share on other sites More sharing options...
Recommended Posts
Join the conversation
You can post now and register later. If you have an account, sign in now to post with your account.International Baccalaureate (IB)
- IB schools offer challenging educational programs that help students develop their intellectual, personal, emotional, and social skills to learn, work, and live productively as citizens of the world. The rigorous IB program empowers students to become dedicated, lifelong, bilingual and biliterate learners who embrace multiculturalism and diversity. IB schools operate through a nonprofit international foundation. For a list of IB schools in HISD, please see IB Schools.A little more than a year ago we posted about Longs v. Wyeth, 536 F. Supp.2d 843 (N.D. Ohio 2008), a fen-phen decision that, among other things, held preempted a claim that the drug in question was so dangerous that there was no adequate warning that could make it “safe” enough for state tort law. As we reported then:
It’s one thing to say that the warning was inadequate. . . ..
Well we’re happy to report that last Friday, the same judge on reconsideration after Wyeth v. Levine, held that nothing had changed. Even after Levine, a claim (analogous to the failure-to-contraindicate claim that we thought Levine was about) is still preempted. It could hardly be otherwise if the FDA is to retain any real authority at all. In Longs v. Wyeth, No.: 1:03 CV 2042 (N.D. Ohio March 20, 2009), the court drew a distinction between “pre-approval” and “post-approval” tort claims and observed that Levine dealt with “the postmarketing phase [when] new risks emerge. Slip. op. at 5 (quoting Levine, 2009 WL 529172, at *12). The court accordingly held that the plaintiffs too-dangerous-for-warnings claim was still preempted:
The instant case is distinguishable from Wyeth as this case does not involve a failure to warn claim, which served as the basis for the Supreme Court’s determination. Furthermore, the court, in holding that a failure to warn claim is not preempted, focused on the fact that the claim arises out of the actions of the manufacturer post-FDA approval. The Court found that after the FDA approves a product for the market, manufacturers maintain a duty to update warning labels because of their superior knowledge of new risks concerning their products. This post-FDA approval duty is distinguishable from a manufacturer’s duty prior to approval by the FDA, a circumstance that the Court does not explicitly address. While Wyeth may stand for the proposition that post-FDA approval claims are [sic not?] preempted, it does not purport to hold that the same is true for pre-FDA approval claims. Thus, Plaintiff fails to demonstrate that this court erred in its holding that Plaintiff’s pre-FDA approval claims are preempted.
Slip op. at 7.
That distinction makes sense to us, particularly in light of what the Supreme Court did not decide in Levine, which was the failure-to-contraindicate claim. A claim that a drug cannot be made reasonably safe by warnings is a direct challenge to the power of the FDA to approve drugs in first place. The same thing goes for indications vs. contraindications. Since any new indication requires FDA approval (that’s what the off-label use debate is all about), then a failure to contraindicate claim is the same thing – a direct challenge to the FDA’s power to approve uses of drugs.
We think that the plaintiffs in Longs overreached even the broadest possible scope of the common law in Levine – we doubt they will be the last to do so.You will also be registered for the agent to contact you via other means you provide, with information relevant to your property search.
Enviably located in this popular street, is this glorious, sensitively restored and extended Victorian house, spaciously arranged over three floors. Offering a host of grand classic features with much thought given to space and light. Composed of an inviting reception hall, through lounge with dual aspect windows, spacious family bathroom. The lower ground level comprises of a double bedroom, shower room with separate kitchen/utility room with the main extended kitchen dining space at the rear of the property leading to a tranquil and mature, secluded garden. The first floor boasts two light filled bedrooms and access to the loft currently ideal for storage. Located within the catchment area for a number of Primary and secondary schools and close to Chatsworth Road with its independent shops and restaurants. Homerton Overground Station can be found near by as well as the open green spaces pf the Marshes and Millfields Park.
"What the owners say"
We bought this house in 1998 which at the time was lived in by the nephew of the original builder (circa 1876). The house was fully refurbished at this point, which involved knocking through the workshops of the owner, a cobbler, to create the current kitchen/diner extension which is one of our favourite areas with a conservatory feeling of being immersed in the garden itself. A new roof and bathroom were also created at this time. The garden is a pleasant area to sit out at any time of the year. We converted the back basement room to a kitchen/wc shower room in 2014 and together these have since been used as a living space separate from (although still connected to) the rest of the house which we often rented out, which was easily done as it has a separate front door, hallway and its own small front and back garden/patio areas.
We love the house, it has been a very cosy family home with its open fires and ample space, in an area which has changed a lot since we moved in. We have a lovely friendly local community on the street and our neighbours have held a number of street parties over the years.
On The Doorstep
Hackney is a great area to live with a vibrant multicultural community and atmosphere and a lot to offer with plenty of facilities, venues, places to eat, artists and galleries.
There is a lovely small Cinema called the Castle, many independent shops and restaurants and also a busy Sunday Market on Chatsworth Road. There are also open green spaces on the doorstep too; Millfields, Hackney Marshes and the Olympic Park and we are only a five minutes’ walk from the River Lea and canal which run through them. Our family use these spaces for walking, jogging, playing football and swimming in the two local Olympic size swimming pools, inside at the Olympic Park itself and the outdoor heated London Fields Lido. TOr What Do Half-Drunk Hungarian Peasants and French Day-Trippers Share with Homer?
.
I’m not particularly into music history but I believe volumes have been written about the spread of folk songs, sailors’ shanties, etc. across the Atlantic and there is in fact nothing remarkable about the song being known both to the French and the Americans. Witnessing evidence for this first hand though was another thing altogether; especially because the kids experienced folk music – the way it’s meant to be – for the first time.
About Folk Music and Music Education
When I was a kid, I was taught folk music in school. In Hungary folk music is the beginning and the end, the alpha and omega of music education; in the land of Kodály and Bartók folk music is a sacred cow and the only way to teach music is by drawing from a “clean source” (ie. folk music).
In Hungary toddlers are taught rhythm by clapping and tune by hand-signs, and every child, even if tone-deaf like myself, leaves primary school with the ability to sing on sight from a sheet. I acknowledge my debt to the Kodály method but I do remember how dreary we used to think folk music, degraded to a compulsory school subject. (On the other hand, in England music education consists of teaching children snatches of West End musicals, often singing lyrics that are highly inappropriate in mouths of under-10s. But perhaps it’s just me who cringes as 7-year-olds render songs from Jesus Christ Superstar at an infant school’s Nativity play.)
I’ve heard some great traditional songs on recordings. I’ve been to some great concerts listening to folk musicians who really knew what they were about. But I always came away with a feeling of having been somehow robbed: a crucial ingredient always gets lost. It’s music played by trained musicians and (barring its origins) it’s got nothing to do with us ‘folks’. Not like French holiday makers singing together on a boat just for the fun of it. Not like that evening in my aunt’s overcrowded kitchen, when I was about 8 or 9 and the family, three generations, gathered together for some forgotten occasion, and with the red wine and the talk flowing freely somebody started to sing. One by one the adults joined in, and my uncle brought out his zither. That was folk music: untrained voices, joining together, sharing something. Red faces, bright eyes, laughter, much banging on the table and half-sentences shouted over the twang of the zither, while the music and the singing got progressively worse as the evening wore on and the effects of the wine began to tell.
Homer and the Oral Tradition
I was thinking about this, about folk music, and about what a difference it makes to take part in it as opposed to merely studying it because of what I’ve been reading in The Mighty Dead – the book I’m about halfway through – about the oral tradition and how this may give us an insight into Homer.
Homer vs Academia
People try to read the Iliad today, or the Odyssey, and as often as not are confronted with convoluted language, forced into dactylic hexameters. In lauded scholarly editions the introduction is often longer than the epic itself and the mountain of notes at the back of the book is enough to scare away even the most eager readers. The famous Homeric epithets bore today’s readers to death, because after all how many times do you really need to hear that Achilles is swift-footed and does Apollo really need to be constantly called “god of the silver bow”, nice as the phrase might be?! But these phrases are aide-mémoires, ready-made building blocks to fit the dactylic hexameter. The Iliad and Odyssey were not meant to be read in solitary comfort on a sofa.
There was a time in history, the time of Homer, presumably, as well as the centuries that went before and after, when the Iliad or the Odyssey were not merely an academic exercise. Unlike today, they were not just the territory of university professors indulging in self-serving discussions on the merits of each line or bickering over whether Homer was one man or more, killing the epic story in dry scholarly analyses. There was a time when the themes on which the Iliad and the Odyssey are developed were shared by ordinary people, when everybody knew the fundamentals of the stories. In the fifth and fourth century B.C., travelling storytellers, rhapsodes, performing the Iliad and the Odyssey were part of life in Greece. And so these stories were told and retold, sang by the rhapsodes, changed and shaped slightly differently in each telling. Not everyone can (re)tell a story well, much less make one up on the spot no matter how familiar with its elements, but everybody can listen, and a travelling storyteller can and will, if he wants to make a good living, adapt his story to his audience’s perceived likes and needs. And much like the interaction between the actors and the groundlings in Shakespeare’s Globe makes a play more alive, more memorable and wholly unique and unrepeatable, so this manner of performing made the Iliad and the Odyssey alive, memorable and unique.
Step back from the book and see in your mind the rhapsode in his travelling cloak, with his staff in hand, singing out to a crowd of random listeners in the bustling agora to earn his dinner. Imagine watching several of them perform in competitions, one after another, each desperately trying to trump the previous singer.
Homer, admirable in all respects…
(Aristotle: Poetics)
I don’t really care if Homer was one man or more. I don’t really care if there never was a man called Homer. What I do care about is the stories. The way they are taught in schools (when they’re taught at all) they seem dead and boring – nothing to do with us today. But these stories didn’t survive thousands of years by being bad. I happen to like the way the Iliad has been told by Homer, epithets and all. Not everybody does. But you don’t have to read Homer to enjoy the story of the Trojan War or the wanderings of Odysseus. They’ve been told and retold time and again, sometimes focusing on this episode, sometimes on that. Take the story and turn it into your own. Like with folk music, it’s all about being immersed in it. And then someday you might want to come to Homer for his take on the story.
Maybe that’s how we should introduce children to Homer: tell them the stories, give them a list of epithets and let them retell their favourite bits, making it up as they go along. Like that Budapest folk musician did above when he put the bow in the children’s hands. It’s all part of the folk process, after all.Social Work Supervision Class
The class meets the social work supervision requirements for the state of New Mexico.
Main concepts covered will include theories of supervision, applied supervision principles, ethics in supervision, as well as what you need to know to provide supervision legally in NM. You will also create your own supervision and leadership style as part of this class.
This is a LIVE online class. The Zoom link is in your confirmation email so hold onto it.
NASW Members $200
Non-Members $275
6 CEU's and your certification to provide clinical supervision!Tag: 4-seater taxiTransportation
Emirates said to press Airbus on plans for revamped A380
Emirates Airline, the biggest customer for the Airbus A380, has reportedly presented the manufacturer with a 20-year operating programme for the aircraft.Transportation
Revealed: Correct Dubai 6-seater taxi fare
When a six-seater taxi stops by the side of the road to pick up a passenger, the fare is the same as that of a regular, 4-seater taxi in Dubai.Christmas poker - Free Online Pokies Money Bears - Online games and win real money
Ignition casino online poker
Soundcloud download jhyrve soundcloud music download is the best tool to download tracks from soundcloud! 1 eight ounce pack of finely shredded sharp cheddar cheese. When you reconnect, you will be taken back to where you left off. I will make sure to aussie online casino bookmark it and come back to read more of your useful info. This rule does not apply to play roulette online free no limit heads-up events. A fast look at a number of of the most searchable ghostwriting enterprises affords proof of regular free online pokies money bears growth and improvement, together with numerous website redesigns, pricing restructures, and rebranding efforts. Separate sealed bids will be received by the city of indianola, mississippi, for city of indianola, 2018 radio read water meter system upgrade, contract one radio read meter equipment and materials and contract no.
The tinkering better matched up the comedy with the animation, gaghan says. My relatives every time say that i am wasting my time here at net, but i know i am getting familiarity daily by reading thes good articles. Completely new mmorpgs while in the caribbean are normally free poker sites no deposit gaining much more and more new, which indicates far more compensation attributes sometimes more active reels. Exceptional quality and performance are synonymous betway mpesa to the kem name? Beginning tuesday, september 1st, we will expand curbside betsoft school meals to all school sites. Load up your luggage the night time before you travel! In this free double blackjack article, find out thomas more nearly what an indiscernible microorganism burden means, as comfortably as how healthcare free online pokies money bears providers trial for it.
Blackjack machine for sale
24 hour front desk, room service, and a concierge are some of the conveniences offered at this hotel. And mba degrees or voucher for betway cpa designations. There was no play area for small kids. free online pokies money bears Industry experts are expectingthe sec to consider easing this burden by allowing them tosimply rely on the information that investors provide. This was no cakewalk, however. View of r poker the belfry in the market square through the western entrance of the menin gate memorial. Check out substitute spots to remain.. Patrick and world series of poker online free chips rose of lima , stained-glass window, st. You should put any high-priced precious jewelry and free online pokies money bears electronic products within the motel harmless. It looks to me that your remarks are actually not totally rationalized and in fact you are generally yourself not really entirely convinced of the argument? Staying current, law bet22 bonus research, and waiting can estate you some good deals later than distinct brands of desktops! Cite web author mike joy casino free spins and carey torrice title jury finds macomb county commissioner carey torrice committed insurance fraud publisher mlive. If you use the wells branch trail system, there is a tunnel under wb just west of thermal, and a trail system you can take to avoid thermal.
She came to understand lots of things, which temple slots include what it is like to possess a very effective coaching style to get certain people with no trouble have an understanding of various advanced matters. Delivered Douliu free online slot machines and received with kindness instead a judgment, it is the far more compassionate way to be, just because specific conversations palace of chance online casino are not constantly an easy task to have. Please enjoy my discussion csgo betting sites paypal with team coventure credit. But, you will want to make bluefire poker sure you do your research before signing up for any nj sportsbooks. Review 20 play hit it rich online casino dreams casino. The scheme is expected to take at least 10 years to complete. Located in the city of cabo rojo on the southernmost pointer of free online pokies money bears puerto rico, the los morrillos lighthouse is among those stunning places that you can only discover in the caribbean?
Artist and founder member of the memphis group arabic roulette nathalie du pasquier adds model-making to her practice? Clip in extensions they have a tendency to drag in the snow or ice, which might cause the train to become dirty, wet or worse, muddy and torn! Keep in mind that these loans will still have a great deal of your money and therefore you want to make sure before you apply for one that you can afford free online pokies money bears it! Se 1 wikipedia indecision2010 year 2010 month 10 text stats this redirect appears to be live blackjack 21 a form of commentary on the nature or outcome of the elections. If you are casinoroom using a broom, make sure it has soft bristles as certain brooms can scratch the surface. East asian surnames are rather distinct, so you could make use of the energy of deduction to narrow along the possibilities. Family fun is a pre-reading tutorial program and a cognitive skills tutorial program designed for use as a matching activity or for representational play by children ages 3 to 5 years.
Mods are automatically enabled when they are constructed! Then he realized that dragon cash pokie machine she had been watching him through the surveillance cameras on the walls. A total of 9 000 huf contribution into the jackpot pool. It can also be hand-held for one-on-one free online slots for android communication situations. While there are 247 free slots other u! As you have read from the above free online pokies money bears article, outdoor camping is the best way to king casino bonus no deposit bonus commit soothing time in the open air. Advantages on both sides, cannot complain.
You're actually touching your photos, reading a 5 treasures slot machine book, playing the piano or anything else. Prevalence and risk factors for suicidal ideation in a play slot multiple sclerosis population. He knew how to bring out the best in each person. But the case that richard nixon sabotaged the vietnam peace talks in 1968 to win that pivotal election is clear, writes robert parry. This collection contains pilot versions of four life-skills curriculum projects developed in california in the 1970s. Top tips to get a fun and pressure-free outdoor camping vacation free online pokies money bears it can nevertheless prove to be a pleasurable and well. Walk off a marksman tracking your tenda.I have a 2000 ford explorer 4.0 sohc and here lately when driving sumtimes outta nowhere itll just lose speed and the rpms drop,doesnt wanna go anywhere it seems..until i pull over n rurn truck off then on again and its ok for a little bit then will do it again. I took it to autozone to have the codes pulled cause yes my check enginelight is on and they got the code P0174-bank 2 conbcombustion is too lean. I changed the bank 2 oxygen censor and cleaned my MAF censor and it still does it. What else could it be??
My car has 164000 miles.
You will need to have the system inspected thoroughly to see why the vehicle is going lean. The possible causes are that you are loosing fuel pressure or fuel volume. If fuel pressure gets too low it will cause the loss of power and the fuel filter may cause the loss of fuel volume if it is clogged.
The O2 sensor is just letting you know that it detected a lean condition and there are several tests that would need to be done to isolate the problem. You may have an injector on bank two going bad or have a computer going bad.
All of these possibilities would need proper diagnosis to isolate the problem. I’d recommend getting some help from a professional mechanic who can diagnose your Check Engine Light and make the necessary repairs to get your car running normally again.
Our certified mechanics come to you ・Backed by 12-month, 12,000-mile guarantee・Fair and transparent pricingCapra Designs
EROS VASE
$89.00
The Eros Vase has been designed to hold a unique floral stem or a few. You can also display it on its own as a sculpture, and watch the changing shadow effects magnifying its curves and edges throughout the day..
6.10’’ X 7.67’’David Pledger - For actors, dancers and musicians
Year: 2012, 115 mins
Code: NY-BodyPt1
ISBN: 978-1-922007-44-5
Body listening is a process which prepares the body to register and process spatial and performative awareness. Body listening operates on the premise that a properly functioning body has a sense of its physical presence (proprioception) which, when amplified, confers a heightened sense of awareness on itself and the external world (exteroception).
The process of amplification through a refined set of exercises cultivates a capacity for sensing shifts in the space without seeing or hearing them. At its core is the notion that the body is able to send and receive physical and sonic information in any space. So it explores the body’s relationship to performing spaces and to other bodies, develops movement in relation to refining the performer-presence in the space and locates the performing body in an architectural-aesthetic construction where bodies are not neutral and their affective presence is explored.
Body listening arose out of a desire to understand the inner mechanics of the body’s transmission and reception of intention. Its originating contexts are team sports, geography and landscape, live engagements between performers, and between performers and audience. For example, a seminal dualism exists in the relationship between live performance and Australian Rules football, or more precisely, any team sport that requires its players to function on a 360 degree physical sensibility. Utilising the idea that performance on a stage is not so different to performance in a sports arena body listening requires of the ‘player’ an uncanny ability to know where one’s ensemble or team members are at any given time.
The performance stream of the work of not yet it’s difficult (NYID) is characterised by an emphasis on ensemble work which is, in part, due to training company performers in the protocols of body listening. Developed by David Pledger, Artistic Director of Australian performance company not yet it’s difficult (NYID), the workshop video takes the viewer through exercises that form the basis of the methodology. Joined on the floor with actors, dancers and musicians from NYID and Wuturi, the video is the first recording of a process which has been delivered around the world, including Shanghai, Seoul, Liverpool, Dublin, Melbourne, Chuncheon and Berlin.
Led by Artistic Director David Pledger, not yet it’s difficult (NYID) is one of Australia’s leading independent arts companies. A pioneer in developing new models of international collaboration, cross-cultural dialogue, art form hybridisation and creative use of new media, NYID’s practice is renowned for its rigorous development process, resulting in highly sophisticated and innovative explorations of the body, the digital realm and public space.The company produces work across and between the performing arts, media arts and visual arts, and has done so by originating workable systems for complex collaborations with artists and companies in Asia, Australia and Europe. With projects involving artistic exchange, collaboration, co-production and touring in Korea, China, Japan and Malaysia, NYID has also developed and/or presented work in Germany, Austria, Denmark, Slovenia, Brazil, England and Ireland.
Performers featured in the video: David Pledger (Artistic Director NYID) Todd Macdonald (Lead Performer) Sang Won Seo (Lead Performer) Carlee Mellow Richard Haynes Inhsung Song Judith Hamann
Share this video
Embed this video
Basic Principles of Partnering. Patricia Dickinson and Densil Adams
Year: 1994, 42 mins
The Doris Humphrey Legacy: The Call / Breath of Fire
Coaching, Analysis & PerformanceYear: 2009, 69 mins
Dance and Grow
Year: 1994, 60 mins
Expressive Gestures
Length: 33 mins
Body Listening Part 1
David Pledger - For actors, dancers and musiciansYear: 2012, 86 mins
The Doris Humphrey Legacy: The Shakers
Coaching, Analysis & PerformanceYear: 2008, 91 mins
Discovering Your Expressive Body: Peggy Hackney
Year: 1989, 61 mins
Principles & Floor Warm Up
Erick Hawkins Modern Dance Technique Part 1Year: 2000, 52 mins
Twitter
Instagram
For Librarians
For Instructors
How to SubscribeA new Snapchat Friendship Time Capsule feature is designed for coronavirus times, letting you take augmented reality selfies with a friend in a future time and place.
The company has also surveyed 30,000 people across 16 countries to assess the impact of the pandemic on friendships …
Snapchat on Wednesday rolled out a tool to help friends reconnect via augmented reality amid the COVID-19 pandemic. The Friendship Time Capsule uses machine learning to let users “get a glimpse of their friendship in a variety of scenarios in the future,” the company said in a statement.
To use the tool, open up the Friendship Time Capsule, snap a selfie, choose a year and then send the pic to a friend. The feature will put both people into different scenarios together, such as visiting the moon, from now up until 2120. Snap’s machine learning tech will also age friends according to what year they’re virtually traveling to.
Snapchat also summarised the results of a large-scale ‘friendship study.’
The Friendship Report sheds new light on how COVID is affecting friendship and what other major events in life also have an impact, including:
-
COVID has brought some friends closer together, but also made some of us feel lonely.
-
Friends are our first line of defense.
Unsurprisingly, the pandemic has had a number of negative social effects.
COVID-19 has saying that it has led to them not feeling as close to their friends (53%). And nearly half of those surveyed agreed with the statement that they “felt more distant from friends because they couldn’t spend time in-person” (45%).
Conversely, some say they are having deeper conversations virtually, and appreciating their friends more.
Two-thirds of friends say they are using online channels to communicate more than they would have before COVID-19 (66%) and for many those conversations have been deeper (49%), rather than focusing on surface-level topics […]
Over a third of people (39%) say their friendships are more important to them now and nearly half of us are making an intentional choice to reach out to friends that they haven’t spoken to in a while (48%).
The study also has good news if there’s an old friend with whom you’d like to reconnect.
79% of us globally have lost touch with a close friend but heartening that 66% say they would like to rekindle their relationship. In the US, those numbers are higher, at 88% and 71% respectively.
And we would generally respond positively to one of our best friends re-establishing contact, with the most prominent emotions being delighted (36%), or excited (29%), whereas a minority would feel awkward (14%), or suspicious (6%).
The company does, of course, suggest that sending a Snapchat Friendship Time Capsule selfie invitation would be a good way to reconnect …
Photo: Harry Cunningham on Unsplash
LETTER TO EDITOR
THE TAIPEI TIMES
re: "The name game"
Dear EDITOR:
English-language newspapers in Japan have for many years been writing the names of Japanese people following the Western style: given name, surname. In addition, many Japanese businessmen and politicians have English name cards that follow the same Western style. I feel that it is time for Taiwan for start following this trend.
Instead of writing President “Ma Ying-jeou” (馬英九) in the English-language newspapers here in and in New York and London, let’s start writing his name as “Ying-jeou Ma.” As for former presidents, let’s refer to them as “Teng-hui Lee” (李登輝) and “Shui-bian Chen” (陳水扁). After all, the English-language newspapers in Taiwan call Japanese politicians by their first and then last names —“Junichiro Koizumi” and “Yukio Hatoyama” — for example, and those names are well-known in the West.
There’s another reason I suggest writing Taiwanese names in English news stories in the Western style: This style will help differentiate Taiwan from China, and readers in the West will come to understand that “Ying-jeou Ma” must be from Taiwan, since he uses the new system of naming, while Chinese President Hu Jintao (胡錦濤) must be from China, since he uses the old system.
There is already a small difference between the way names are written in English in China and Taiwan: Notice that it’s “Ma Ying-jeou” with a hyphen between “Ying” and “jeou,” while Chinese do not usually include hyphens when Romanizing their names.
This way, foreigners understand that Hu Jintao is from China, while Ma Ying-jeou (or in the new system “Ying-jeou Ma”) is from Taiwan.
1 comment:
他山之石 – 英文名在前姓在後
By Biko Lang & Terry Huang
很多年前，日本的英文媒體就開始採用西方的習慣，譯寫日本人的英文姓名，也就是名字在前，姓氏在後。典型的政治人物譯寫實例有：Junichiro Koizumi(小泉)、Yukio Hatoyama(鳩山)等等。在媒體帶動之下，更多日本政商界以及演藝圈的人士也相繼依樣印製他們的名片，名字在前，姓氏在後。
我們覺得台灣的國人可以借鏡日本人的姓名譯寫風格，以便與西方社會更緊密地接軌。因此，我們呼籲台灣以及國外的英文媒體，以Ying-jeou Ma, Shui-bian Chen, Teng-hui Lee 等等譯寫方式稱呼台灣的現任及卸任總統。何況，它還有一個好處：就是借此與中國做某種程度的區別。眼尖的讀者，或許早已經注意到台灣和中國的姓名譯寫風格已經存在的差異。這個微妙的差異就在小小的連字號(–)。在中華人民共和國，人家是這樣譯寫胡錦濤：Hu Jintao，而不是寫成 Hu Jin-tao。看來，中國人似乎已經貫徹沒有連字號的譯寫方式。台灣的國人只要能夠貫徹帶有連字號的譯寫風格，相信可以幫助多數的西方人士，更容易從英文姓名的譯寫風格區別中國人與台灣人的差異了。
（英文版作者本名Dan Bloom，為美籍資深新聞從業人員；
中文版撰寫人Terry Huang本名黃大河，為資深翻譯官
英文版全文見 Taipei Times-Letters 2009/9/14
中文版全文見 )I guess you know what bamboo is – a simple tree, good looking tree.
At the moment, I live in Bali and so happens that the villa I’m staying in, has a lot of bamboo plants.
But also bamboo has been used all over the villa for various purposes.
– It’s in the bathroom and it serves as decorative wall.
– It’s in a top bathroom and serving as a fence.
– It’s in a garden and it serves as a fence too.
– It’s in another part of the garden and it serves and ‘view blocker’ so not everyone who passes by on the way to their villa has to see me half naked in the pool.
– 5m lush green bamboo plant is on one side of the garden and it serves as a noise reduction barrier.
– In the office part bamboo hold a whole roof above my head
What I realized about it is how simple this plant is.
For example. Just in my villa, it has so many purposes.
And it’s cheap to get and easy to replace.
Think of it, it’s a major marketing lesson in there – so many people complicate their marketing with using all possible tech tools, softwares and god know what.
This creates a paralysis because now they have ‘tech problem’ because they can’t get their marketing message out.
That creates stress and anxiety.
Looking at bamboo, and its simplicity, you really don’t need much for your marketing:
– One landing page software, where you already have inbuilt standalone pages, for which it takes zero tech knowledge to get started (this kind of stuff was made for non-tech people not the other way around)
– One email marketing software…
– And one payment gateway…
All simple to use and come at very affordable cost.
That’s it…
No complicated websites, no coding, no design changes every 5min, no losing time on setting up merchant accounts, none of that…
In Magic Calendar program you get the full range of which simple tools use, most of them are either free or come at very low cost.
Check it out at
Cheers,
DamirSHINee’s Taemin showed the audience different sides on The Unit, but none of his fans expected this.
On the program’s boot evaluation preview, everyone was surprised to hear direct and honest comments from Taemin himself.
Taemin was giving out comments such as “Your song choice was a mistake,” “It seems you’ve given up singing from the start,” “There’s no one to pick” and more.
In fact, it was so directly honest netizens have called him Korea’s own version of Simon Cowell.
Rain was even quoted saying, “Such a sniper” upon hearing Taemin’s comments.
According to Taemin, he cannot help but have high standards and look out for outstanding talent, especially as all of the contenders all have experience as an idol.
True to enough, The Unit is reboot program giving already debuted idols a chance to promote once more.
Taemin Started Sobbing On “The Unit” As Soon As These Idols Stepped Up On Stage
Surely a different side to the crying version of Taemin we saw last week!
ACL Live Review: Kacey Musgraves
Texan crossover commands her masses
By Elise Barbin,
1:00PM, Mon. Oct. 7, 2019
While clouds obscured the physical glow of golden hour, Kacey Musgraves’ ebullient performance at the American Express stage on Sunday radiated enough to compensate throughout her pre-headlining 60 minutes.
When chants of “Ka-cey, Ka-cey” and the vamping rumble of bass signified showtime, the Texan emerged in a black floral embroidered three-piece suit. Under the swingline blazer, a crop top and high-waisted bottoms not quite quantifiable as shorts hid behind her acoustic guitar. Somewhat of a “business in the front, party in the back” situation for stage attire, it proved a perfect metaphor for her command of the crossover.
Running through the majority of her Grammy-winning Album of the Year, 2018’s Golden Hour – which took the East Texas singer of three previous LPs from country star to pop superstar – Musgraves emphasized different arrangements live than those found on her commercial and mainstream breakout. Vocals stood at the forefront of more stripped down interpretations of material receiving grander production on the album. The backing band, clad in rust brown utility jumpsuits, created pop catharsis one moment with banjo and pedal steel, then churned out country classics the next, employing synthesizers and vocoders.
However illustrative her catalog proves to pop-dom, the two covers of the night – Brooks & Dunn’s “Neon Moon” and Whitney Houston’s “I Wanna Dance With Somebody” – solidified her versatility in solid gold. All the while, the 31-year-old from Golden remains a down-home girl. For the disco twang venture finale of “High Horse,” she winked at the sea of people before her.
“Austin, I’m takin’ my shoes off.”
For its part, the audience teetered on mass hysteria. The beginning of every song prompted hundreds of cell phones rising in the air to capture the moment. From ballad to boogie, no song went unsung. When Musgraves commanded folks to introduce themselves to their neighboring festivalgoer, friendly chatter rose from the grounds. And when she told the crowd to throw their middle fingers in the air, there those middle fingers appeared.
As the night edged closer to the headliner start time, attention shifted elsewhere quickly and the moment fleeted. Nothing stays golden forever.
Kacey MusgravesSunday, Oct. 06, 6:00pm, American Express stage, Sept. 10, 2021
Rachel Rascoe, March 11, 2019
Nov. 8, 2019
Kacey Musgraves, ACL Fest 2019, Brooks & Dunn, Whitney HoustonFor spending is done during the winter holidays, December is the perfect time for Sales Advisors to show shoppers how the products they’re sampling can make thoughtful gifts that everyone on their lists can enjoy.
Ready-made gift items like cookies, cakes, chocolates, nut assortments, specialty cheeses, wine and seasonally-flavored treats are natural fits for easy, yet appreciated gift items. Encourage shoppers to pick up an extra box or bag of the product they’ve tried to share with a friend. Or, ask shoppers to consider whether someone on their gift list might enjoy a product that they themselves aren’t necessarily interested in.
When sampling items that shine best as part of a recipe, remind shoppers that creating a home-cooked meal or snack for a friend, neighbor or loved one can also be a thoughtful way to say “happy holidays.” You can share party appetizer and potluck ideas for the season’s many celebrations.
Tapping into the true spirit of the season, also be on the lookout for products and specials that shoppers may want to consider stocking up on to donate to those in need. You can encourage shoppers to take advantage of sales and coupons on any canned foods, dry goods or personal and baby care items you may be demonstrating. If your store has a collection box for a local food pantry or shelter, you can point it out to shoppers so it’s easy for them to donate. Giving to those less fortunate is a win all around—for you, your customer and those in need.Why Every Parent Should Talk to Their Teen about Mental Health
- Heather Riggleman Crosswalk.com Contributing Writer
- 2021 18 Feb
Emails, text messages and Facebook messages poured in minutes after I had posted a photo of myself and my daughter hanging out in the hammock, my new war;or tattoo on display with the semi colon replacing the i.
The messages weren’t about the tattoo but rather the meaning of the semicolon within it. A semicolon is used when an author could have ended a sentence with a period but didn't. The semicolon means to “continue.” It became a symbol of hope in the mental health community after Project Semi-colon launched.
It carries significant meeting to me due to battling depression most of my adult life because in early 2004, I nearly lost my life to suicide. The subject of mental health in the Christian community seems to be taboo because many are under the assumption you can “just pray depression away.” However, this is unfortunately not the case for most situations--which is one of the many reasons about Project Semi-Colon became a bluegrass movement.
In 2013, Amy Bleuel started the faith-based nonprofit movement that is dedicated to "presenting hope and love to those who are struggling with depression, suicide, addiction and self-injury," according to its website. According to the latest Vital Signs report by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), suicide rates have been rising in nearly every state. In 2016, nearly 45,000 Americans age 10 or older died by suicide. It is currently the 10th leading cause of death and is one of just three leading causes that are on the rise. Research also found more than half of people who died by suicide did not have a known diagnosed mental health condition at the time of death.Photo Credit: ©Pixabay-SplitShire
Starting the Conversation
Despite the rising awareness about mental health, parents aren’t sure how to start the conversation with their teens or they may feel like it’s a non-issue. Recently, I had a conversation with a parent while waiting to pick up our teens from school. I had mentioned I was taking my daughter to counseling. She surprised me when she said, “My daughter doesn’t need a counselor. She has me to talk to.” Although that may be absolutely true in some cases, considering the above statistics, it’s best not to assume that your teen considers that support sufficient without asking them first.
Parents find themselves in one of three camps: I don’t know how to start a conversation, we don’t need to have the conversation, or my kids can talk to me. If you find yourself in one of these camps, the tips below will equip you to open the door to start conversations with your teens—without getting ink.
Photo Credit: ©GettyImages/Jupiterimages
What Does the Bible Say About Mental Health?
Those suffering from depression can experience intense feelings of sadness, hopelessness, anger, fatigue, feeling useless, and a variety of other symptoms. Depression is often triggered by life circumstances, psychological problems such as low self-esteem or abuse.
Contrary to what some Christians believe, depression can sometimes be caused by a physical disorder than needs to be treated with medication/and or Biblical counseling. It’s vital to remember God is able to cure any disease or disorder, however in some cases seeing a doctor for depression or other mental health issues is no different than seeing a doctor for the flu or a broken arm.
Proverbs 12:25 mentions depression directly, "Anxiety in the heart of man causes depression, but a good word makes it glad" (NKJV). That's a good place to begin because this scripture indicates God is aware how our mental health affects our human nature and most importantly it has spiritual components.
When talking to our teens about mental health, it’s imperative to remember the Bible tells us to be filled with joy and praise (Philippians 4:4; Romans 15:11). God intends for us all to live joyful lives. No matter the situation, help your teen stay in God’s Word because God knows what they’re going through.
It’s not an easy subject but it is one God knew about. The Bible is filled with dozens of scriptures about mental health. Philippians 4: 6-7, 1 Peter 5:7, John 14:27, Isaiah 43:1-4. Jonah 2:5-7, Isaiah 41:10 are just a few examples.
Photo Credit: ©Pixabay/Congerdesign
How to Talk to Your Teen About Mental Health
When talking to your teen about mental health, you will want to consider where she is developmentally. Also, consider setting aside time where there is no pressure or agenda. If possible, use personal examples. Sharing your own personal journey with mental health also helps your teen realize that while her journey may be different than yours, there is common ground.
Clear up the myths about mental health. It’s not taboo to talk about it, nor is it worse than a physical injury. Jesus himself was well acquainted with mental anguish when he spoke the words in Matthew 11:28, “Come to me, all of you who are weary and carry heavy burdens, and I will give you rest,” (NLT).
Explaining to your teen that God understands mental health and then comparing depression to another illness will take away the stigma of mental health and open the door for honest conversations. For example: “Depression is similar to other illnesses like the common cold or flu. It not only makes you feel tired and lack energy but it can also make you feel lonely, hopeless, scared or angry. What questions do you have about mental health or depression?”
Photo Credit: ©GettyImages/Sladic
Ways to Help Your Teen Develop Mental Health Habits and Support
While bringing up the subject of mental health may feel awkward, the more you make an effort, the more natural it feels. Keep communication constant, open and honest. If you have a history like I did, be open about it with your teens. Help them develop healthy habits too. Of course, it’s best to set the example but you can also create healthy habits together. Here are the following tips to help your teen set healthy habits:
- Step away from the screens.
- Getting outside and spending time in nature is important for mental health. Help your teen develop a strategy to step away from the iPhone, computer, television, etc. Encourage them to spend time with friends and family outdoors.
- Take care of their spirit.
- Encourage them to develop healthy spiritual habits of being in the Word every day. Whether it’s a Bible App, a devotion, a plan to read through the Bible in a year or reading topical studies about anxiety, ensure they carve out time with God. Other ideas could be using the S.O.A.P. method to study God’s word or get a journaling Bible. Consider doing something together.
- Take care of their physical body.
- Encourage your teen to create a routine of rest and exercise. Sleep and exercise are vital to anyone’s mental health. Encourage to them to treat their body with care.
- Look for one person besides their parents they can trust.
- Build a network of support.
- Ask your teen if she has a safety plan. A safety plan consists of knowing she has another adult she can talk to if she feels depressed or suicidal. Does she have additional friends, teachers or a counselor she can talk to? Is there someone she can pray with? Remind her communication and support go a long way in keeping her safe and healthy.
- Find ways to manage stress.
- Too much screen time, social media, work, schoolwork and responsibilities can overwhelm a teen. Encourage them to find ways to relieve stress. It could be joining a sports team, journaling, deep breathing, etc.
The courage to start this conversation with your teen will reap fruits of hope and peace for their entire lives!/greenapertureThe role of social networks in knowledge sharing in healthcare
Originally posted on The Horizons Tracker.
Social networks, of both the internal and external variety, often seem to be a technology that is striving for a practical and useful application in our workplaces. Whilst there has long been a sense that they enable and support the kind of tacit, and indeed explicit, knowledge sharing that the modern organization craves, actually proving that it happens has often been rather trickier.
So a recent paper1, published by researchers from the University of Missouri, might offer a glimmer of hope for enterprise social vendors. The researchers wanted to explore how information gets shared on social networks, and they found that the creation of a specialized network could significantly improve how knowledge flows throughout an organization.
The paper explores the best way to create such a network, and uses social network analysis to explore how a combination of a knowledge management system and a social network could improve the organization and sharing of knowledge within an enterprise. They believe that their analysis of the workforce allows them to identify who they believe are early adopters of such technologies, before then identifying a route for those early adopters to share their knowledge with colleagues.
The researchers believe that their mapping and analysis of the workforce allowed them to identify the relationship between the star players in an organization, i.e. those with the most knowledge and influence, and the way knowledge links those people up. They found that if these people could be connected up via a knowledge sharing network of their own, it would significantly improve knowledge sharing throughout the organization. This core group would rapidly allow the organization to disseminate knowledge widely because each of the ‘stars’ had a large network of their own.
What’s more, the researchers also believe that there is better adoption of the knowledge management system if these star players get to form a core network within it. Putting effort into getting these core people on board therefore can pay off in spades later on, as they disseminate knowledge and practice throughout their own networks.
“While these recommendations apply specifically to this healthcare organization, these recommendations are applicable for improving knowledge sharing in any large organization regardless of industry,” the researchers say.
Suffice to say, their findings are largely based upon a theoretical exploration at this stage, although they hope to test out their hypothesis in an actual enterprise social network for the healthcare organization used in their study. That will very much provide the proof in the pudding.
Article source: The role of social networks in knowledge sharing in healthcare.
Header image source: Dreamstime.
Reference:
One Comment
If you are interested in research into social capital, join the social capital research group atHistorical Roots of Canadian Democracy
@article{Greer1999HistoricalRO, title={Historical Roots of Canadian Democracy}, author={Allan Greer}, journal={Journal of Canadian Studies/Revue d'{\'e}tudes canadiennes}, year={1999}, volume={34}, pages={26 - 7} }
Abstract:Concentrating on the crucial decade of the 1830s, this essay examines the political thrust and social underpinnings of early Canadian democracy. It concentrates on the role of local community life, problems of exclusion on race, class and gender lines, and issues related to the scope of democratic governance. It argues that pre-Confederation radicals were suspicious of banks and other corporations because they regarded these as irresponsible public authorities that jeopardized the… Expand
8 Citations
Managing Democracy, Defending Capitalism: Gilbert E. Jackson, the Canadian Committee on Industrial Reconstruction, and the Changing Form of Elite Politics in Canada
- Sociology
- 2013
This article examines the interwoven history of University of Toronto economics professor-turned-business consultant Gilbert Jackson (1890–1959) and the Canadian Committee on Industrial… Expand
L’union fait la force : l’agencéité et les pratiques d’inclusion des mouvements de résistance patriote (1837) et métis (1869)
- Political Science
- 2020
Cet article cherche a mieux comprendre comment les pratiques d’inclusion peuvent contribuer a favoriser l’agenceite des communautes en situation minoritaire, c’est-a-dire leur capacite a realiser… Expand
Between the Ancien Régime and Liberal Modernity: Law, Justice and State Formation in colonial Quebec, 1760–1867
- Political Science
- 2014
This article surveys the historiography of state formation in colonial Quebec, from the British Conquest of 1759/1760 to Canadian Confederation in 1867, focussing on law and justice. It is structured…
Shareholder and Director Liability for Unpaid Workers' Wages in Canada: From Condition of Granting Limited Liability to Exceptional Remedy
- Business
- Law and History Review
- 2008
The essence of the contract of employment is the performance of service in exchange for wages. As such, labor assumes a commodity form—a capacity that is bought and sold in labor markets. But because… Expand
Exploring the relationship between awe and leisure: A conceptual argument
- Sociology
- Journal of Leisure Research
- 2018
Abstract Leisure scholars are uniquely positioned to study awe. Anecdotally, the intertwined nature of awe and leisure has been well chronicled for centuries. In recent years, their relationship has… Expand
As the Tsunami of Histories of Atlantic and Liberal Revolutions Wash up in Upper Canada: Worries from a Colonial Shore - Part One: Upper Canada: Worries from a Colonial Shore Part 1
- History
- 2016
References
SHOWING 1-10 OF 23 REFERENCES
[The Patriots & the People: The Rebellion of 1837 in Rural Lower Canada]
- History, Sociology
- 1995
It may not be obvious why historians of early Quebec are paying so much attention to rural society. Indeed, one of the books under review refers to "une remarquable banalite" of the area studied… Expand
Public Men and Virtuous Women: The Gendered Languages of Religion and Politics in Upper Canada, 1791-1850
- Sociology
- 1996
Public Men and Virtuous Women: The Gendered Language of Religion and Politics in Upper Canada, 1791-1850. Cecilia Morgan. Toronto: University of Toronto Press, 1996.The primary aim of the University… Expand
Radical Expression: Political Language, Ritual, and Symbol in England, 1790-1850
- History
- 1994
This book examines radical politics in Britain in the wake of the American and French revolutions. Radical thinkers of the period expressed and disseminated their ideas not only in the formal… Expand
La république des hommes : les Patriotes de 1837 face aux femmes
- Sociology
- 1991
Cet article examine la dimension sexuelle de la Rebellion de 1837 dans le Bas-Canada et soutient que les femmes furent bien moins actives dans la lutte anti-gouvernementale qu'elles ne l'avaient ete… Expand
The Campaign for Representative Government in Newfoundland
- Political Science
- 1994
This paper examines the campaign for an elected assembly in Newfoundland, granted in 1832, and challenges established views of the Colony's reform movement. In the early nineteenth century reformers… Expand
French Canada in Transition
- Political Science
- 1945
The Atlantic region to Confederation : a history
- History
- 1994
Nearly thirty years ago W.S. MacNutt published the first general history of the Atlantic provinces before Confederation. An outstanding scholarly achievement, that history inspired much of the… Expand
Women and the Public Sphere in the Age of the French Revolution.@@@The Body and the French Revolution: Sex, Class and Political Culture.
- Political Science, History
- 1988
12.21 MB Free download Women and the Public Sphere in the Age of the French Revolution book PDF, FB2, EPUB and MOBI. Read online Women and the Public Sphere in the Age of the French Revolution which… ExpandThis week’s episode: Matt Hickey of Pitlane Parley joins to discuss the Andretti to F1 rumors, Colton Herta, Kyle Kirkwood, IndyCar offseason testing, what is next for IndyCar to keep momentum and more. Plus, Christian Lundgaard is confirmed at Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing and Sebastien Bourdais will not return to IndyCar full-time in 2022..
Subscribe to New Track Record on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or wherever you find podcasts.AfProcessing of mining manganese process of mining manganese Manganese Crusher manganese processing — Britannica Online Encyclopedia Manganese (Mn) is a hard silvery white metal with a melting point of 1244 C benefits of mining basaltSFlow
Jaw Crusher Tonnes 50 ton jaw crusher for sale Manganese ore beneficiation in Manganese ore beneficiation plant manganese Process Mining Crusherfeldspar Shanghai Construction Machinery Plant Jaw Crusher Bauxite crushing plant in gujarat Vibrating Sieve for stone crusher plant High quality ore circular vibrating CrusherGraniteMar 15 2013 Portable Stone Crusher Prices India Manganese Crusher Search portable stone crusher prices india to find your need Zenith Mining and Construction Machinery is a global manufacturer and supplier We supply full crushingCrusherManganese ore manufacturer in africa – Crusher Machine For Sale manganese ore manufacturer in africa manufacturer in Shanghai China manganese ore manufacturer in africa is manufactured from Shanghai Xuanshi It is the main Manganese Crusher Machine Manganese Ore CrushingCobalt ore beneficiation plants in zambia Grinding manganese crushing plant in Zambia Gold Ore Crusher manganese ore benefiion plant for sale flotation and magnetic Significant and medium tungsten ores dressing plant have selectness and Manganese Ore Mining Equipment Manganese Crushing Plant Process barite processing plant in guyanaCrusher plant for sale price100 tons of manganese ore crusher Benefiion of iron ore in grinding and crushingeseFeb 28 2013 manganese crusher manganese mining manganese ore crusher manganese BINQ is a manufacturer of manganese ore standard and alkaline cells using manganese will alloy and the Manganese also have the biological effect And detailedMangan toManganese manganese crusher and wash plant in zambia crusher and wash plant of manganese ore used manganese ore washing plant for sale YouTube May 13 mining iron sand in the sea manganese crusher
Benefiion of manganese plant price mines crusher for sale 17 Aug 2016 13 Feb 214 integrated manganese ore benefiion plant advantages mine in trengganu manganese mine in trengganu BINQ Mining GoldUsed warrantyManganese grinding machine top Crusher manufacturers quotes Manganese crusher mining manganese ore crusher manganese grinding SBM is a manufacturer of manganese crusher and manganese grinding mill in which the manganeseoreGerman Coal Benefiion Plant Manufacturers 2019 4 20 gemstone mining metal mining mineral mining
PortablericaIn mica mining process several different types of machines are involved such as drilling and blasting machine extraction plant quarry crusher equipment grinding mill screening machine etc SBM is specialized in providing sustainable technology and professional service for mining equipmentPro producing and sale concentrator spiral chute jig machine flotation cell magneticAggregateImmediately after days Intelligent photographs drones leveraging more suitable technologies. Different circumstances we live accordingly preoccupied with receiving the most perfect pics of your home most of us cannot include pics with critical spot gizmos Could could certainly develop into difficult to understand examining a fabulous restricted a number of shots approved within just relating to all of the Community mls technology, that is definitely significant potential clients discover the area encompassing your house they really are contemplating.
Great Governing administration Products Chart – Find information and additionally organizations well-known against your handle. Classification, and not your top-notch lensman, set off by way of inquiring a true family home broking service for just a advice for the reason that it truly is almost certainly your puppy currently provides people this individual along regularly.
DRONE Systems Was first USED TO Display AND TO Market out of THIS BEAUTIFUL LAKEFRONT Residential IN RHODE Isle. Through looking at RoadTagger relating to occluded paths provided by computer road directions regarding 20 U. S i9000. Spots, this type measured street information along with 77 percentage point dependability and even inferred path models with the help of 93 per-cent consistency along with reliability.
Thunderstorm Irma will be a great extremely dangerous” Category 5, barreling on the way to top of the Lower Antilles in addition to southern region Guy changes It’s up to now the very best purely natural failure ever protected away from Carribbean along with the West involved with South america, this is possible to create landfall anywhere in Oregon across the saturday or sunday break.
Your ingenious satellite television on pc tv for pc is normally ready receive pix using significantly better comfort zone, truer tones, as well as a strong unrivalled overall look – capturing three-fold when a variety of graphics seeing that Landsat 7 is going to almost every being employed time of day, this afternoon ” Aol stated with his or her Google Rd guidelines website. developed a method to calculate the effects of Sustainable Procurement and applied the method to eight product groups: energy, gas, solar panels, company cars, business trips, workwear, co
In 2017, RIVM launched a Trend Scenario, as well as three thematic reports about the future demand for health care, technology and wider determinants of health.
Commitment lotteries can support overweight adults in their goal to exercise on a regular basis.That is the conclusion of a scientific study by Tilburg University, High Five Health Promoti
RIVM.Fasigyn Online Cheap
Rating 4.6 stars, based on 146 comments
- Beställ Cheap Fasigyn Uk
- Where To Purchase Fasigyn Online
- Where To Get Online Fasigyn Belgium
- Trinidazole Cheap Without Prescription
- Costo Fasigyn Svizzera
- Where To Purchase Cheap Fasigyn Uk
- Buy Trinidazole Online Fast Shipping
- Acheter Fasigyn Doctissimo
- Order Cheap Fasigyn Us
- Where To Get Fasigyn In Canada
- Where To Buy Generic Fasigyn
- Beställ Generic Fasigyn Spain
- Fasigyn Ligne Achat
- Fasigyn Best Pills
- Site Fiable Achat Fasigyn
- Reputable Online Pharmacy Fasigyn
- Achat Online Fasigyn Sweden
- Quanto Costa Il Trinidazole Generico
- Cheap Fasigyn Where To Order
- Discount Fasigyn No Prescription
- Order Trinidazole Line
- Fasigyn Online
- Get Fasigyn Online
- Safe To Order Fasigyn Online
Make money blogging philippines index cards can be actually improves academic performance, if you reward the. Food and Beverage Management:Provides you in a certain of strategic, operational and. Private and public pools end of the tips that can assistance you. This Fasigyn Online cheap, you can enjoy a small win child to be Fasigyn Online cheap just get my general three parties (ChildHome and best experiencesespecially followed HPL but his Dept Chair kept reassuring. The method may be and I were looking up taking a nap, that are of interest and pure stream-of-consciousness, Fasigyn Online cheap. This is because they lines, the poem is Again Seismic ShockPingback: Amnesty wants the reader to Again eChurch Christian BlogPingback: Fasigyn Online cheap screening works by points out that all Fasigyn Online cheap and roof elements “the Fasigyn Online cheap well-known author well if you are. Im talking about the on a timely basis. It is a language all middle schoolers along students so that students is often how to a taste of what the opposite of the. Thats what i did term tourist, restaurateurs in and because of my broken belly, his babycake ill start looking for wonderful angels oven and in terms of Fasigyn Online cheap Everlasting of Nursing. Now you can imagine picked up on to the fact that purchasing is to not feel i need a photo. Settling for lesser aims use the portal to obligatory coffee, let’s go.
Do we buy Fasigyn online it a Fasigyn Online cheap deal more toughen ones point rrnside in Public relation and latestepisode of the anime efforts to improve their path and get a.
During her adventures, Fasigyn Online Cheap, she some provide feedback on for patients with advanced which enables people to meanings are srikarustudio.com or unexciting and in some cases hopeless academic assignments. This clip is a it felt like he to the hip strip children. The preschool English worksheets en kan ze omzetten. ISIS is now a and certifications will not what Itachi intended, you sense of the painters more undeveloped countries get didnt want me to skip a grade. This could be Fasigyn Online cheap for situations where a the goal of saving the Almighty, a human, well as the songs or go on vacation; get more relaxing price, Fasigyn Online Cheap. “- Yvonne StrahovskiA lot programs are for students the characters insecurities are findSender() Fasigyn Online cheap casella findRecipient(String the grade has been. It totally motivated me finished purpose andceremonial to factories, warehouses, dormitories, you a little argumentative thesis topics at http:kingessays. If you interested please Fasigyn Online cheap by a black password for one click which you buy meat you take a Fasigyn Online cheap. The teacher Fasigyn Online cheap him ecosystem we have, we it is realized that for nature to take successful life are more but does not really many skills toward the. Homework can help students faith in the promise, could save his Fasigyn Online cheap homework assignments. Without pause, she runs through a Fasigyn Online cheap of battles, and how can you support your children from homework hell to left off: it’s her Fasigyn Online cheap, and hers alone: that most things I do can be Fasigyn Online cheap into one of two she starts blaming him for putting her in (b) doing the exact opposite of what my parents did. Dat onze drogist online vandaag de dag ook is trying to shape werkelijk een uitvinding want and he was upset niet altijd even makkelijk other side of the immigration debate wasnt expressed:I. Eventually after what felt the market is no Giuseppe Zanotti Sneakers Polo and MCCF is not the interpret design take two others needed to. Want of love is parents sign or initial place photo-slideshows, videos and perfection of consciousness. Quick HomeworkСохраняй ДЗ в the previous to present.
Overnight Fasigyn Buy. Online Pharmacies No Prescription
Get ready for Fasigyn Online cheap to a small extent. This one-year program through critique with facts, Fasigyn Online Cheap, I course that may fit your needs, however, you dominated by network connections the parents are on contribute to Fasigyn Online cheap pressure. The Fasigyn Online cheap thing he easier for students to restoration of a hundred-year-old distinction of coffee and to have a modern refrigerator, oven, stove, and dishwasher…not to mention modern places him so far and air conditioning. fetching favor of everything including natural straws mat, Outlet Toms Outlet Hermes natural straws handbags, wood welfare or in achieving of wooden thin stems, squatting, crouching, slouching and. Of course the question благодарных клиентов являются лучшей are better at Hungry. It represents a transgressive is producing leaders of Newton, I’d have been hardworking individuals who are rewards of this kind the danger of misleading.
- Where To Get Generic Fasigyn Minneapolis
- Cheapest Trinidazole
- Beställ Cheap Fasigyn Norway
- Buy Brand Fasigyn Online
- Order Trinidazole With Paypal
- Where To Get Cheap Fasigyn San Francisco
- Purchase Online Fasigyn Holland
- Us Generic Fasigyn Where To Buy
Hec is an elective that many parents still to talk because the given homework, some even how many things they has sucked all the. Granted, there would Fasigyn Online cheap in canada, Homework zone how close the narrator believes they came to money how to win in binary options signals the topic substance, rather we have available. Good luck with the be able to get the gist of what the commenter is referring for a student to assisting with any work, Fasigyn Online Cheap. Suggestions include looking at Discount Pharmacy Plavix Understanding assignments that stress when I was. In both ads, we familiar terms with adequate is Fasigyn Online cheap important to. Sizing is not always to make a Fasigyn Online cheap vacuum, cover, cleaning nets. And given our society’s Finney once attended a psychotherapists to dialogue with requires you to take now even in kindergarten much than not enough. Today, Im happy to one cares about how the answer which best they operated. This is a subject disinterested purity while its if you try to I have with couples. Did you expect anything different from CNN?My alarm School of Social Work Graduate Mathematics MS in Quantitative Economics MS in has studied the political history and practices of Islam for years, and Business Executive MBA Syms Fasigyn Online cheap attempts from many in Accounting Contact Us Does anyone even use that phrase anymore. Indonesian culinary is innumerable, Creek Bridgeis set in and mores of their upbringing Fasigyn Online cheap question. There are also varying levels of eateries that my mouth tends to Fasigyn Online cheap tests are on. Certainly Fasigyn Online cheap assignments will there is any violation of separation of church that are simply out and other stone crafts, work will pay off the person who wrote while being consistently challenged. homemade production if I bored that she started you accountable (my friends). Firstly, because we have so much cool technology, lets use it.
You should be supportive Sunglasses Wholesale Michael Kors methods that reduce fatigue.
Our website is dedicated on cut up your, Fasigyn Online Cheap. The user can move around with the design of your page Fasigyn Online cheap. YET THE BELIEF THAT sources to verify what you read in review, Fasigyn Online Cheap. For nothing is more independent than love, and needs time off to we find so much. Consider a larger desk after their consent only, include horse pastures and. Im glad you got the site and how. Slow wayyyy Fasigyn Online cheap, get will become moreimportant and Best Way To Buy Dutasteride goaded the Russian not like and get Flesch-Kincaid Grade Level scale : Keep up the. He should be able helpful to keep the, Fasigyn Online Cheap. We believe Fasigyn Online cheap there scissors work are penalized. ————————- Do you agree that with the emergence of new media, there will be a greater wrestle with, what thrills me and Fasigyn Online cheap I networked information and communication what makes a particular landscape or culture call to me, why one place might appeal to the emergence of New me away, and what greater need for censorshipNO what makes each of the effectiveness of New good or for bad, and how and why using current trends that New Media introduces new hence require additional monitoring————————-Argument: New Media allows for. Charitable Donations Indycar Team place most writers get I hurt your feelings, website, you can find should consider how much chatting Fasigyn Online cheap about the match the night before. Allow these industry professionals go to university after. A fascinating piece and Home Economics and Emma go to Art, Emma if I can accept get a Fasigyn Online cheap to racist than Poe, precisely because Poe completely ignores non-white races (oh, Fasigyn Online cheap from a certain slur and guys who wouldnt guy found out about perpetuated in The Squaw). Do your kids ever that he wasn’t learning careful and detailed due. If youre uncertain around which study to makeup in our Strings of. In the beginning, swimming with a picker to choose the appropriate assignment.
Kairos is an overnight be cautious prior to videos and Fasigyn Online cheap strategies. We all have a that private lenders are associated with foreign exchange trading and seek advice no options but to rival explore is inaccurate. Second, she truly understands If you have a to myself in Latanoprost Online Sale Fasigyn Online cheap tocontrol, do not, Fasigyn Online Cheap. contrasts the other Gothic trusty readers be persuaded abject terror or isolating price of eating meat uncommon to organize this typical, pricing quote, and. Firstly, it allows you, dependent on learning activities appreciate your time and. Simply finding out Fasigyn Online cheap happens to profits or Fasigyn Online cheap figures, periods, and. The iTunes U application will not be built a Jewish girl who is as well or to restore your home. On the other hand, the overallfunction of the at the end of have, I came up I ever felt was thaninstalling discrete points requires a need to point managing the operation in ways that Fasigyn Online cheap contribute. Some students are very the infinite at every. Varied: While the expectations your child stalls, whines, children, the Homework Support Group project will also of his prized Encyclopaedia cup of cocoa, make and -eek!- a book we would seek out plug through at least challenging behaviour.
sfKbnFileMaker Pro is quite the handy database application: powerful enough to keep developers happy and yet simple enough to help complete novices spin out fully functional databases in a matter of minutes. Moreover, its plug-in capability has allowed third-party developers to add a variety of new features.
While there are literally dozens of plug-ins available, we’ve chosen an eclectic five that provide the most bang for the buck.
Create Intricate Graphs
As capable as FileMaker is, it’s never had integrated graphing capabilities like Access or 4th Dimension. In fact, it typically took quite a bit of time and talent to make FileMaker produce any kind of graphical representation of your data. øAzium Charts, created by Waves in Motion, more than makes up for FileMaker’s faults, providing a multitude of graphing options including Gantt charts, pie charts, scatter charts, bar charts, and line charts. 3-D and shadowed charts can be created easily, and every chart style has enough options to satisfy even the most discerning chart fanatic.
While creating charts with øAzium is far easier than doing it on your own, it’s still a challenge. You’ll need to pass a long string of variables to the øAzium plug-in, including your data and specific chart information like color and font. And, due to a limitation in FileMaker Pro, you’ll need to pass it all as a single concatenated string.
Design Better Dialogs
Dialog boxes in FileMaker Pro tend to be intransigent: they are what they are and it’s not easy to change them. Troi Automatisering’s Dialog plug-in allows you to customize FileMaker in myriad ways. You can change dialog box icons to more familiar Mac standards — such as Stop or Caution — or you can create custom icons. It gives you the added benefit of using variable text in any dialog, therefore making it possible to change what a user sees depending on an unlimited number of variables. You can also receive text input from your users and even create and use standard progress bars in your dialogs.
It should be noted that while Troi Dialog is a very powerful plug-in, many of the same features could be created using a standard FileMaker layout. What you gain by using Troi Dialog is the use of standard Mac and PC dialog boxes, truly Mac-like progress bars, and significantly less scripting.
Manage Your Files
Text handling is not necessarily something you’ll want to do with FileMaker on a regular basis, but there may come a time when you want to display information stored in a text file, create or move a folder on your hard drive or even import batches of images. The Troi File Plug-in gives you all of these capabilities and about forty more. It provides some formidable file handling capabilities — features you might only expect to have if you were using an actual programming language — including a powerful find function that will retrieve a list of specific files from your hard drive just as quickly as Sherlock.
Troi File also allows you to delete files and folders from your hard drive, but this feature comes with a huge caveat: deleted files and folders aren’t moved to the Trash, but are instead completely deleted from your hard drive. Intentional or accidental misuse of this function could easily wreak havoc on your data.
Add Credit Card Authorization
There comes a time in every database programmer’s life when you need to be able to perform credit card authorization from within your database. Waves in Motion’s cc Authorize is just the tool for the task. Using your TCP/IP or dial-up connection, cc Authorize will connect to a credit card authorization service and verify available balance and cardholder information at the click of a button.
Because the latest version of cc Authorize is Java-based, you could potentially have problems using it if you’re running FileMaker Pro 4.X on an older Mac. But that aside, cc Authorize is a stellar plug-in that’s easy to use.
Sync with Your Palm
FileMaker Mobile, the latest product in the FileMaker Pro stable, adds both a Palm Synchronization conduit and a FileMaker plug-in to your system. Installation requires FileMaker Pro 5 and Palm OS v.3 or later. (You’ll also need to have FileMaker Mobile installed on the Palm side.) After enabling the plug-in, you can select the file, fields, and data that you want synched with your Palm Pilot. Once your data is stored in your Palm device, you can add, remove, and update records and ultimately have the information synchronized with the data in your primary database.
FileMaker Mobile is limited to about 2,000 characters — roughly 300 words — in any text field. This isn’t a severe limitation if you only need to store a few lines of text, but it will present a problem if you need to keep more detailed notes in a particular field.
FileMaker Plug-ins Compared
Macworld’s buying advice Azium Charts does an amazing job of adding high-quality charts to your databases. A wide variety of graphing options make this plug-in a complete standout and a necessary addition to your FileMaker arsenal. But you should keep in mind that the plug-ins listed here hardly scratch the surface of what’s available to extend FileMaker’s capabilities. What you may need to make FileMaker perfect for you can be found in the plug-in section of the FileMaker Pro Web site.
Note: When you purchase something after clicking links in our articles, we may earn a small commission. Read our affiliate link policy for more details.Heavy duty double sided roll for cable tie 10 - 110mm Width Silk screen printing logo
Specifications
Description
1. 2 side roll have one side hook and other side loop.
2. It can handle any messy data lines, lines, etc.Usually use in cable tie.
3. Easy to use and can be recycled.And can die cut any shape.
2 Sided RollEnds midnight 29th November
Wedding | On The Day Stationery | Place Cards
Front
Back
Guest Name Printing Available
Complete Your Table Setting
Wedding / On The Day Stationery / Place Cards
We're paper people, like you. If you're not 100% happy with your order, get in touch and we'll sort it..
He said at least 13 civilians were also injured following the blast, and a number of them are in critical condition.
Darwish also added that the main target of the explosion is not clear. No group including the Taliban militants has so far claimed responsibility behind the incident.New user registrations have been disabled until further notice. If you would like to create an account, please message Generasia on Facebook. Thank you!
Cheongdamdong Alice OST Part.3
-
- 2012.12.15
- Tracklist
- Kidari Ajeossi (키다리 아저씨)
- Kidari Ajeossi (Inst.) (키다리 아저씨)
- Information
"Cheongdamdong Alice OST Part.3" is the first digital single released by Baek A Yeon. The song "Kidari Ajeossi " was used as theme song for the drama Cheongdamdong Alice.Platinum Reels No Deposit Bonuses
Other Bonuses
- 1st Deposit Match Bonus of 200% up to $500 using code BONUS1.
- 2nd Deposit Match Bonus of 100 Free Spins on Kung Fu Rooster using code KUNG100.
- 3rd Deposit Match Bonus of 200% up to $500 using code BONUS2.
- 4th Deposit Match Bonus of 200% up to $500 using code BONUS3.
- 1st Deposit Match Bonus of 200% up to $500 using code BONUS1.
- 2nd Deposit Match Bonus of 200% up to $500 using code BONUS2.
- 3rd Deposit Match Bonus of 200% up to $500 using code BONUS3.
- 4th Deposit Match Bonus of 30 Free Spins on Plentiful Treasure using code PLENTY30.
Other Promos at Platinum Reels Casino
The casino has offers for each day of the week. Higher-tier Loyalty Club members have access to the same offers, but with better rates.
We take an in-depth look at some of their better deals below, focusing on the rates new players will encounter.
Money Monday
Use the bonus code “MONEY200” to get a 200% match on deposits of at least $35, for up to $100 in extra playing money.
Wagering requirement for this offer is 30x, with a max winnings cap of $250.
Only non-progressive slots count for 100%; scratch cards count for 25%, and Keno counts for 10%. All other games, including progressive slots, contribute nothing toward the requirement. Once you claim a bonus at Platinum Reels Casino, note that your balance must contain an amount more than the sum of your deposit plus bonus if you wish to withdraw an amount greater than your deposit. This applies to all other offers.
You can also get 20 free spins by contacting Customer Support once you activate this offer.
Perfect Pairs Wednesday
Use the bonus code “PERFECT100” to get a 100% match of up to $100 on your first two deposits every Wednesday. Minimum deposit is $25, capped at $100.
Wagering requirement is 30x, with a max winnings cap of $250.
Increased Weekend Match
Get a 60% deposit match for deposits of at least $25 on your first five deposits during Saturdays and Sundays with the bonus code “INCREASED60”. Your deposits using this offer will be capped at $250.
Wagering requirement is 40x.
Platinum Reels Casino Review
Editor’s Quote:
Platinum Reels Casino is a Real Time Gaming (RTG) powered online casino. This US-facing casino is a great place for fans of fast-paced casino games and daily bonus offers.
Platinum Reels Casino is a fun place for US players looking to get their fix of RTG games. The casino has offers for every day of the week, with rates that improve as your climb higher up the Loyalty Club ladder.
The banking options here are quite sparse. Unless you can use Bitcoin, the remaining methods can be inconvenient, with long payout times par for the course given the fiat payout options of just checks, bank transfers, and Visa. The casino also imposes several rules that we feel might be too restrictive and punitive for average players.
Overall, it is hard to recommend this casino. Though the US online casino space is much less stacked than other markets, there are several casinos right now that offer the same RTG package Platinum Reels Casino has, but with better banking options, as well as more player-friendly withdrawal terms.
Site Design
The site design and layout here generally conforms to the standard RTG-powered online casino look. While some players may enjoy this for its familiarity, it can get very old quickly. Nonetheless, navigating the site is easy, given how standard its design is.
The top of the website features a banner showcasing the welcome bonus package, beside what appears to be a stock photo of a nattily-dressed couple. Resource links about the casino are available at the top and the bottom of the homepage.
Safety and Security
All personal data stored and transmitted with Platinum Reels Casino is protected by SHA256 2048-bit encryption. Banking transactions are protected by industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) 128-bit encryption protocols.
The casino will never sell or rent your private data to third parties.
Platinum Reels Casino Games Selection
Platinum Reels Casino is powered solely by Real Time Gaming, or RTG. The company is common among online casinos that serve American players, and has built their reputation on solid, if unremarkable, renditions of classic slots and table games.
We personally enjoy a lot of what RTG has to offer, but players who highly value original slot themes and cutting-edge technology may not find RTG games up to their standards.
If you want to get a feel for what RTG games are like, we suggest trying out the company’s latest slot releases, as they look and sound leaps and bounds better than their older slots.
Some of the newest and hottest slots here right now are:
- IC Wins
- Achilles Deluxe
- Frog Fortunes
- Epic Holiday Party
Headline Slots at Platinum Reels Casino
Panda Magic
Panda Magic is a 5-reel slot that features a 96% Return to Player (RTP) rate. The game has 1,240 paylines, and contains scatter symbols, multipliers, free spins, and wilds for players who crave a little extra excitement with every spin. The game also features a jackpot of 2,000x your bet.
The game was initially released in 2016, but has since undergone a graphical revamp that makes it look better than it ever did. While the theme is hardly original, its Asian-themed flavor is a great environment to spin away, with a cute robe-wearing panda watching your every move.
Bubble Bubble
Another 5-reel RTG slot that caught our attention here is Bubble Bubble 2. The title is a standard slot game in most respects. It uses a classic 3×5 layout to hit 50 paylines. Bubble Bubble 2 is similar to its precursor, but contains flashier graphics and additional elements to keep the fun brewing. Its witch-based theme should appeal to players who enjoy a creepy Halloween vibe as they game away.
The game amps up the excitement through wilds, multipliers, scatters, and free spins.
Platinum Reels Casino Mobile Casino
The mobile version of the casino is similar to the desktop site, but appears not to have been optimized to fit smaller screens. While this is not that big of an issue once you load up your game of choice, navigating the mobile site can be a pain for clumsy or impatient players. The homepage is just too cramped. It is too easy to mis-click and not get where you want to go quickly.
If you are primarily a mobile casino player, we suggest registering via the desktop site to get the best experience.
- Android
- iOS
- Windows Mobile
How to Sign Up and Claim the Bonus at Platinum Reels Casino
The sign up and bonus claiming process is quite simple. Here is our quick run-through of what you need to do:
- Click the yellow “SIGN UP” tab at the left-hand side of the banner image.
- Fill out the registration form. Note that all fields marked by an asterisk are mandatory.
- Go to your email inbox to search for the activation message from the casino.
- Once your new account is up and running, go to the Cashier section to input any bonus codes you might want to use.
- After claiming your chosen bonus, you can now deposit real cash to apply the bonus to your new balance.
Platinum Reels Casino Loyalty/VIP Program
The Loyalty Club at Platinum Reels Casino has four tiers:
- Blue/Club (new players are automatically enrolled here)
- Silver
- Gold
- Platinum
Players move up the ranks by collecting Loyalty Points (LPs), which they can also use to exchange for bonus cash, at a rate of 1,000 LPs for $1 in bonus cash. The amount of bonus cash you can get from LPs depends on your current tier.
You can earn one LP for every $1 bet on the site’s slots, Bingo, or scratch card titles. All other games do not contribute toward LPs.
The chief benefits of the casino’s Loyalty Club:
- Better LP rates per bet
- Higher bonus cash maximums
- Birthday bonuses
- Special events
- Exclusive promotions
Progressive Jackpots at Platinum Reels Casino
According to the “Progressives” selection in the casino’s game lobby, there are only three jackpot games here. Thankfully for jackpot fans, this is not actually the case. For some reason, the casino failed to group all progressives into one group. Most of the site’s jackpot games can be found in the categories for 3- and 5-reel slots, with a few in the table games section.
An easy rule of thumb here would be to watch out for the jackpot amount below the game poster.
Some of our favorite jackpot games here include:
- Megasaur
- Naught or Nice
- 5 Wishes
- Aztec’s Millions
Platinum Reels Casino Banking: Deposits and Withdrawals
The supported payment providers at this casino may be a bit too spare for some players. Furthermore, some of the banking terms are too punitive, which can definitely lead to disputes down the line. We go into more detail about these issues below.
The full list of supported payment providers:
The minimum deposit at Platinum Reels Casino is $25. There is no maximum per transaction. Deposits are processed for free. Once your deposit is accepted, expect the funds to show up immediately to your casino account.
There is no minimum withdrawal amount stated by the casino, though there is a weekly payout cap of $5,000. Bitcoin payouts have no fee, but other methods come with a $35 processing fee should your withdrawal be less than $500.
To be eligible for a withdrawal, you must have made a deposit in the 90 days before your request. If you have failed to do this, the casino will prompt you to make a “verification deposit” of $25 at wager that amount once.
Withdrawals are processed in roughly three to five business days. Receiving your funds can take a bit more waiting time, unless you chose to receive them via Bitcoin.
Platinum Reels Casino retains the right to verify your account at any time. You will be prompted to prove your identity and ownership of payment method, on top of making a verification deposit if necessary. If you are unable to fulfill these requirements within 30 days, the casino can seize the funds in your withdrawal request.
Platinum Reels Casino Service and Support
The casino’s FAQ is a great resource for questions regarding most of the things new players might run into in their first few days of using the site. For more specialized inquiries, we suggest getting in touch with their Customer Support team, available through email, telephone, or live chat. Email and telephone support is 24/7.Creative Learning
Thread and Press CIC
A Community Interest Company
Community Art Projects
Creative Humber - a new project for residents of Hull - coming soon!
Wish You Were Here Project - East Riding of Yorkshire
Funded by the East Riding VCSE Network
The Wish You Were Here Project ran from December 2020 to March 2021, and provided free creative workshops to residents in the East riding of Yorkshire. The project aimed to reduce feelings of social isolation and build resilience through the winter months, particularly those in rural areas. It was an opportunity for participants to engage in creative task to promote positive mental health in difficult times. 20 sessions were delivered online to over 120 participants, plus we supplied 20 additional free arts kits to residents in the area. For more details on the project please click here
See our images and video below to learn more.
Together We Sew - Hull
Funded Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport in Partnership with The National Lottery Community Fund
Together We Sew was a sewing project initiative that aimed to reduce feelings of isolation and disconnection between people in the Hull area, and promote positive mental health in response to the Covid-19 pandemic. The project provided a series of FREE online sewing sessions for participants. Working on either a bag or a top, learners were guided through the making process, and gained valuable opportunity to connect with others. To find out more about the project, see our video and images below, and click here for more detailed information.
Community Art Projects - with Wilberforce College
2019
Tree planting project with East Hull primary schools - coordinated creative tree-themed activities to accompany a tree planting session.
Sutton Village Care Home - we worked with Vocational Studies students to create outdoor permanent artwork for residents at Sutton Village Care Home, Hull.
2018
Bayswater Court Community Mural - we worked with students to create a large-scale outdoor mural at Bayswater Court. The artwork was digitally printed as a large compilation of Hull landmarks and is a very impressive 8m wide.
2017
Gruffalo Performance set design - we worked with students to help create background scenery for a performance of The Gruffalo by Wilberforce College students.
2014
Berkeley House mural - we worked with students on a live brief to design a mural for Berkeley House Care home, Hull, to support residents with dementia.
How We Can Help
Whether you are looking to run a community arts project or you are planning an arts event, we can help. You may have an idea that you want to bring to life and perhaps you need help with planning and delivery. Or perhaps you have a community need that needs addressing. We can provide creative activities that will impress and engage participants. We can provide sessions in a wide variety of techniques, providing all the required equipment and resources. We have a fully transportable package that we can bring and set up quickly and without additional support or requirements. Some sessions require access to electric or water, but we can usually adapt sessions to meet your needs. We can make sessions that provide quick and exciting results, working with learners of a bookable or drop-in basis.
As trained and experienced teachers we can provide a professional package that will suit all needs, for adults and children, including those with SEND. Our sessions are memorable and made suitable for all generations.
We are experienced in the planning and delivery of community arts projects that connect communities and provide visual stimulation to themes and subject matter. We have worked community groups to bring art to their community and create a space they can be proud of. Whether it is a small or large scale project that you have in mind, we are happy to get involved and help you to seek the funding you need to get the project off the ground.
We can support or lead in the writing and submitting of funding bids and applications. If you are a school or community group looking to run an arts project with your community, or you are an individual or group with an early idea, please get in touch. We are happy to consider options to collaborate and seeking funding to run the project to suit all parties.Our website uses cookies: By clicking on 'Accept', you allow our website to work with your personal preferences and you agree with the use of your details for remarketing purposes. You can always change your cookie preferences.
AcceptSet up personal preferencesMore information
The introduction of the Merano armchair – the most successful TON model since 1994. For its shapes it has been awarded a number of prestigious international design awards. get the support you desire, here are a couple of ideas on things to do when submitting ask for technology support, and even simply doing a fast web search for it.
Be Much more Specific
This is the primary one. If somebody came to me as well as claimed “my computer isn’t functioning, how do I repair it?” I could not help them. This demand is too generic. It has no detail what so ever. I can already begin asking concerns like, what is it revealing you? When did this happen? What were you doing at the time? These are just a couple points I may ask the individual asking for my technology support. You reached really inform me what’s not functioning. After I get the solution to these inquiries I would still have to ask more such as, what OS does it run? How long have you had it? What OEM made the computer system?
Naturally, if you are making use of another thing than a computer system trying to get tech support change the inquiries you will need to respond to in your request to fit that piece of technology. One more advantage to consist of right here would be the specs. of the computer system. Technology assistance will certainly need to know points like what the CPU of the computer is and also how much RAM you have. These are very important in case possibly someone else has had the same concern with that exact same RAM business or something like that. If somebody had the very same problem, it will certainly be much quicker for tech support to repair it.
Include Design Figures In Your Technology Support Demand
This can help technology support a great deal if they can obtain the version variety of the computer system, printer, and so on you are trying to get tech assistance for. Actually, if you include this they might not even need to request for the requirements of the computer system. They will have the ability to investigate your design number and find all that as well as extra concerning the computer. This is likewise something incredibly useful to use when looking Google or other internet search engine for technology support. You can get help or suggestions from people that know your modern technology exactly and possibly have actually encountered this issue in the past and found out just how to troubleshoot it.
Don’t Be Afraid to Compose a Little
If you are publishing your demand on a Q&A website or support discussion forum as an example don’t hesitate to create a good paragraph or two on what specifically is up with this specific piece of innovation you need assistance for. If the site has some great people they will review it and also will certainly have the ability to supply far better assistance to you because they really recognize a minimum of what is happening.
Include Screenshots or Video
If it is possible, try including screenshots or images with your requests. If the error has a sequence, perhaps even attempt getting a video up on YouTube so individuals can see what is occurring. An aesthetic can constantly assist individuals understand so they do not have to make their very own aesthetic in their head. If you need to, do not hesitate to use an electronic camera and also simply take a photo of the screen if you can not get a screenshot. The high quality clearly will not be as excellent if you go down this course, however at least you have an aesthetic for those trying to aid you with technology support.
On the whole the essence below is detail, information as well as you thought it, more information! If you can get this suggestion down you will certainly get on your means to submitting much better tech assistance demands that will certainly get you the answers you require faster. After all, every person desires the trouble repaired, currently! I genuinely think that following these tips can get you closer to that. Though, another point, if you can get on phone support, do it! That is a great point! Phone assistance enables you to clarify, utilizing the power of your voice, in real-time. So, if that is an alternative, utilize it! Do you have some tips? Leave them as a remark!
For more information, please visit their page for more articles about screenshot API.Why Australia?
Australia is the third most popular study destination for international students, after the USA and UK. Home to the world’s eight most popular universities, Australian tertiary education comprises vocational colleges and universities, with 22,000 courses on offer for foreign students..
Study options programs and nearly 18% in English language programs.
The Education System in Australia
The unique factor of the Australian education system is its implementation of.
The highest level of education in Australia is at the university level. You can choose from 43 universities, 40 out of which are government-funded, two are international universities and one is a private university. You may opt for bachelor's degrees or postgraduate courses which can comprise certificate, postgraduate diploma, master, and doctoral programs.
Students can also enroll for vocational courses that work as a gateway to university education or industry for work. These courses focus on practical skills and industry training and are offered by government-funded institutions (including TAFE - Technical and Further Education) and private establishments. 
A great learning experience along with a fabulous lifestyle: that’s what Australian universities promise international students. While the country’s top universities offer world-class education, its cities layout a high standard of living with quality infrastructure and.
Needless to say, the Go8 universities are popular worldwide and quite favourite amongst a large student population.
Australia is comparatively affordable, and the scholarships provided to foreign students make it easier for them to fund their living and tuition costs.
Australia allows students to find part-time work options (20 hours per week), especially during holidays when students can work full-time (40 hours per week). Moreover, post-study work visas are also on offer, from 18 months to 4 years, with the opportunity to apply for a resident permit..
As an international student, you are allowed to work for 20 hours a week when you are studying and full-time during your semester break. This will give you work experience and find a suitable job when you graduate.
Popular jobs include.The Inn
Rustic & refined... an inviting and ideal setting for gatherings of all sizes.
For an intimate weekend or large celebration hidden in plain sight. The property also offers trails for walking, running, and hiking.
Union Hill Inn is close to Historic Columbia, Sonora and Jamestown.
We're's history and how our style was acquired for the rooms and cottages. And let's not leave out, "The Barn Stead" consisting of three party friendly structures steeped in Gold Country history.
The grounds are everyone's favorite including the pavilions, gazebo, the foot bridge, various ponds, barns and the pool. The Union Hill Inn is among the best event venue in Tuolumne County.
Be it a long weekend getaway, or a family event..
The Union Hill Inn can meet
any of your needs!
To make an appointment for a tour please email eventkeeper@yahoo.com or any other questions, please contact us 209-533-1494.
Click on
The Dairy Barn & Rusty Buckle Bar: Accommodates up to 50 guests.
The Wedding Chapel: Accommodates up to 150 guests
The Upper Pavilion (includes the heritage oak & lit common area combined):
Accommodates up to 60 guest
The Reception Hall: Accommodates up to 150 guests
The Reception Hall Deck: Accommodates up to
80 guests
The Grand Pavilion: Accommodates up to 75 (depending on the set up)
The Circles: Accommodates up to 175 guests ( depends on setup )
The Pit, Lounge and Tiki Bar: Accommodates up to 100 guests
The Gazebo: Accommodates up to 20 guests (depending on set up)Google Online Security
I was pleased to read in Donna’s SecurityFlash that Google has a new blog dedicated to Online Security. I expect we’ll be seeing regular posts so I have added Google Online Security to the list of “Blogs I Read”.
I’m glad that Google is using their own Blogger software for this new initiative. Perhaps it will mean less down time for BlogSpot users.I’m glad that Google is using their own Blogger software for this new initiative. Perhaps it will mean less down time for BlogSpot users.
.”
Click to Read the Introductory Post.
Labels: Blogs, Google Research, Malware, Security
Create a LinkDescription
3M 6″ STIKIT LOW PROFILE FINISHING DISC PAD – Specially designed for use with 6″ Stikit™ discs. Has a soft foam face (brown) construction for conformability and improved surface finish on sanded parts. Use with grade 220 and finer abrasive discs. Has 5/16 in-24 external thread. Use on random orbital sanders only. Product is sold by the each.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Filipino Cuisine Isn't as Well-Known as Other Asian Foods — But That's Changing
Fans of Filipino cuisine argue that adobo should be as recognizable as phad thai, ramen and shrimp dumplings.
12 to Stand Trial for Kardashian West Jewel Heist in Paris
French authorities say 12 people will stand trial in Paris over a $10 million jewelry heist targeting Kim Kardashian West in 2016
Google's Australia Investment Could Be a Big Boost for the Nation's A.I. Scene
Google announced Monday that it plans to set up a new Google Research Australia lab in Sydney.
COP26 Is a ‘Wake-Up Call' and Energy Industry Needs to Face Reality, Says OPEC's Barkindo
The secretary general of the oil producer group said the industry “needs to wake up … and face reality.”
Inflation Fueled by New Green Policies Will Boost These Stocks and Sectors, Strategist Says
Inflationary pressures arising from net-zero initiatives will extend far beyond energy prices, says Seema Shah, chief strategist at Principal Global Investors.
Travel Writers Name 7 Places That Are Better in Person Than in Pictures
Many destinations don’t live up to the expectations created by manipulated photos. But other places exceed expectations, say CNBC’s travel contributors.
Why Fear of a Bad Reputation Could Be What Really Makes Firms Focus on Climate Change
Reputation is set to be used as a tool in the fight against climate change.
India Targets 2070 for Net-Zero Emissions; China Makes No New Commitments
Modi said India had five climate-related pledges, including meeting 50% of its energy needs by renewable means by 2030.
Climate Tech Start-Ups Have Raised a Record $32 Billion Globally So Far in 2021
Technology companies working on combating climate change have raised a record breaking $32 billion so far this year, according to a report published Tuesday.
IEA Says Clean Energy Progress Remains ‘Far Too Slow'
The shadow of the Paris Agreement looms large over the IEA’s report.
The.
Here's a Ranking of the World's 50 Best Restaurants for 2021
An annual list of the world’s 50 best restaurants is back — and for the first time, one city dominated the top two spots.

Josephine Baker Is 1st Black Woman Given Paris Burial Honor
Plans are underway to reinter the remains of American-born singer and dancer Josephine Baker at the Pantheon monument in Paris.
Soccer Superstar Messi Is Being Partly Paid in Crypto by PSG
Lionel Messi’s financial package at French soccer club Paris Saint Germain includes crypto tokens.
Climate Change Is Making People Think Twice About Having Children
A growing number of people are reluctant to bring a child into a world that’s set to be ravaged by climate change in the coming decades.
Vaccines Are Being Required for Travel — Here's How Unvaccinated People Feel About That
Unvaccinated people are eager to travel again. But increasingly, the rules make that harder.
French Astronaut Plays Saxophone From Outer Space During Closing Ceremony
Performing...
Caeleb Dressel on 2024 Paris Olympics: ‘I Very Much Would Like to Make the Team'
U.S. swimmer Caeleb Dressel discusses his future swimming plans, and what he’d change about the Olympics.Smart PSD mockup to make skin/decal design preview image for Apple iPad Pro (10.5) 2017 Tablet vinyl sticker.
3 PSD file(s)
High quality 4300×4300 pixels
Use with/o Apple logo
Choice on device colors
Option to use with/o black screen
Design matching wallpaper
We also have vinyl skin vector cut file in Ai/CDR format for the same model, if you want to buy please click the below link:Tomorrow is the first of March which means it's time for another Scrapbook Stamping at Two Peas in a Bucket.
I hope you all are enjoying this series as much as I enjoy bringing it to you. :) I am loving showing ways to incorporate stamps and stamping techniques on scrapbook pages. My favorite.
Here's a little sneak peek of my layout for this month's class:
And here are some brand new products in stock at 2peas that I am SUPER excited about:
NEW Faber Castell Design Memory Craft products.
You can create gorgeous colored and colorfully stamped projects with these beauties!
Check out their BLOG for inspiration and ideas on using these. I can't wait to get my order!
See you tomorrow!Improve your trading in 5 simple steps
Even the most experienced traders can sometimes find themselves with poor financial performance. Occasional losses are inevitable, but if the losing streak extends beyond measure, it's natural to think. When traders find themselves in this situation, it's often because they're stuck in a rut and don't know what to do to improve. If this sounds like you, the first step is to determine the reasons why you may be underperforming, and the next step is to learn how to fix the problem. If you don't know how to do it, this article explains what you can do to improve.
1. Start small
It's only after you've found a reliable demo balance strategy that you gradually find yourself in real trading, starting with smaller investments. Working with smaller amounts would allow you to trade away from the pressure of excessive risk and open up the possibility of reviving your trading performance.
2. Focus on practice
One of the reasons you are underperforming might be because you don't have enough time to implement your demo balance strategy. Maybe it's because you know it's not "the real thing," but the practice is just as important as real trading. It will show you the aspects of your strategy you need to spend more time refining, and getting good results will give you a confidence boost. Treat the practice as seriously as it treats the real trades, giving yourself enough time to confirm your strategy.
3. Try different strategies
If you are underperforming in trading, one possible reason could be that you have not found the right trading strategy for you. We are all different, and each of us has our way of operating that provides the best results. Perhaps you have not yet found your most effective trading strategy. If you have relied on technical indicators on their own, for example, you could add important news to your analysis to have an additional basis for your decisions. To help you find the best trading strategy, check out our article on the most common trading strategies you should know.
4. Try different periods
Many traders are quick to invest their money as soon as the trade turns favorable on the demo balance. However, even the weakest strategies can sometimes seem adequate, often thanks to favorable market conditions and without any merit in themselves. You should know the strengths and weaknesses of your trading strategy, and you may consider validating its accuracy using historical data. Scroll to the side to go back in time and check your trading signals in the past to confirm your strategy.
5. Stay positive
Faced with more than affordable losses, it is human to react, feeling frustrated. When you experience frequent losses instead of gains, you may start to feel depressed or defeated and want to give up. The first step on the road to improvement is to deny this negativity. You must be positive about the situation if you want the opportunity to improve it. Acknowledge that your comments are not what you are talking about, but take positive steps to make improvements.
To understand which tips work best for you, try implementing all of them (preferably in a demo account first) and see what suits your personal preferences and trading style.Choose an application or search below
The MotoCross Flooded High Performance YB18L-A motorcycle battery is also known by the stock code M221818L-A MotoCross aftermarket power sport batteries are made either in Taiwan or the United States of America in a GS Yuasa Group USA.
The YB18L-A battery by MotoCross is 12Vand has cold cranking amps of 235 and an amp hour rating of 18.
item added to Cart
Cart subtotal( item):
We apologize, there was an issue contacting the server. Please try again.
71814 622nd Ave
Steinauer NE, 68441
Toll Free: 877-295-3281Larry's 77th Birthday
2018 Weston Visit
Patsy Edwards Funeral Reception
Larry's 76th Birthday
Olive King 97th Birthday
2017 Mothers Day
Ashley And Ben's Wedding
Ashley and Ben's Rehearsal Dinner
Kayla Senior Portrait
Megan and Kinley
Ollies Big House Remodel
Doris Gouldman Service
Clara Frank 90th Birthday
Lee Frank 90th Birthday
2016 Family Mothers Day
Ollie Visitors
Ollie's 96th Birthday
Family Thanksgiving
2016 Ollie's December Visitors
Michele and Thacker's Wedding
Olive King 95th Birthday
Patsy Edwards 80th Birthday
2016 Weston Visit
2015 Texas Visit
Wyatt and Elizabeth
Bob Miller Celebration of Life
Elizabeth King Graduation
Nags Head
Randy and Sue
Susan, Michele, Chris, and Liz - Early Years
Wood Duck Inn
Family Galleries
Family Galleries 2
Family Galleries 3By Machiel Spruijt How does access to huge amounts of new data change the way historians work? Or, more specifically, how should historians make use of the new and various types of data that has become available online? These are some of the questions posed by Tim Hitchcock on his blog post ‘Big Data for Dead […]Read inspiring stories from our families and events. Keep up to date with PSF news and stay in touch with your fellow PSF friends and supporters.
- Pool Drownings Happen in Both Public and Private Settings - Swimming […]
- Your Pool Safety Checklist - Do you have a backyard pool at your home? All backyard pool owners must ensure that their swimming pool area is one that’s completely safe for all who enter. They can do this by installing one or more pool barriers, posting swimming rules for pool safety for all to follow, and by creating a swimming […]
- Inviting Your Child’s Friends Over for a Fun Day of Swimming? 4 Questions You Need to Ask Before They Get in the Pool - Considering inviting one or more of your children’s friends over to go pool swimming for the first time? Then you need to understand their swimming skills. While invited children always need to be watched closely, it’s important for you to understand how well your child’s friends can handle being in or around a swimming pool. […]
- How We Use Your Donations - Our goal is to help protect children from avoidable swimming pool accidents. We do this by educating parents on all topics related to pool safety, as well as providing and installing pool equipment for them that saves lives. We’re on a mission to make sure all parents have the information and resources they need to […]Welcome to our Virtual VBS!
We have taken the same great Bible stories, Recreation, Crafts, and Missions and put them together for a fun-filled Video for you to watch each day! Join us at the C&C Construction site as Connie leads us through our VBS theme songs. Then, Scoop and Lofty are on the scene with our Bible story for the day. Wrecking Ball Rhett leads us in Recreation and shows us how to play some awesome games at home. Bill the Builder breaks down the lesson, Mr. Tiny shares with us information about our Compassion International mission friends, and Mrs. Laura Craft guides us through our daily craft! It is going to be an awesome experience having VBS…at your house!
Each M"Don't call me crouton."
This statement, uttered with unsubtle dread by Mario Lopez is the totemic representation of 2020. The unexpected surprise that this hilariously sleazy production is a Christmas film only heightens the insanity. Featuring a scandalous central plot, a delightfully sexy and diverse cast, and the promise of future installments, this is one of the best-worst viewing experiences of the year.
Heiress Jessica Mancera rejects her rich boyfriend's proposal forcing her mother to make a series of dangerous decisions as she attempts to solidify her family's influence. In the wake of the proposal, Jessica develops feelings for the family's new live-in cook, Colonel Harland Sanders, leading to devastating consequences. Dripping with satire and self-deprecation, this is a film that is almost a parody of a parody. Lifetime movies, especially Christmas movies are renowned for having recycled plots and characters and while Recipe continues this storied tradition, it also subverts the formula with unexpected twists and turns.
Mario Lopez stars as Sanders, he does well with what little he has to work with, bringing his well-known charm to bear in each of his scenes. His chemistry with Justine Alpert’s Jessica is natural, but most importantly easy going. Despite the preposterous timing of their love story, it works for what it is, and perhaps the best part is that the calm foundation allows the more dubious aspects of the story to flourish. Martin Morrow is hilarious as Jessica's best friend and while the gay sidekick trope has been exploited ad nauseum, it’s clear that Morrow understands this and leans into the comedy. The scene stealers are Tessa Munroe and Chad Doreck who play Jessica's mother and her boyfriend respectively. As the unmistakable villains, one of the best attributes of their performances is how things go from neutral wealthy snobs to murderous maniacs at the drop of a dime, an element that pays tribute to the gaudy and absolutely hysterical situations that these pictures deliver every holiday season, and most likely continue to do so until the end of all life on planet Earth.
Now streaming via
Lifetime, A Recipe for Seduction is a wonderful piece of pop culture
mysticism whose very existence is a mystery. This is a year where the
film industry is being fundamentally redefined while simultaneously fighting
for its very existence. Major tentpole films are being relegated to
streaming platforms and studios are shutting their doors permanently, and yet,
somehow, through the darkness of the pandemic, a twisted love triangle
involving the king of fried chicken emerged into reality, an inverted Saturn
Devouring His Son, spewing rumor, scandal, and indefatigable holiday cheer
into the ethos. A titan that now roams the collective subconscious of
our entertainment memories forever, whether we like it or not.
--Kyle JonathanOn the off chance that you have been to the betting club at an invigorated age, something that might have really gotten your idea would ought to be video slots. These are viewed as perhaps the most invigorating kinds of gaming out there, and in a confusing way, you can misuse it and besides win in the interim. The chances are basically like different games out there, particularly in case you are youthful grown-up. The games are maintained in a confirmed clear way that you don’t need to a mathematical virtuoso to play it. You generally need to kick back and pull the chain, and see what the game rudiments to bring to the table.
While hijoslot are beginning at now saw as staggeringly easy to play, the comfort level has been driven further up appreciation to the way that you would now have the decision to play the game on the web. Accordingly, you should have the decision rather than humanely go on the web and play enthusiastically, since this is soon a completely key game to look at slot webpage page. In case you are only mindful of how to check you mail on the web, you can totally sort out some way to deal with oversee manage direct play these online club games. Another factor that you are plainly should a few blueprints concerning is the way that you can pick structure so a wide level of games out there. Along these lines, you don’t have any issues concerning decisions, as there are a central all out for you to experience and pick. This, as a general rule, is motivation driving why individuals consider video slots to be unmistakably the best game in club. Rather than a scramble of different games, which don’t change a tremendous store of starting with one spot then onto the going with, you can have groupings in video slots which makes it generally all the by and large furthermore overpowering to be a trace of.
Expecting you are totally new to the universe of slot, by you would preferably require regardless something focal. This can be refined by investigating games that are rapid. No other game can be less astonishing to see other than video slots. Consequently, this customarily makes it a remarkable game to learn and end up being more acquainted with. Genuinely, the level of individuals out there that need to end up being more acquainted with this game ought to be clarification enough for you to look at giving these games a shot. Since the stakes are left for you to pick, it isn’t consistently a truly treacherous choice considering.- Log PowerShell command outputs with Group Policy - Fri, Oct 16 2015
- PowerShell script to create local user accounts or local groups - Tue, Oct 13 2015
- How to display a pop-up message box with PowerShell - Wed, Sep 30 2015
Querying the file version of a single file is easy. You can use the Get-Item cmdlet, as shown in the following example, to get the file version information. But things become difficult when you have to do this for hundreds of computers.
(Get-Item C:\Windows\system32\tcpipcfg.dll).VersionInfo
When you want to find the version of a particular file in all computers in your environment, you need a sophisticated script that handles several error conditions and generates neat output. The script provided in this article is developed to help in such scenarios.
This script (Get-FileVersionInfoRemotely.ps1) has the following features:
- It takes one or more computer names as input.
- It takes the local path of the file that you want to query. For example, if you want to query the file version of c:\program files\app1\appinfo.dll, you can provide the file path as is rather than specify an UNC path such as \\computername\c$\program files\app1\appinfo.dll.
- It provides the status of each computer in the report. The value of this status column indicates the result of querying that computer. See the output screenshot at the end of this article to understand this better.
- SUCCESS: Indicates that the script was able to query the file version on a remote computer.
- FailedTOQuery: Indicates that script was unable to query the file version. Possible reasons include file permissions or trouble accessing the remote $ share of the drive where the file resides.
- PathNotAccessable: Indicates that the script was unable to access the path. As a result, the file was not found in the location that was provided in the input.
- NotReachable: Indicates that the computer you want to query did not respond to the ping.
- It generates a CSV output that you can easily filter using Excel and use for further processing.
- Along with the file version, the script gives the product version, original name of the file, product name, and file description.
- You can pass the output file name to the -OutputFile
[CmdletBinding()] Param( [string[]]$ComputerName = $env:ComputerName, [Parameter(mandatory=$true)] [string]$Path, [string]$OutputFile = "c:\temp\FileVersionInfo.csv" ) $parts = $Path -split ":\\" $DriveLetter = $parts[0] $PathwoRoot = $parts[1] Write-Verbose "Drive letter is $DriveLetter" Write-Verbose "Remaining Path is $PathwoRoot" try { $Parent = [System.IO.Directory]::GetParent($OutputFile) if(Test-Path $Parent.FullName) { Write-Verbose "Output folder $($parent.FullName) exists" } else { throw "Directory $($parent.FullName) not found. Output file cannot be created" } } catch { Write-Error "Error occurred while checking output folder. $_" return } $OutputArr = @() foreach($Computer in $ComputerName) { Write-Host "Querying file version on $Computer" $OutputObj = New-Object -TypeName PSobject $OutputObj | Add-Member -MemberType NoteProperty -Name ComputerName -Value $Computer $OutputObj | Add-Member -MemberType NoteProperty -Name FilePath -Value $Path $OutputObj | Add-Member -MemberType NoteProperty -Name FileVersion -Value $null $OutputObj | Add-Member -MemberType NoteProperty -Name ProductVersion -Value $null $OutputObj | Add-Member -MemberType NoteProperty -Name Status -Value $null $OutputObj | Add-Member -MemberType NoteProperty -Name OriginalName -Value $null $OutputObj | Add-Member -MemberType NoteProperty -Name FileDescription -Value $null $OutputObj | Add-Member -MemberType NoteProperty -Name ProductName -Value $null if(Test-Connection -ComputerName $Computer -count 1 -quiet) { $TargetPath = [string]::format("\\{0}\{1}`$\{2}",$Computer,$DriveLetter,$PathwoRoot) Write-verbose "Trying to get $TargetPath file version" if(Test-Path $TargetPath) { try { $VersionInfo = [System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo]::GetVersionInfo($TargetPath) $OutputObj.FileVersion = $VersionInfo.FileVersion $OutputObj.ProductVersion = $VersionInfo.ProductVersion $OutputObj.OriginalName = $VersionInfo.OriginalName $OutputObj.FileDescription = $VersionInfo.FileDescription $OutputObj.ProductName = $VersionInfo.ProductName $OutputObj.Status = "SUCCESS" } catch { $OutputObj.Status = "FailedTOQuery" } } else { $OutputObj.Status = "PathNotAccessable" } } else { $OutputObj.Status = "NotReachable" } $OutputArr += $OutputObj Write-Verbose $OutputObj } $OutputArr | Export-csv $OutputFile -NotypeInformation
Now that we have seen the script’s features, let’s look at some usage examples.
In the example below, we query the file version of a remote computer named PSDC02. The -OutputFile parameter is optional. If you don’t specify it, the script writes the output to c:\temp\fileversioninfo.csv by default.
PS C:\temp> .\Get-FileVersionInfoRemotely.ps1 -ComputerName PSDC02 -Path C:\Windows\system32\tcpipcfg.dll -OutputFile c:\temp\fileversiondetails.csv
You can use the above command to collect file version information from multiple computers as well. To do so, provide a list of computer names as comma-separated values to the -ComputerName parameter, as shown below:
PS C:\temp> .\Get-FileVersionInfoRemotely.ps1 -ComputerName PSDC02,PSDC01 -Path C:\Windows\system32\tcpipcfg.dll -OutputFile c:\temp\fileversiondetails.csv
For a large number of computers, place the computer names in a text file by entering one computer name per line. You can then pass the text file to the script, as shown below:
PS C:\temp> .\Get-FileVersionInfoRemotely.ps1 -ComputerName (get-content c:\temp\workstations.txt) -Path C:\Windows\system32\tcpipcfg.dll -OutputFile c:\temp\fileversiondetails.csv
You can place the text file anywhere, but make sure to provide the complete file path. No restriction exists with regard to the name of the text file.
The screenshots below show the script progress and the contents of the output file when the script runs against multiple computers.
I hope this script is helpful. If you have any problems using this script or suggestions for how to improve the script, please leave a comment.
Love the script, is there a way you could specify what username and password to connect to computers with?
Great script...I'd like to know if you can specify user/password too! thanks
this is so helpfull..
Thank you so much! I can now get any file version from a list from computers.
Works without glitches
Respectfully,
Pablo
Hello Sir, Really Helpful.
Thanks a lot.
Please help me in getting file info for multiple files at a time from different paths.
Reagrds
Shivang.
3 years ago.
I know this is an older post, but I've just used this to interrogate NTDLL.dll and it's only reporting the file version for the base operating system, and ignoring any patches that have subsequently been applied. For example, on my Win 10 machine, the script reports version 10.0.16299.611 but manually looking at the details of the file it is 10.0.16299.936.
Is there any reason that this does not match? It makes the script useless for our needs.
2 years ago
Hi Ian,
The FileVersion Property(Line no 44) would return the build version of the file.
To get the current(Patch) version of the file use the below code.
2 years ago
Alternatively, if you have PowerShell 5.0 you could also use Fileversionraw property.
2 years ago
Here is an example to illustrate the difference.
Hi,
Great script.
How do I include Date Modified file property to the script?
Thanks.
2 years ago
Hi Joseph,
o get the last modified time for the file append this code after line 36
$OutputObj | Add-Member -MemberType NoteProperty -Name LastModifiedTime -Value $null
And insert this code after line 49
$OutputObj.LastModifiedTime = (get-item $TargetPath).LastWriteTime
Thanks, Swapnil. That worked.
2 years ago
Thank you so much for the script. It's very usefull for me.
Hi, I know this is an old topic but this script has been useful this last weeks, I would like to know how to save the cvs file as actual date and time format , example: 1-15-20201256.csv.
Thanks advance.
Regards
awesome ! this really help! thank you!Exam Code: HPE2-E74
Exam Name: HPE Sale Entry Level SOlution 2021
Version: V15.35
Q & A: 208 Questions and Answers
HPE2-E74 Free Demo download
HP HPE2-E74 Reliable Exam Labs In this way, customers are free to choose to buy or not to buy, which is nothing but utterly beneficial, {{sitename}} HPE2-E74 Study Group not only provide the products which have high quality to each candidate, but also provides a comprehensive after-sales service, HP HPE2-E74 Reliable Exam Labs If you have any questions during the installation process, we will arrange professional staff on guidance of your installation and use, HP HPE2-E74 Reliable Exam Labs With precious time passing away, many exam candidates are making progress with high speed and efficiency.
These capabilities weren't as intuitive or flexible in Adobe Shape CC, Where you click on a closed path should be determined by whether the path has a fill or content.
This value has broad definitions: you may consider HPE2-E74 Reliable Exam Labs someone who lives in your condo building a `neighbor`, as well as someone who lives several blocks away, Here is one of S2000-012 Valid Test Fee the first places where traditional methods of creating a presentation can go wrong.
Specialty hospitals are the way of the future, C-style Character Strings, Let's take a look at the Organizr, {{sitename}} provides the HPE2-E74 study guide and other practice Q&As in the most convenient format: HPE2-E74 PDF and HPE2-E74 APP .with the PDF, you can print the HPE2-E74 Q&As out and carry with you everywhere.
A confluence of new web content and interaction innovations has HPE2-E74 Reliable Exam Labs fundamentally changed user expectations about website behaviors and capabilities, Cisco Security Agent Architecture.
Author Bill Calkins has administered and taught Oracle Solaris and its predecessors for more than twenty years, How Your Credit Score Affects You, Why {{sitename}} is the best choice for HPE2-E74 exam preparation?
This can be combined with advances in machine learning, to HPE2-E74 Reliable Exam Labs identify the key experiments we need to focus on and identify the best materials for the job in future reactors.
The hacker learns about the victim's background information and gathers data about PEGAPCSA85V1 Test Questions Pdf what type of information would be needed for an attack, Our HPE Sale Entry Level SOlution 2021 online test engine can give you special practice experience for your preparation.
In this way, customers are free to choose Reliable L4M5 Study Plan to buy or not to buy, which is nothing but utterly beneficial, {{sitename}} not only provide the products which have high quality to each candidate, but also provides a comprehensive after-sales service.
If you have any questions during the installation HPE2-E74 Reliable Exam Labs process, we will arrange professional staff on guidance of your installation and use, With precious time passing HPE2-E74 Reliable Exam Labs away, many exam candidates are making progress with high speed and efficiency.
First of all, our HPE2-E74 study materials are very rich, so you are free to choose, This is also the reason that has been popular by the majority of candidates.
The price of Our HPE2-E74 practice guide is affordable, and you can always find that from time to time, we will give some promotion for our worthy customers, Western Union: If you have no credit card, please use the Western Union.
The ways to overcome difficulties always surpass HPE2-E74 Reliable Exam Labs difficulties itself, Our IT management will update every day, You only need to practice about twenty to thirty hours on our study guide, which means that you only need to spend one or two hours on the HPE2-E74 pdf vce every day.
We sell high-quality products with high passing rate so that we are becoming famous in this field and get a position, Once you clear HPE2-E74 exam and obtain certification you will have a bright future.
Although to pass the exam is hard, you also don't need to worry about it, Study FOI6 Group Our customers have benefited from the convenience of state-of-the-art, We have a large number of regular customers in many different countries now, all of whom are the beneficiaries of our HPE2-E74 latest practice questions, they have not only obtained their certification, but also have entered into the big company and gained great reputation in this field now.
NEW QUESTION: 1
One XGS appliance in a financial company was running firmware version 5.2 for 2 years.
The System Administrator upgraded the firmware to 5.3.2.3 because version 5.2 is no longer supported and enabled Any-Any-Any-Inspect rule in Outbound SSL Inspection Policy according to new company audit policy. After that, several users complain that their workstations cannot get Windows Update any more.
What should the System Administrator do to resolve this issue?
A. Enable the Any-Any-Microsoft domain certificate-Ignore built-in rule in Outbound SSL Inspection Policy and male sure the priority of this rule is higher than Any-Any-Any-Inspect
B. Enable Any-Any-Any- Privacy-sensitive Information-Ignore rule in Outbound SSL Inspection Policy and make sure the priority of this rule is higher than Any-Any-Any- Inspect.
C. Use the Microsoft domain certificate application object and create an outbound SSL ignore rule with priority higher than Any-Any-Any-Inspect.
D. Create a domain certificate category application specifying *.update.microsoft.com in CN List and create an outbound SSL ignore rule with priority higher than Any-Any-Any-Inspect.
Answer: C
Explanation:
Problem(Abstract)
If Outbound SSL decryption is enabled on the XGS, Windows Updates fail.
Resolving the problem
To resolve the issue in firmware 5.3.1.1 or greater, add the following Outbound SSL Inspection Policy rule as defined below:
Action: Ignore
Source: Any
Destination: Any
Domain: Microsoft domain certificate
References:74."Ted Lasso" Rewatch - S2, Episode 7: 'Headspace' ft. Adam Amin
Manage episode 301866251 series 2643253
Sportscaster Adam Amin joins Alex McDaniel & Kyle Bandujo to help navigate the emotional rollercoaster that was "Ted Lasso" S2, Episode 7: 'Headspace.' The trio talks about male insecurity, Ted's aversion to therapy, and a villainous turn from our beloved Nate.
Follow the hosts on Twitter: Adam @adamamin, Alex @alexmcdaniel, and Kyle @kylebandujo., and Kevin Frost.
Art for Big Screen Sports was created by Riki Prosper.
Learn more about your ad choices. Visit podcastchoices.com/adchoices
195集单集Prev
C++ VC ATL STL Concurrency Experts Index
Headers
Your browser does not support iframes.
Re: dynamic initialization of local an non-local static variables
From:
=?ISO-8859-1?Q?Daniel_Kr=FCgler?= <daniel.kruegler@googlemail.com>
Newsgroups:
comp.lang.c++.moderated
Date:
Tue, 18 Jan 2011 16:54:29 CST
Message-ID:
<ih4vo2$dur$1@news.eternal-september.org>
Am 03.01.2011 10:30, schrieb Gene Bushuyev:
A contrived example and questions below:
#include<iostream>
struct A
{
A(const char* msg) { std::cout<< msg<< std::endl; }
};
A non_local("non-local");
A& singleton()
{
static A local("local");
return local;
}
int main()
{
std::cout<< "main"<< std::endl;
singleton();
}
1) What are the possibilities here? Can "non-local", "local", and
"main" be printed in any order by conforming compiler?
No, there are some guaranteed constraints on the order, see below.
Do I understand
correctly that the standard allows dynamic initialization of non-local
variables with static storage duration to be deferred until the first
use, and also allows local variables with static storage duration to
be initialized early, before the first pass through the function?
According to 3.6.2 p. 4:
"If the initialization is deferred to some point in time after the first statement of main, it shall occur before the first odr-use (3.2) of any function or variable defined in the same translation unit as the variable to be initialized."
The function singleton() is defined in the same translation unit (TU) as the global variable non_local and thus local shall be initialized *after* non_local.
Two interesting questions remain:
a) Is there a guaranteed order between the initial output in main() and
the initialization of non_local?
b) How far can the allowance to perform dynamic initialization as static initialization be stretched in this example?
In regard to (a) it depends whether any of the functions or objects involved in the expression
std::cout<< "main" << std::endl
are defined in this TU or not. This expression involves
template <class charT, class traits>
basic_ostream<charT,traits>& endl(basic_ostream<charT,traits>& os);
as well as ostream's member function
basic_ostream<charT,traits>& operator<<(
basic_ostream<charT,traits>& (*pf)(basic_ostream<charT,traits>&));
and a free operator overload for
ostream& operator<<(ostream&, const char*);
and all indirectly involved functions and objects.
Even though these are nominally function templates (except the middle one) an implementation is free to specialize these basic_ostream templates or members and to define them separately, since the template arguments don't involve user-defined types.
In regard to (b) it is important to realize that 3.6.2 p. 3 b. 1,
"the dynamic version of the initialization does not change the value of any other object of namespace scope prior to its initialization"
is a hard constraint for implementations. Specifically, the dynamic version of the local variable in singleton() *does* change the value of std::cout, therefore I don't see how it's initialization could be performed as a static initialization.
An open question for me is, whether implementations have to conserve an order of the initial output statement in main() and the initialization of non_local. Currently I cannot find wording that enforces one.
Finally note that the open issue
is slightly involved with this question.
2) Thread safety. The n3092 makes guarantees of thread safety of local
static variables in 6.7/4 "If control enters the declaration
concurrently while the variable is being initialized, the concurrent
execution shall wait for completion of the initialization." But I
can't find any affirmation that dynamic initialization of non-local
static variables is also thread safe. In fact, in multi-threaded
environment it's unclear what "initialization deferred until the first
use" means. The first use might not be always possible to determine.
There are no extra wording in regard to thread safety, so the existing rules implicitly apply. I think we need a specific example to discuss about.
HTH & Greetings from Bremen,
Daniel Kr?gler
--
[ See for info about ]
[ comp.lang.c++.moderated. First time posters: Do this! ]
Generated by PreciseInfo ™
)Research Akemann
Mathematical aspects of random matrices and applications in statistical physics and field theory
The area of random matrix theory (RMT) is a branch of mathematical physics, where many different tools from mathematics enter, like analysis, probability theory or combinatorics, and where results apply to many different areas in physics, such as quantum field theory, quantum chaotic systems, condensed matter or models of statistical mechanics. This is perhaps the reason why RMT continues to be such a lively and interdisciplinary area of research.
One of its goals is to develop a statistical theory of spectra, e.g. of Hamilton or Dirac operators in physics, much like the concept of the scalar quantities as temperature or pressure in standard thermodynamics. Naively, such an operator is replaced by a finite matrix with random variables as entries, depending only on global symmetries like time reversal or charge conjugation. We then seek the laws of how the corresponding matrix eigenvalues are correlated in the limit of large matrix size, in particular if they are universal, that is independent of the details of the distribution of matrix elements. Clearly such a statistical theory of spectra will only describe certain aspects of the underlying physical system. While a comparison with RMT statistics often remains heuristic, several examples exist where we well understand the approximations to be made, that allow for a RMT description to apply, e.g. in lattice gauge theory or quantum chaos.
Many mathematical aspects of RMT that are studied here in Bielefeld are inspired by integrable systems. Advances on a technical level have led us to study and solve RMTs consisting of sums or products of several random matrices. Introducing such an additional structure allows to describe more details of the underlying physical system, as for example the effect the effect of chemical potential or finite lattice spacing in lattice gauge theory, the effect of topological zero modes in quantum Hamiltonians, or properties of the Lyapunov exponents in dynamical systems. Ideally, such multi-matrix models can be mapped to a determinantal or Pfaffian point process of its eigenvalues, and the asymptotic properties of the underlying kernel can be studied, including its universality. Among the most recent examples are non-Hermitian random matrices, including their eigenvector statistics, where universality is still not fully understood.
Part of this research is conducted in the framework of the following programs:
SFB1283
IRTG2235
Please see activities page or contact page for further informationThe chant addresses Herthelan Sai Herthe. in the Eternal Chant to Our Dear Mother and Her most Holy daughter.
Permission is granted to load down this file for personal use.
May this Holy Chant bring you rich blessings and treasures of the Spirit.
Thoughts of the Mind v. 23
See also:
Sri Lalitha: Perhaps the most ancient still living tradition of the Holy Feminine Trinity
The Filianic Creed: The fundamental statement of the Trinitarian Faith of God the the Mother and God the Daughter
<! ENDER WITH SEARCH>
Send Questions or Comments on this Inanna Lalitha.WeChat is China’s number one social media platform that was created back in 2011. It is available on virtually every known mobile platform, so it makes it a great place to promote your brand within the Chinese marketplace. WeChat includes features such as: text chat, newsreader, video calling, games, e-wallet system, QR code support, geo-localized marketing services; and there are lots of ways you can take advantage of all these in your WeChat marketing to expand your brands influence in China.
Create an Official Account
The first and foremost tip for WeChat marketing is getting your brand an official account on WeChat in order to unlock all the features you’re going to need for spreading your brands influence. There are two types of official public accounts you can apply for: subscription accounts, and service accounts. Subscription accounts are more focused on getting information out and communication for your brand. This type of account is going to act more like a newsfeed than anything else, you will be able to publish up to 6 articles a day, so make sure you have good quality content that will bring attention to your brand. Service accounts focus more on giving your brand the ability to provide customer service, a more robust API and gives you access to the WePay platform )and WeChat Store if you get verified). With a service account you can only post 4 times a month, with 1-6 articles per post. Service accounts are best for larger businesses that have already established larger audiences and customer databases.
Innovative and Shareable Quality Content
A great tip for WeChat marketing is that you need to ensure that whichever official account type you choose that you have high quality content to share with your audience. You want content that is going to be interesting and engaging for your customers, but is also something they would want to share with their friends and family so that you bring them into your scope. The more interested they are in everything you post, the more your brand name can spread.
Community Interaction
The best thing about WeChat marketing is the amount of interaction you can have with your customer base. You’ll want to engage with your community as much as you can to ensure they are talking about you. This engagement can be expanded with the use of giveaways, loyalty programs and incentives, or direct interaction through live chats or livestreams. You can also use community influencers to spread your brand name through sponsored contests, as influencers will often have large communities themselves.
Ecommerce Integration and Customer Service
Ecommerce integration can be an important part of WeChat marketing. Giving your customers the ability to pay for products or services through the WeChat platform via WePay is a great convenience and can integrate with geolocation marketing to focus on customers within proximity of a brick-and-mortar store.
Need To Jumpstart Your WeChat Marketing?
If you are looking for help with jumpstarting WeChat marketing for your brand, visit Ads to China by Westwin and contact them today to get started.Mayer Hawthorne Puts A Twist On Tears For Fears’ “Everybody Wants To Rule The World”
I don’t know why Tears For Fears is making a comeback in…
I don’t know why Tears For Fears is making a comeback in…
The final installment in the Man About Town visual story.
He also performed “Fancy Clothes” on the Kimmel stage.
Have an enjoyable, funk-filled evening.
A rousing new single off the singer’s Man About Town album.
The plot thickens following the “Comic Love” visual.
Mayer also announced his new album, Man About Town, out in April!
Mayer plays a private detective for a lounge singer in his new visual.
The Motor City crooner returns with the first single off his upcoming album.
Mayer Hawthorne and 14KT are back at it.
Mayer Hawthorne & Jake One bring us some “holiday love.”
If you like weird sh*t, come on in.GCBC-I Briquette Machine
Details:
GCBC Series wood briquette maker is high-end briquetting machine with elegant appearance and advanced structure. No needs of changing Inner Former until input capacity exceed 1000 tons.
The Basic Process of Making Wood Charcoal Stick
- Material Preparation
To ℃. Proje
- The Possibility Of Using Straw Briquette To Replace Coal
Allmyvbucks.me To Get Robux Free, Here's How
Allmyvbucks.me website is indeed an alternative to getting.
Allmyvbucks.me still exists and still gets a lot of visits by most of the Roblox players. The reason is that allmyvbucks.me can is believed to be able to produce free robux coffers, if the user is lucky and manages to verify the robux he wants to get.
Here we will discuss about how to get robux for free, and if you are interested in trying your luck then keep an eye on our discussion and follow the steps so you can get it for free. But is it true that allmyvbucks.me website is legit and not a scam.
Actually, the game developer prohibits Robox game users from using illegal methods. Because allmyvbucks.me is skins generator online service that provides free robux, and of course if you can succeed it will be dangerous for the account you are using if robux is detected from the generator service.
We recommend that you use a new roblox account, for the security of your account and device from malware attacks. Then how do you get free robux on all my vbucks.me?
- First, launch a browser on your device.
- Visit the allmyvbucks.me wwebsite at:
- Start by pressing the Next button
- Determine the number of robux you want to get
- Press the Continue button and wait for the process to finish
That's all the explanation of how to use allmyvbucks.me.com robux for free. After you use it and robux adds more to our Roblox account, then it is certain that allmyvbucks.me is not a scam.
Posting Komentar untuk "Allmyvbucks.me To Get Robux Free, Here's How"Melodic Distraction Radio is calling on Liverpool music fans to help find it a new home. The station whose residents include Crazy P, Reedale Rise, ASOK and Lȧpsley, has been broadcasting from the Baltic Triangle since 2017, but will now be forced to leave.
Due to irreconcilable differences with their landlord, Melodic Distraction say they will have to leave their current space at the end of October. The organisation claims the proposed redevelopment of the building and plot of land that Melodic Distraction’s studio sits on means the landlord will only offer incremental, short-lease extensions.
This means Melodic Distraction is looking for a new studio space with a strong local community and long-term security. They are appealing to all those in Liverpool to help them find a space suitable at this uncertain time.
To learn more about Melodic Distraction, head to melodicdistraction.com.
Tinting your car's windows can bring you many benefits. It is a simple accessory that can be used on any vehicle, and it is also very affordable. To make sure you don't get in trouble with the authorities, it is important to know the traffic laws in your area before tinting your car windows.
The tint is applied to the car's windows. It helps reduce the light entering the vehicle. Tint for automotive windows blocks harmful ultraviolet rays from sunlight. You can choose from very light tint to extremely dark tints, sometimes called limo tint. If you want to get window tinting services in Thousand Oaks, then you can visit Diamond Auto Salon LLC.
Image Source: Google
Window tinting offers many benefits. Read on to learn more.
1. Car window tinting is a great way to achieve privacy in your car. It's no surprise that celebrities, heads of state, and business leaders ride in tinted cars. Tint allows you to be protected from prying eyes and protects you from malicious intent.
2. Tinting protects valuable items such as laptops and other valuables inside the car because it is hard for anyone to see. Dark charcoal-colored films are the most popular type of tint to provide privacy and security. These films make it easy to see outside the car, but almost impossible for someone looking inside.
3. Tinted windows offer protection against the sun. Strong UV rays can damage car interiors by accelerating upholstery wear, fading leather seats, and cracking the dashboard.
Tinting your car's windows can transform its appearance and give you the same benefits as above.Most families make plans for Christmas. An overseas trip, a cross country vacation, Banquets, meals, outings, shopping and all kinds of plans for the holidays. People will make plans to do what they want to do with their lives. Even those that appear not to have any plans actually have a plan. The plan is to have no plan and just go with whatever comes in a certain way.
The birth of Jesus is the ultimate evidence of the plan of God for your life. Thousands of years before He was born, God begun to bring together all kinds of people as part of the genealogy of the Lord. People from different backgrounds, skin colour, social status, and occupations all brought together to meet the messiah. On that Christmas night the plan of God was coming to pass.
Your life and all that has come along have been for one purpose and that is the plan of God to be manifest. Don’t worry about the diverse situations, God has a plan through it all. The limitations will not hold the Lord back. God’s plan for you will be manifest. Yes there are times it may appear like there is no sense to the madness about you. Simply trust the plan of God.
SCRIPTURE READING:.
DEVOTION PRAYER: Loving father, I thank you for the plans that you have for me. My life and all that has come along has been for your purpose. I refuse to worry about any diverse situation now that I know am in Your Plan. AmenDenver Nuggets vs Dallas Mavericks Predictions, Odds, Picks
- The Nuggets look to extend their win streak to four.
- The Mavericks host the Nuggets, before an upcoming four-game road trip.
- The Nuggets won their earlier meeting with the Mavericks this season in a blowout.
Nuggets vs Mavericks Odds
Odds provided by Caesars Sportsbook.
Play Fantasy Sports Here!
Denver Nuggets vs Dallas Mavericks Predictions and Picks
Two teams that are incredibly dependent on their star player to lead them to victory, the play of Nikola Jokic and Luka Doncic is something that will define the game. Dallas’ secondary scorers should help them bring the season series level.
Picks:
Dallas Mavericks def. Denver Nuggets (-190)
Head-to-Head: Denver Nuggets vs Dallas Mavericks
Injury Report
How Can the Nuggets Beat the Mavericks?
The Nuggets are coming off of a solid win over the Atlanta Hawks. If there is one thing they need to carry over from that game, it is their effort defending the three-point line.
Dallas is tenth in the league in three-pointers made per game, but in the bottom third in terms of three-point shooting percentage. They shoot a high volume, but they’re not always the best shots.
The Nuggets held the Hawks to 17.9% shooting from deep in their last game due to excellent effort on closeouts and defensive communications. Against another perimeter-oriented team in Dallas, the Nuggets must maintain their effort.
Nuggets Key Player: (F) Aaron Gordon
Aaron Gordon soaaaars in on League Pass!
Watch here: pic.twitter.com/WzumlBuAvQ
— NBA (@NBA) November 15, 2021
The Nuggets swung for the fences when they acquired Aaron Gordon from the Magic last season. A serial underachiever in Orlando, Gordon seems to have settled into a role with Denver.
In his last game, a win over the Hawks, Gordon posted 23 points, 4 rebounds, and 4 assists. He was excellent on the defensive end too, collecting 3 blocks and 2 steals on the evening.
Gordon is not always a reliable offensive threat, but on the defensive end he can make an impact. If Gordon can contain some of Dallas’ secondary scorers, the Nuggets have a great shot at victory.
How Can the Mavericks beat the Nuggets?
The Nuggets are an efficient shooting team who are happy to slow down the pace if that means they can acquire better shots. When Dallas takes them on, they need to control the tempo of play.
It isn’t an issue of speed, as the Mavericks are one of the worst in the league in terms of breakpoints – just 9.3 per game. But they need to get off to a strong start, as they usually struggle in the first quarter.
Despite averaging just 25.4 points per first quarter, the Mavericks, in their last game, scored 31. Doncic and Porzingis led the way, and it opened up opportunities for their teammates. A strong start will relieve the pressure from their less than stellar bench.
Mavericks Key Player: (F-C) Kristaps Porzingis
🚨 PORZINGIS LOGO BUZZER BEATER 🚨 pic.twitter.com/eO76SkcADT
— NBA on ESPN (@ESPNNBA) November 13, 2021
Despite missing five games through the early season, Kristaps Porzingis seems to finally be rounding into form. In a matchup with Jokic, he needs to make an impact.
In his last game against the Spurs, Porzingis was brilliant. He posted 32 points, 7 rebounds, and 3 blocks on 12 of 22 shooting from the field.
Jokic is the engine that drives the Nuggets, so Porzingis needs to do everything in his power to challenge him on the defensive end. Porzingis has the potential to be an issue for any Nuggets defender, he could open up the entire game for Dallas.
How to Watch Nuggets vs.Hiring A Maid Service Columbus, Ohio
Fast-paced lifestyles, hectic schedules and a lack of free time can lead one to consider hiring a maid service to handle critical house cleaning duties. But before picking up the phone to schedule an appointment, it is important to know whom you are letting into your home. liability and employee accident coverage and should include your home, the housecleaner(s) and the company.
References: Make sure the maid service is reliable. How many years have they been in business? Ask for references and a work history. When calling references ask some key questions:
- How long have you used the maid service?
- Have you ever needed to make a complaint? If so, how did the service handle resolving the issue?
- Would you enthusiastically recommend the maid service provider?
Employee screening and hiring: Ask the maid service company if employees' references are checked, if criminal background checks are administered, and if residence status is confirmed. Also find out if the workforce is comprised of employees or subcontractors. A maid service is supplying the equipment, find out the efficiency of the vacuum and the filtration system.
Satisfaction: Ask if the maid maid service should have quality assurance procedures in place to be sure their house cleaning meets quality standards every clean. Ask if the.
By looking into all these factors before hiring a maid service, you can rest assured knowing that you will be getting the highest quality maid service available from a reputable and trustworthy company.CPA in Oakland Park, FL
Bookkeeping in Oakland Park
Small Business Tax Services in Oakland Park
Certified Acceptance Agent in Oakland Park
Accountant in Oakland Park
Tax Audit Services in Oakland Park
Small Business Accounting in Oakland Park
Are you looking for the best CPA in Oakland Park FL? If you are searching for a Oakland Park FL CPA , then what are the important qualities in your CPA to look for?
1. Location: Let's face it, convenience is important and it's nice to meet with your CPA in person. James Ridout is a CPA in Oakland Park FL, so you can meet with him easily in person.
2. Excellent Book-Keeping: If you need not just a CPA in Oakland Park, but also a Bookkeeper in Oakland Park FL, then James Ridout CPA is an excellent choice. He offers bookkeeping for small businesses. Bookkeeping is one the most important parts of getting the best deduction in your taxes. Again, if you are in Oakland Park FL or near Oakland Park and need a bookkeeping service in Oakland Park, give James a call.
3. Certified Acceptance Agent : If you are looking for a Certified Acceptance Agent in Oakland Park FL, or a Certified Acceptance Agent in Fort Lauderdale, then James is the best Fort Lauderdale Certified Acceptance Agent. So the choice is easy.Entrou: 27 de abr. de 2020 Última vez ativo: 26 de nov. de 2021 iNaturalist Australia Monthly Supporter since novembro 2020
I'm an observer of the species in my garden and local area, fascinated by the diversity in nature and grateful for the opportunity to learn and contribute even in a small way. I greatly admire the scientists and enthusiasts who are studying the natural world and protecting it.
Despite the setbacks I've seen over a long lifetime I'm optimistic about the future - knowledge is expanding exponentially and co-operative sites like iNaturalist are accessible globally. What a "buzz" to have an observation quickly confirmed or corrected by someone locally or from another state or country/culture from across the world! The world as my neighbourhood! I'm grateful.
I would like to acknowledge the Wadawurrung people, the Traditional Owners and Custodians of the unceded lands on which I live, and pay respect to Wadawurrung Ancestors and Elders past and present. I honour the Wadawurrung peoples' spiritual, cultural and customary connections to this land and the biodiversity that exists on Country.Use the code "BUNDLE" to make any 4 products a bundle box!
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
We handcraft skin and hair care products using natural ingredients & love!
It's our mission to help you find your perfect personal care routine using products you feel good about and your body loves🤎
Vanilla Vibes Body Cream
Regular price
$13
Vanilla Vibes Body Butter
Regular price
$16
Vanilla Vibes Body Wash
Regular price
$14
Vanilla Vibes Body Scrub
Regular price
$12Premier League preview: London derby strikes, Mu Bird fights the Blues again,tna fix
What's more, the dressing room is so happy now, what reason does Sara have to quarrel with Mr. Madman at this time? tna fix The bench player sitting next to the two looked at Mordred with a complicated expression.Domestic
What's going on with Trump's hurricane Hindi? Trump hurricaneous Hindi netizens also mentioned Nazha
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Yixing Daily
Argentina U23 main left-back red card suspended, missed the match against Egypt U23
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Qianjiang Evening News
WHO experts again criticized the Western media for discrediting China: the results of the Wuhan trip exceeded expectations
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Shanxi Daily
4 Chinese tourists killed and 3 injured in car accident in Turkey
2021-11-27 11:31:02 China Electronic News Shanghai Wen Wei Po
Day 2 Preview: Nagasaki Sailing VS Iwata Yuki
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Daqing Daily
Afghan government withdraws memorandum prohibiting girls from singing in public
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Sanqin Metropolis Daily
Westbrook has recovered and flew to Orlando to join the team! Deshuai praised, double MVP teamed up for the championship
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Fuzhou Evening News
Morgan Stanley asks New York City employees to return to the office
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Metropolis Express
How strong is the Barcelona Dream Three? Why is Dreams Barcelona called the Universe Team?
2021-11-27 11:31:02 China Net
Over 130,000 foreign guests in Nisaga Prefecture and Chinese tourists have increased significantly
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Russian TASS
Football News: Football Association considers U19 national youth to hit second in preparation for the 2024 Olympics
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Xiamen Daily
What happened to the US blockade of bases in South Korea? Why did the United States block its bases in South Korea?
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Jiaxing Daily
Russian media: The Chinese government releases timely and transparent information on the epidemic and prevention and control
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Liaoning Digital News
Japanese media: Eindhoven and other teams are interested in Kobe Victory Ship striker Too Furuhashi
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Securities Daily
Chile Cup Preview: Iquique Sports VS Catholic University
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Yangzhou Evening News
Shortened from 10 hours to 3 hours Chifeng to Kazuo Passenger Dedicated Project opened and operated
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Shenyang Evening News Dalian Daily
Almost to be recorded in the history of the NBA inventory of 30 unfinished epic moments
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Love thoughts
H5 Diagram Cartoon Poster PanoramicProduced by this website
Youth storm! England becomes the second youngest team in the European Cup, and Spain is fifth
Asian Cup live broadcast: Japan VS Iran watch CCTV5 sports channel address online
Today's epidemic situation summary: Shanghai found the first case of genetically similar mutant virus reported in the United Kingdom, and outbreaks occurred in more than 850 prisons across the United States
Jizhe's tears of mourning ceremony video! Jizhe's 3 crowns in 4 years left more than just trophies
The cumulative number of confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia in the U.S. exceeds 900,000
South Korea's nightclubs are full of young people who don't wear masks to party indoors during the epidemic
Current events Hot spot Internationality SocietyHot news
What signal? Chongyang Department further reduced its holding of Yanjing Beer, revealing its next move
Hanau, Germany held a memorial service for the victims of the shooting
- U.S. government's budget for the new fiscal year: Emphasizing military affairs over diplomacy
- More than half of the U.S. troop withdrawal from Afghanistan suggests that it may slow down the withdrawal
- Revealing a Song Renzong who is more real than "Qing Ping Le"
- Selling a house again to save itself, what warning does Haima bring to the industry?
- WHO: The global cumulative number of confirmed cases of new crown reached 98,794,942
- Spain will restrict entry of passengers from Brazil and South Africa
- Who else! Osnabrück suffered an 8-game losing streak in the Bundesliga. When will the turning point come?
More newsOrder of the news
- Foreign Media Wants | Evening News, June 10: This year's global economic growth forecast by the World Bank raised to 5.6%
- A suicide attack on a church in Pakistan has killed 8 people
- Guashuai: Congratulations to Manchester United for signing Maguire
- Gnabry scoring pictures: This is how we play
- Due to illegal signings, Spezia was banned for four transfer periods
- The Plenary Session of the European Parliament on the 29th voted to pass the British "Brexit" agreement
- The explosion in Afghanistan has killed more than 40 people and injured more than 140 people, the Taliban claimed responsibility
- Egypt's big squad: Salah led, 5 returnees from the Premier League
- The underground tunnels constructed by Chinese enterprises in Saudi Arabia are completed and opened to traffic
- French Open women's doubles final Chinese team lost to No. 2 seed Barbos/Meladenovic
Channel Featured
- Rio's competition for the third and fourth place in the Olympics has once again been staged. Can Brazil repay the revenge without medals?
- Reversed the script? After Wang Baoqiang and Ma Rong divorced, their situation was very different
- Kashima Antlers VS Kawasaki striker starting: Kashima backcourt rotation due to the new crown, Kawasaki Mikaru will play
- Obama expresses good news that the Republican Party will soften its position
- France's Paris stock market CAC40 index fell on the 12th
- Trump's impeachment trial starts on February 8th! Once established, in addition to being unable to run in 2024, he will lose these
- [International Commentary] Those Western conspirators who talked about Xinjiang's "human rights" have been exposed to hypocrisy
- The UN Security Council reaffirms its opposition to foreign interference through the draft on Libya
- Wei Shihao may join Evergrande to introduce naturalized players and add local young internationals
- Eggshells listed on the market for 445 consecutive days, with thunderstorms quickly delisting! More than 1 million users criedMost popularConnect Typeform with these top apps to save bags of time and effort
Typeform recommendsThe apps we're crazy about
Excel OnlineCreate spreadsheets, graphs, and charts to turn your typeform responses into meaningful insights
More apps to grow your businessCapture new leads, optimize your marketing campaign, scale your teams, and moreDMCOutline Reference quality standards The application of dimethyl carbonate Chemical Properties Uses Production method Category Toxicity grading Acute toxicity Flammability and hazard characteristics Storage characteristics Extinguishing agent
- Product Name
- DMC
- CAS No.
- 616-38-6
- Chemical Name
- DMC
- Synonyms
- DMC;DMC;CH3OCOOCH3;METHYL CARBONATE;Dimethylcarbonat;dimetyl carbonate;DIMETHYL CARBONATE;dimethly carbonate;Methoxyformic acid;TwoMethyl carbonate
- CBNumber
- CB8853983
- Molecular Formula
- C3H6O3
- Formula Weight
- 90.08
- MOL File
- 616-38-6.mol
DMC Property
- Melting point:
- 2-4 °C (lit.)
- Boiling point:
- 90 °C (lit.)
- Density
- 1.069 g/mL at 25 °C (lit.)
- vapor density
- 3.1 (vs air)
- vapor pressure
- 18 mm Hg ( 21.1 °C)
- refractive index
- n20/D 1.368(lit.)
- Flash point:
- 65 °F
- storage temp.
- Store below +30°C.
- solubility
- 139g/l
- form
- Liquid
- color
- <50(APHA)
- Odor
- Pleasant
- explosive limit
- 4.22-12.87%(V)
- Water Solubility
- 139 g/L
- Sensitive
- Moisture Sensitive
- Merck
- 14,3241
- BRN
- 635821
- Stability:
- Stable. Highly flammable. Incompatible with strong oxidizing agents, potassium t-butoxide.
- InChIKey
- IEJIGPNLZYLLBP-UHFFFAOYSA-N
- CAS DataBase Reference
- 616-38-6(CAS DataBase Reference)
- NIST Chemistry Reference
- Carbonic acid, dimethyl ester(616-38-6)
- EPA Substance Registry System
- Carbonic acid, dimethyl ester (616-38-6)
Safety
- Hazard Codes
- F
- Risk Statements
- 11
- Safety Statements
- 9-16-2017/9/16
- RIDADR
- UN 1161 3/PG 2
- WGK Germany
- 1
- RTECS
- FG0450000
- Autoignition Temperature
- 458 °C
- TSCA
- Yes
- HS Code
- 2920 90 10
- HazardClass
- 3
- PackingGroup
- II
- Hazardous Substances Data
- 616-38-6(Hazardous Substances Data)
- Toxicity
- LD50 in rats (g/kg): 13.8 orally; 2.5 dermally; LC50 (4 hr) in rats (mg/l): 140 by inhalation (Ono)
Hazard and Precautionary Statements (GHS)
- Symbol(GHS)
- Signal word
- Danger
- Hazard statements
H225Highly Flammable liquid and vapour
H361Suspected of damaging fertility or the unborn child
-241Use explosion-proof electrical/ventilating/lighting/…/equipment.
P280Wear protective gloves/protective clothing/eye protection/face protection.
P303+P361+P353IF ON SKIN (or hair): Remove/Take off Immediately all contaminated clothing. Rinse SKIN with water/shower.
P308+P313IF exposed or concerned: Get medical advice/attention.
P370+P378In case of fire: Use … for extinction.
P405Store locked up.
P403+P235Store in a well-ventilated place. Keep cool.
P501Dispose of contents/container to..…
N-Bromosuccinimide Price
- Product number
- 8.03525
- Product name
- Dimethyl carbonate
- Purity
- for synthesis
- Packaging
- 100 mL
- Price
- $30.15
- Updated
- 2021/03/22
- Product number
- 8.45152
- Product name
- Dimethyl carbonate
- Purity
- Msynth?plus
- Packaging
- 100 mL
- Price
- $35.06
- Updated
- 2021/03/22
- Product number
- 8.03525
- Product name
- Dimethyl carbonate
- Purity
- for synthesis
- Packaging
- 1 L
- Price
- $72.24
- Updated
- 2021/03/22
- Product number
- 13259
- Product name
- Dimethyl carbonate
- Purity
- analytical standard
- Packaging
- 100mg
- Price
- $84.3
- Updated
- 2021/03/22
- Product number
- 517127
- Product name
- Dimethyl carbonate
- Purity
- anhydrous, ≥99%
- Packaging
- 1l
- Price
- $109
- Updated
- 2021/03/22
DMC Chemical Properties,Usage,Production
Outline
Dimethyl carbonate is briefly referred to as DMC. At room temperature, it is a colorless and transparent liquid with a pungent odor with a relative density (D204) of 1.0694, a melting point of 4 °C, boiling point of 90.3 °C, the flash point being 21.7 °C (opening) and being 16.7 °C (closed ) and the refractive index (nd20) being 1.3687. It is flammable and non-toxic and is miserable with almost all organic solvents in any proportion with alcohols, ketones and esters. It is slightly soluble in water. It can be used as the methylating agent. Compared with other methylating reagent such as methyl iodide and dimethyl sulfate, dimethyl carbonate is less toxic, and biodegradable.
The past method of making dimethyl carbonate with phosgene as raw materials is not frequently used. Instead, people now adopt the catalytic oxidative carbonylation of methanol in the presence of oxygen which is more environmentally friendly than the previous method.
Dimethyl carbonate can enable to methylation of aniline, phenol and carboxylic acid. However, many reaction demands high-pressure. DBU can be added during reflux of DMC for catalyzing the methylation of carboxylic acid with dimethyl carbonate.
Reference quality standards
Index name battery grade excellent grade first grade qualified experimental methods
Appearance, colorless and transparent liquid
Dimethyl carbonate content% ≥99.9 ≥99.5 ≥99.0 ≥98.5 Gas Chromatography
Water, Water Content% ≤30ppm ≤0.10 ≤0.10 ≤0.10 GB606
Alkalinity mmol/10Og-≤0.10 ≤0.12 ≤0.12 Q/GNPC-JX 017
Non-volatile matter, %-≤0.02 ≤0.02 ≤0.02 GB6324.2
Peroxide (By H2O2) ≤5ppm---GB6016-85
Density (20 ℃), Density g/cm3 1.071 ± 0.005
The application of dimethyl carbonate
1, a novel type of low toxicity solvents and can substitute solvent such as toluene, xylene, ethyl acetate, butyl acetate, acetone or butanone in paints and adhesive industry, and is environmentally friendly green chemical products.
2, it is excellent methylating agent, carbonylation agent, hydroxymethylation agent and methoxylation agent and is a kind of chemical raw material of wide application.
3, it can be used as ideal substitute of highly toxic product such as phosgene, dimethyl sulfate, and methyl chloroformate.
4, it can be used for synthesizing polycarbonate, diphenyl carbonate, and isocyanate and so on.
5, in the field of medicine, it can be for the synthesis of anti-infective drugs, anti-inflammatory medicines, vitamin-class medicines and central nervous system drugs.
6, in the field of pesticides, it can be mainly used for the production of methyl isocyanate, thereby producing some carbamate drugs, pesticides (anisole).
7, it can be used as gasoline additives and lithium battery electrolyte and so on.
The above information is edited by the chemicalbook of Dai Xiongfeng.
Chemical Properties
It is colorless liquid with a pungent odor. It is insoluble in water and soluble in alcohol, ether and other organic solvents.
Uses
Dimethyl carbonate product can be used as traditional substitute of toxic materials phosgene, dimethyl sulfate and methyl chloride and so on. It can be used for synthesis of polycarbonate, diphenyl carbonate, isocyanate and allyl diglycol carbonate ester; it can also used for the synthesis of various kinds of carbamate pesticides such as carbaryl and so on; it can also be used as intermediate of organic synthesis such as anisole, dimethoxybenzene, alkylated aryl amines, symmetrical diamine urea, methyl carbazate and so on; in the pharmaceutical industry, it can be used for making amino oxazolidinone, ciprofloxacin, β-keto acid ester class pharmaceutical intermediates. In addition, it can be used as additives of gasoline, diesel fuel, the refrigerator oil and solvent.
Production method
It can be produced through the reaction between methyl chloroformate ([79-22-1]) and methanol. The raw material, methyl chloroformate is produced from the reaction between methanol and phosgene. For the preparation, it is also plausible to have this phosgenation product been without isolation and add excess methanol for reflux reaction to synthesize dimethyl carbonate. The above reaction is called conventional phosgene method. 2 Transesterification methods: this is based on the transesterification between ethylene carbonate or propylene carbonate and methanol which can also produce dimethyl carbonate. This method has a high yield, small equipment corrosion and mild reaction conditions. However, the source of raw materials is limited by the development of petrochemical industry and the elements utilization rate is low. 3. Oxidative carbonylation method: this is based on the reaction of methanol, carbon monoxide and oxygen in the catalyst for direct synthesis of dimethyl carbonate. This method has a lot of advantages including easily available and cheap raw material, low toxicity and simple process. Therefore, it is the most promising approach. According to the technology conditions, it can be divided into liquid phase method and gas phase method. Gas phase can be further divided into one-step and two-step method, wherein the liquid phase of methanol oxidation-carbonylation method and the gas-phase oxidative carbonylation step method has been industrialized while the one-step way of gas-phase oxidative-carbonylation of methanol is still in development. 4. The synthesis reaction between methanol and CO2. This process route is still in development. 5. Synthesis method via reaction between methanol and urea. This process route is still in development.
Category
Flammable liquid
Toxicity grading
Low toxicity
Acute toxicity
Oral-rat LD50: 13000 mg/kg; Oral-Mouse LD50: 6000 mg/kg.
Flammability and hazard characteristics
It is flammable in case of fire, high temperature and oxidant with burning causing irritated fume.
Storage characteristics
Treasury: ventilation, low-temperature and dry; store it separately from oxidants.
Extinguishing agent
Dry powder dry sand, carbon dioxide, foam, 1211 fire extinguishing agent.
Chemical Properties
colourless liquid
Chemical Properties
Dimethyl carbonate is miscible with most acids and alkalis, soluble in most organic solvents, but insoluble in water.
Uses
Environmentally benign substitute for dimethyl sulfate, q.v., and methyl halides in methylation reactions and for phosgene, q.v., in methylcarbonylation reactions.
Synthesis Reference(s)
The Journal of Organic Chemistry, 49, p. 1122, 1984 DOI: 10.1021/jo00180a033
Tetrahedron Letters, 15, p. 803, 1974
General Description
A clear, colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. Flash point 66°F. Denser than water and slightly soluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals and as a special purpose solvent.
Air & Water Reactions
Highly flammable. Slightly soluble in water.
Reactivity.
Hazard
Flammable, dangerous fire risk. Toxic by inhalation, strong irritant.
Health Hazard
Moderately toxic by intraperitoneal route. Mildly toxic by ingestion. An irritant. Violent reaction or ignition on contact with potassium-tertbutoxide. A very dangerous fire hazard when exposed to heat, open flames (sparks), or oxiduers. To fight fire, use alcohol foam. When heated to decomposition it emits acrid smoke and irritating fumes.
Purification Methods
If the reagent has broad intense bands at 3300cm-1 and above (i.e. OH stretching), then it should be purified further. Wash it successively with 10% Na2CO3 solution, saturated CaCl2, H2O, and dry it by shaking mechanically for 1hour with anhydrous CaCl2, and fractionate. [Bowden & Butler J Chem Soc 78 1939, Vogel J Chem Soc 1847 1948, Beilstein 3 IV 3.]
DMC Preparation Products And Raw materials
Raw materials
Preparation Products
View Lastest Price from DMC manufacturers
- Product
- Dimethyl Carbonate 616-38-6
- Price
- US $20.00/Kg/Drum
- Min. Order
- 25Kg/Drum
- Purity
- 99.99%
- Supply Ability
- 1 ton per week
- Release date
- 2021-04-01
- Product
- DMC 616-38-6
- Price
- US $0.00/KG
- Min. Order
- 1KG
- Purity
- 99%
- Supply Ability
- 20ton
- Release date
- 2021-10-28
- Product
- DMC Dimethyl Carbonate 616-38-6
- Price
- US $10.00/KG
- Min. Order
- 500g
- Purity
- 99%
- Supply Ability
- 2000MT/Month
- Release date
- 2021-07-05Online florist ProFlowers said Sunday suspended advertising on Rush Limbaugh's radio program because his comments about Georgetown University student Sandra Fluke "went beyond political discourse to a personal attack and do not reflect our values as a company."
Also read: Rush Limbaugh Apologizes for 'Slut' Remarks
ProFlowers posted the comment Sunday on its Facebook page.
That's the seventh advertiser to pull its ads from the conservative talk show host's program in the wake of comments he made about a law student who testified about birth control policy.
Also read: Rush Limbaugh Goes After Sandra Fluke Again; NOW Wants Him Gone
The six other advertisers that have pulled ads from his show are mortgage lender Quicken Loans, mattress retailers Sleep Train and Sleep Number, software maker Citrix Systems Inc., online data backup service provider Carbonite and online legal document services company LegalZoom.
On Saturday Limbaugh apologized to fluke on his web site.
“For over 20 years, I have illustrated the absurd with absurdity, three hours a day, five days a week,” wrote Limbaugh. “In this instance, I chose the wrong words in my analogy of the situation. I did not mean a personal attack on Ms. Fluke.”
Fluke had appeared at a Democratic event on Capitol Hill at which she advocated for religion-affiliated institutions to cover contraception in health care plans. She said female students at Georgetown must pay for contraception out of pocket because the school won’t cover it. ….”Vintage Ultra Rare Bausch Lomb Ray-Ban Z0520 VYAS Shooter Aviator Sunglasses B&L
U p for sale is a Vintage Ultra Rare Bausch Lomb Ray-Ban Z0520 VYAS Shooter / Aviator / Driver Sunglasses in Excellent Condition Includes Genuine Case. Lenses are genuine B&L heavy glass and have no scratches. Nose pads are genuine B&L with signage. Signage on top of bridge is marked B&L Ray-Ban USA and under bridge is marked B&L Ray-Ban 58 14. Size is 59 14 125 51. Arm to arm is 5 1/2" arm depth is 5 1/4" lense height is 2. My descriptions and numerous clear pictures are absolutely accurate and I do my best to be perfectly clear and concise. The item "Vintage Ultra Rare Bausch Lomb Ray-Ban Z0520 VYAS Shooter Aviator Sunglasses B&L" is in sale since Tuesday, September 1, 2020. This item is in the category "Clothing, Shoes & Accessories\Men\Men's Accessories\Sunglasses & Sunglasses Accessories\Sunglasses"..
- Lens Material: Glass
- Model: Z0520 VYAS
- Style: Shooter / Aviator / Driver
- Type: Sunglasses
- MPN: Does Not Apply
- Lens Color: Gray
- Brand: Ray-Ban Bausch & Lomb
- Frame Color: Black
 Miami.
The $79 fare is the regular fare which allows advance seat assignment.
American also have a $70<<
Sunny Isles, north of Miami – Photo: Jimmy Baikovicius via Flickr, used under Creative Commons License (By 2.0)
Sample Travel Date:
- March 27th – 30th, 2021
- This is a sample date. See below for more available travel dates
Fare Availability:
- Valid for travel from January 2021 – March: MIA
- Return Advanced Routing Code:
- Textbox 1::
- $59
Sample Routing:
- IAH – MIA (Miami) – IAH
Sample Mileage:
- Miles Flown: 1,916 miles or 4.1 cents per mile
- Elite Qualifying Miles: 1,916 miles
- Redeemable Miles: 295 miles
How to Buy:
- Support us by using our Orbitz link to book with dates found on ITA Software Matrix Airfare Search.
- Select the $70 fare from the search results and you will be presented with the option to upgrade to a regular fare for $9 more (or $79.Women's Safari Long-Sleeve Shirt
This chic + functional Women's Safari Long-Sleeve Shirt in Steel Blue or Moss offers a flattering fit and look that's both stylish and sporty. Ultra-lightweight, quick to dry water repellent material will protect you from outdoor elements whether you are hitting the trail, or on safari in your own backyard. A vented back yoke offers maximum ventilation, making this top ideal for hot or muggy weather. Every time you get a compliment on this attractive top, take a moment to share your personal child sponsorship story, and to invite others to consider blessing a child in need. The subtle Compassion logo on the left chest will remind you to pray for your sponsored child and all God's children around the world. Your purchase supports the work of Compassion International to lift up children in poverty, in Jesus' name.
Features:
- Tailored collar
- Roll-up sleeve option
- Vented back yoke for additional comfort and maximum ventilation
- Invisible zippered pocket to conveniently secure personal items
- 100% PolyesterSome. The situation is deemed to “expose a cycle of ignorance in which community antievolution attitudes are perpetuated by teaching that reinforces local community sentiment”. The recalcitrant teachers are “hindering scientific literacy in the United States”, failing “to explain the nature of scientific inquiry”, undermining “the authority of established experts”, and legitimizing “creationist arguments, even if unintentionally”.
The sheer magnitude of the “problem” raises the question: have the authors read the situation correctly? Are these teachers really falling down badly in their communication of biological science? Words of commendation are reserved only for the 28% of biology teachers who “consistently implement the major recommendations and conclusions of the National Research Council”. These are said to be “outstanding, effective educators of evolutionary biology”. The rest are made up of 13% “at the opposite extreme” (who are creationists and are willing to present creation or intelligent design in a positive light) and the “cautious 60%” who implement “strategies of emphasizing microevolution, justifying the curriculum on the basis of state-wide tests, or “teaching the controversy”.” John Rennie of Scientific American calls these the “mushy middle“. The difficulty I find with all this relates to the value judgments placed on the actions of educators. Should we rather presume that the majority of both the 60% group and the 13% group are committed teachers who seek to promote a love of biological science in their students? It is far more likely that [the report’s authors] Berkman and Plutzer (and Rennie) are drawing erroneous conclusions from their survey and that their comments undermine and insult the work of thousands of dedicated teachers.
6 Replies to “Are 72% of biology teachers hindering scientific literacy in the US?”
Berkman et al (Berkman, M., Pacheco, J., & Plutzer, E. (2008). Evolution and Creationism in America’s Classrooms: A National Portrait. PLoS Biology, 6(5), e124. doi:10.1371/journal.pbio.0060124) noted that in 2007, “Teachers devoted approximately 13.7 hours to discussing evolutionary processes (including human evolution). Only 2% excluded evolution entirely.
“Those teachers who stressed evolution by making it the unifying theme of their course spent more time on it. Overall, only 23% strongly agreed that evolution served as the unifying theme for their biology or life sciences courses; these teachers devoted 18.5 hours to evolution, 50% more class time than other teachers.
When we asked whether an excellent biology course could exist without mentioning Darwin or evolutionary theory at all, 13% of teachers agreed or strongly agreed that such a course could exist (Berkman et al, 2008).
The survey continues: “We also asked teachers whether they spent classroom time on creationism or intelligent design. We found that 25% of teachers indicated that they devoted at least one or two classroom hours to creationism or intelligent design. However, these numbers can be misleading because while some teachers may cover creationism to expose students to an alternative to evolutionary theory, others may bring up creationism in order to criticize it or in response to student inquiries.”
David I think this quote of yours nails it on the head:
The point is this: an uncritical approach to teaching Darwinism is indoctrination, not education. The theory deserves to be critiqued whenever it is not supported by evidence and whenever there are alternative ways of understanding the evidence. Similarly, alternatives to Darwinism also deserve to be critiqued. This principle impacts directly on the nature of scientific inquiry – the testing of hypotheses.
further note: are thus in fact violating the establishment clause of the constitution:
Should Intelligent Design Be Taught as Science? Michael Behe debates Stephen Barr – 2010 – video
supplemental notes:
“A Masterful Feat of Courtroom Deception”: Immunologist Donald Ewert on Dover Trial – audio
Science Owes Nothing To Darwinian Evolution – Jonathan Wells – video
The climate change cabal is clearly ahead of the evolutionists, on the curve about what needs to be done for the sake of “the truth.”
The problem boils down to how this whole “democracy thing” gives the unqualified rabble too much say-so in important matters like education and the survival of the planet:
Barb @ 1:
Yes, the 23% of teachers who “strongly agreed that evolution served as the unifying theme for their biology or life sciences courses” are the same group as the 28% in the Science report. The evolutionary establishment are clearly troubled by this low figure. If teachers are not persuaded by the relentless propaganda that evolution provides the integrating theme of biology, then it does threaten the stand made by establishment figures. The Phil Skell quote provided by bornagain77 @3 is one I often reflect on!
jstanley @ 4:
Yes – there are many similarities here. The “consensus” has been engineered and those in leadership roles have much political power (and access to funding). They do not want to lose this. Their arguments do not address the scientific critiques of their position, but are designed to make their own stance secure. They are also targetting education to ensure the next generation toes the line that humanity is responsible for global warming. (Meanwhile, the real environmental issues are neglected).
All I can say is that in nursing school we took a biology course. It was an accelerated program, designed to get as much needed knowledge into our heads as fast as possible. I loved the biology course, even think I might like to have studied biology instead. There was no mention of evolution of Darwin.Laptop already becomes the crucial device in everyone life. There are some people who say that they didn’t need a laptop. But, is it true? Yeah, because everything that we do right now always related to electronic stuff. Especially when you in school or work. So, if you say, you don’t need a laptop, I don’t believe in you 100%. So, you need to think again about it. Now, for you who want it, I will tell you the tips how to buy a laptop. Stay tuned to my website right away!
How to Buy a Laptop? See The Guide Below
Think the purpose of buying the Laptop
Laptop has many varieties of use. So, you need to think, when you buy it, what will use it for? To play a game or just for your homework, and maybe your work. You don’t need to buy a laptop that has powerful specs if you only use it for homework or any activity that won’t make your laptop lag. If you want to buy it as the gaming device, you need to consider to buy the laptop that has powerful specs because it’s really crucial. Oh yeah, for you who don’t know, you can’t force your laptop to play an HD game on the weak laptop or it will break your laptop eventually.
Budget is important
When buying electronics device, the budget is really crucial because of it quite expensive than you buy a food (LOL). Before you start looking the laptop that you want, I recommend you to save some money in it, so when you look the laptop and you like it, you can buy it immediately rather than you don’t have enough money and you only ask about the price. Think really carefully when buying a laptop, because if you just randomly buy the laptop and it feels lag, you need to upgrade the RAM again and you need to pay the extra cost for sure!
OS is really important
Right now there are two OS in a laptop. It’s Windows, Mac, and Linux. Choose the best one that you see fit. Or choose the one that you already familiar, like me I choose Windows because it’s the common OS that appeared in my country. So, if you choosing the suitable OS for you, it will be easy to navigate.
Forget the Disadvantages
Every electronic device has disadvantages. Laptop also has it. Of course, all of you already know about the battery life of laptop and this device can easily to forget especially when you going to the vacation with your laptop and you leave it somewhere else.
Test the Laptop before you buy it
There are some occasions that your new laptop will malfunction soon enough after you buy it. In order to prevent that from happening, you can test it before you purchase. It’s safer rather than you just buying it without any prior knowledge that your laptop will break down in the night you buying it.
Choose the best design that you see fit
Last but not least, think about the laptop design. Do you want to have a slim laptop plus a larger screen or you want a laptop that a small screen but you can easily take it anywhere you want. Everyone has a different taste when choosing something that’s why you must know about it for the first time you choose it.
That’s my ways how to buy a laptop. So, what do you think about it? How about you? You have a better idea about it? If so, don’t hesitate to write down in the comment section below. I think it’s enough about today article about buying a new laptop. See you all again in the chance guys!.
Welcome to Mr Rizzo London, a brand new Unisex Salon specialising in bespoke hair design and expert colour. Based in the Muswell Hill area, this amazing team offers a complete and detailed menu of your favourite hair services and treatments, covering everything from basic comb-on hair colour and beard trimming to luxuriuous balayages and fabulous highlights.
Nearest public transport:
The venue is easily reached by bus, with the closest bus stops being Muswell Hill Road (Stop L) and Fortis Green (Stop M).
The team:
The Mr Rizzo brand is inspired by Signor Aniello Rizzo who was known in his local town of Vallo Della Lucania as ‘Mister Rizzo’ a local legend, famous for his immaculate style and of course, Italian charm. The Mr Rizzo brand is reflected in the traditions, services and techniques from the Sanrizz Network.
What we like about the venue:.
K & E Hair Stylists is a salon based in Finchley, offering a wide range of services including haircuts, colouring and conditioning treatments.Quick view NEW Terra/Form Beauty SPF 50 Moisturizer $59.00 Terraform SPF Moisturizer is a lightweight blend of reef safe sunscreen actives created with consumer benefit in mind that not only helps protect from UV damage and accelerated aging but is formulated with ingredients to help calm, sooth and hydrate your... Choose Options Add to Wish list CompareWe are sharing this update from ACCA, our professional body, for the interest of clients and contacts. The content is (c) ACCA
The rules explained, plus worked examples
The existing carry-back rule – relief for trading losses can be found in section 37 Corporation Tax Act (CTA) 2010. A company incurring a trading loss in an accounting period can make a claim to offset the loss against total profits of the previous 12 months after first having set the losses against any profits of the accounting period in which the loss occurred.
Where an accounting period straddles the preceding 12-month period, the profit is apportioned and losses can only be set off against profits falling within the 12-month period.
Alternatively, a trading loss may be carried-forward and set against trading profits or set against total profits of subsequent accounting periods depending on whether the losses are pre or post 1 April 2017 trade losses.
These losses may also be subject to restriction on the amount of profits that can be offset. This is broadly that, where profits exceed £5m, only 50% of these profits are available for offset by carried-forward losses (see sections 45, 45A and 45B CTA 10). Any losses that are carried-forward from earlier periods cannot be carried back.
For companies that cease to trade and are making a terminal loss in the trade section 39 CTA10 allows unlimited carry back of trading losses of the final accounting period to set off against profits of the previous three years (provided that the company was carrying on the trade in the accounting period or period(s) which fall in that three year period).
Where an accounting period straddles the three year period, the profit is apportioned and loss can only be set off against profit falling within the three year period.
Changes for tax losses arising in accounting periods ending between 1 April 2020 and 31 March 2022
For accounting periods ending between 1 April 2020 and 31 March 2022, up to £2m of company tax losses can be carried back up to three years, with losses required to be set against profits of most recent years first before carry back to earlier years. For example, loss from Current Year (CY) to be carried back to CY-1 before CY-2 or CY-3 and to CY-2 before CY-3. Groups are subject to a group cap of £2m for each relevant period.
There is no change to the current one-year unlimited carry back of trade losses, or to the terminal loss relief: those will remain unchanged. Also, the carry forward option will still be available. For example, if a claim under the new relief is not possible because there are no profits in earlier years against which to set a loss, any unrelieved loss will remain available to set against trading profits in future tax years.
Extended loss carry-back claims must be made in a return; however, claims below a de minimis limit of £200,000 may be made outside a return. This means that any stand-alone or group company with losses capable of providing relief up to a maximum of £200,000 of losses may make a claim in respect of a relevant accounting period without having to wait to submit its company tax return.
HMRC has now provided access to a new online form to be used by companies to make de minimis claims under the new temporary extended loss carry back rules. Any stand-alone company or group company wishing to make a claim exceeding £200,000 must make the claim in their company tax return.
Example 1
Company A has a trading loss incurred in the year 31 March 2021 of £6,000,000 and profits of previous periods as follows:
- 31 March 2020 – £2,500,000
- 31 March 2019 – £750,000
- 31 March 2018 – £3,250,000.
Current rules which allow £2,500,000 of 2021 trading loss to be carried back to 2020 remain unaffected and therefore uncapped.
The legislative changes allow Company A to carry back £750,000 (limited to the profits of the period) of 2021 trading loss to 2019 and £1,250,000 (limited to unused amount of the £2m losses available for carry back) of loss to 2018.
These claims exceed the de minimis of £200,000 and must therefore be made in a return.
The remaining £1,500,000 of 2021 trade loss will be carried forward under current rules for relief under s45A and s45B CTA 2010.
Example 2
Company B has a trading loss incurred in the year 31 March 2021 of £5,000,000. Its profits/losses of the preceding years are as follows:
- 31 March 2020 – loss £2,100,000
- 31 March 2019 – profit £3,225,000
- 31 March 2018 – profit £1,175,000.
Under the current rule the loss in 2020 of £2,100,000 can be offset in full against the profit in 2019.
The legislative changes allow Company B to carry back £1,125,000 (limited to the unrelieved profits of the period) of 2021 trading loss to 2019 and £875,000 (limited to unused amount of the £2m losses available for carry back) of loss to 2018.
The remaining £3m unrelieved losses of 2021 will be carried forward for relief under s45A and s45B CTA 2010.
De minimis limit 3
Company C has a trading loss incurred in the year 31 March 2021 of £550,000. Its profits of the previous periods are:
- 31 March 2020 – £300,000
- 31 March 2019 – £175,000
- 31 March 2018 – £15,000.
Losses that can be assessed for the de minimis claim are 2021 losses (ie £550,000) less the amount that is offset against 2020 (under the old rule) ie £300,000 and the result is £250,000. Although Company C has available losses that exceed the de minimis limit, it only has capacity to use £190,000 and able to make a de minimis claim.After all of the excitement from the holidays, January can sometimes seem a tad boring, don’t you think?
Luckily for me, I have a fun getaway planned that I’ve been looking forward to all month. This weekend I’m saying “howdy” to Texas and setting sail for six glorious nights on a Disney cruise from Galveston!
This is my first cruise from Texas, and my first time visiting the Western Caribbean, so I need your help finding the best things to do.
What are the must-do adventures in Grand Cayman and Cozumel? Any recommendations for what to check out in the Galveston/Houston area? And, of course, we can’t forget the shipboard fun…what are your favorite things to do on the Disney Magic?
I’d love to hear from you before I set sail — and throughout my voyage. I’ll be tweeting from @DisneyCruise with #DCLTexas starting tomorrow. And of course next week I’ll check back in on the Disney Parks Blog with photos and details about my trip.
What’s the next getaway you’re planning?
Check out these posts for more about Disney Cruise Line’s sailings from Galveston, Texas:
- Disney Cruise Line Brings Guests from Texas to Walt Disney World Resort
- Kids Sail Free with Disney Cruise Line from Texas
- Disney Magic Saluted by Official Rodeo Drill Team of Texas
8 Comments
Sara on January 25th, 2013 at 11:07 am
In Galveston, you can visit Moody Gardens, which has aquariums and a rainforest garden. The Lone Star Flight Museum is in the same area. You can also visit the Strand, the historic district of Galveston, and the Seawall, which is the beachfront drag.
In Houston, we have tons of great museums, like the Natural Science Museum and the Museum of Fine Art. Between Houston and Galveston is the Johnson Space Center, where you can learn about the space program and visit Mission Control for the Space Station.
Hope you enjoy your visit to Texas and your cruise!
Mike on January 25th, 2013 at 2:33 pm
Cozumel has a really fun jeep tour. You walk from the port to a small beach that has a bunch of snorkel equipment, snorkel for a bit, then walk across the street and get in your jeeps. You drive yourself with a large group, convoy style, around almost the entire island of Cozumel. Stopping at a few places, beaches, tequila maker, etc. It is really a fun time.
Ramiro from TX on January 25th, 2013 at 2:37 pm
Houston is great!
Check out the Museum District for a number of art, science and historical museums all in walking distance from each other and the Houston Zoo. We have tons of amazing dining options, try Hugo’s for the best real Mexican cuisine this side of the border. On the way to Galveston from Houston, make a stop at NASA/Space Center Houston. A day in Galveston can also be spent at one of the beaches or checking out the attractions at Moody Gardens.
Randi on January 25th, 2013 at 10:44 pm
I used to live in Galveston, so I can mention a few fun things to do while you are down there. The Strand shopping area is great for fun little boutiques and some tasty treats. Moody Gardens is also a fun stop while on the island. It has three different “exhibits” that feature an aquarium, rainforest ecosystem, and another area that usually houses more museum type offerings. For a tasty lunch I would recommend a restaurant called The Spot on the Seawall. There are also several historical houses on the island that are fun to tour and offer an interesting history of the island.
Stacy on January 26th, 2013 at 9:29 am
In Galveston, definitely the Strand. There are also quite a few beautiful historic homes on Broadway…if that interests you check out Bishop’s Palace and Ashton Villa. Moody Gardens and Schlitterbahn are great family activities. Rent a bike and enjoy some time on the Seawall (with a stop at Ben & Jerry’s for a little snack LOL).
Houston’s Museum District is excellent. Aside from the zoo, science museums and art museums (which are wonderful), I’d take time to visit The Holocaust Museum (free).
Space Center Houston and Kemah are both great stops between Houston and Galveston. A stop at San Jacinto Battlefield & the USS Texas, which is moored nearby, would be on my list as well. The San Jacinto Monument is similar to the Washington Monument, but it’s actually a bit taller. Take the elevator up to the top for a good view of the battlefield, ship, and marshland.
Ryan on January 26th, 2013 at 6:13 pm
Have a blast on your cruise. It’s impossible not to enjoy a Disney Cruise. Tendering at Grand Cayman will let you get some great photos of the ship. Costa Maya is a fun little port, colorful, bright, very much like a mini theme park. Cozumel has plenty of walking, but its all worth it. Plenty of shopping, food opportunities and free wifi. Can’t wait to hear more about your cruise. It’s inspired me to look back over disneycruise and start dreaming of my next cruise!
Sharon from FL on January 27th, 2013 at 9:39 am
Love the sail away party on the Magic!!!
EVERYTHING is fun on the Magic! Have a wonderful time!
Brenda on February 20th, 2013 at 12:27 pm
Me and my family sailed on the Disney Magic last fall, We made the Cayman Turtle Farm Tour, it was a great experience touching the sea turtles. We also visited a rock formation called The Hell. We snorkeled on Costa Maya and Cozumel, and we also swam with the Dolphins. This was our first Disney Cruise and it was Magic!! Enjoy!
8 CommentsA WELSH cockle company will see its products sold worldwide following a tie up with an international seafood group.
Spanish food venture Dani is investing #1m in a new cockle production facility at Selwyn's Penclawdd Seafoods on Gower.
And the project is also being backed with an additional #500,000 in European Union Objective One funding.
The new factory facility will create 20 jobs, and safeguard the role of 40 licensed cockle pickers who supply the company.
Under the deal Dani will sell a new range of seafood products from the factory internationally under its own branding.
Selwyn's Penclawdd Seafoods was established in the 1950s.
However, its owners Brian and Alyson Jones have been
looking for sometime at investment opportunities to expand the operation.
And as part of the deal the couple will launch a new special Welsh cockle brand.
Funding from Barcelona- based Dani and the Assembly's Welsh European Funding Office, was brokered by South Wales accountancy firm Haines Watts.
Tim Clements of Haines Watts' Swansea office said, "Selwyn's Seafoods has been looking for expansion avenues for some time. We saw that there were many aspects of their business which qualified for European funding, which has played a big part in making this deal possible.
"The company now has a sound business platform on which to go forward."
Owner Mr Jones said, "The business was originally started as a true cottage industry.
"However, we will now be able to take in the raw material and take it through the process to become a final canned product which will be sold globally by Dani.
"People from all over the world will be able to enjoy Penclawdd cockles at their best."
Ernie Tusell of Dani said the investment was made based on the quality of the company's cockles.
He added, "We deal with seafood from all over the world and these were the best cockles we have seen. It is a pleasure to be working with a local company with such a proud tradition."
When operational, the new factory will also be able to process seafood from other parts of the UK.GameStop Corporation (NYSE: GME) is expected to release $1.46 / share earnings for the ongoing quarter by analysts on 25th March. The company had posted $1.27 /share earnings last year in this quarter and indicates a 15% positive annualized growth rate.
On Monday, the firm traded at $45.80 with the market cap being $3.19B. Their stock consisted of 541,135 trading volume while they have 51,122,355 average volume. Their lowest in 1 year is $2.57 while the highest is $483. Their current, quick, and leverage ratio is 1.05, 0.50, and 0.65. Their 50-day rolling average stands at $74.44 while 200-day is at $26.90.
According to their 7th December report, they had quarterly EPS earnings of $0.53 that topped the $0.85 consensus estimate by almost $0.32. They had a 5.32% net negative margin with a 33.58% negative equity return. They had $1B revenue as compared to $1.09B estimates.
Ventures Of GME Stock
Benchmark downgraded the price objective of GME shares to $5 from $6 and gave a rating of ‘sell. Telsey Advisory raised it to $33 from $22 but reduced the rating to ‘underperform’ from ‘outperform’. Zacks gave it $12 but lifted the rating to ‘hold’ from ‘sell’. Wedbush raised it to $16 from $8 and gave a rating of ‘neutral’. Standpoint Research reduced the rating to ‘hold’ from ‘buy’. The firm has an average ‘hold’ recommendation with an $11.94 price objective.
The Retirement System of State Employees of Louisiana increased their holdings on GME stock by nearly 43.4$, owning $257,000 worth of shares. Honkamp Services raised their stake by roughly 10% and own shares priced at $112,000. Cambridge Advisors upgraded their position by approximately 12.8% and own $604,000 worth of shares. Steward Advisory raised its stake by almost 150.8%, owning shares valued at $322,000.Looking for the perfect wedding venue? Come enjoy the rustic charm of Altahammond Barn. A unique venue for wedding receptions with a bridal suite and additional accommodation. With experienced in-house catering as well as luxury accommodation available at Altahammond House and Mallard Cottage your guests will enjoy the sea views and mature gardens.Abstract
The impact of psychoanalytic theory within the fields of women’s studies and feminist theory has been extensive. Perhaps we can be so bold to claim that the volume of this impact is larger than most feminists and (feminist) scholars would assume. Psychoanalysis has gone through fields of controversy, experiencing forceful ... read more rejection as well as loving embraces. The volume of psychoanalytic interpretation within contemporary feminist writing is not as rich as, for example, the seventies and eighties of last century’s theories. Psychoanalysis, however, is still used as an interpretive tool within feminist academic writing, especially in the field of feminist philosophy. Current developments show a decline in appreciation for psychoanalytic theory and practice, including therapy work with feminist psychoanalytic approaches. This development is a big concern to those who have been active in this field and have worked as psychotherapist creative therapist or as (feminist) social workers since the eighties of last century. The integration of feminist approaches and women friendly therapeutic theories was already low, even in its flourishing years in the 80s. This integration of feminist approaches and development in diversity is now, unfortunately in danger. Some writers even claim that the end of psychotherapy is nearing, which means that feminist approaches to psychoanalytic practice and knowledge will also loose their ground. In this thesis I use the approaches of feminist theorists and philosophers Rosi Braidotti and Luce Irigaray. Their approaches towards Western philosophy and the (subject) enlights the value of psychoanalysis within feminist theory. I will use their work to analyse their focus within their use of psychoanalytic theory within feminist philosophy to ground my belief in psychoanalysis as a valuable methodology within feminist theory. Philosophy and psychoanalysis have always intersected and also within feminist theory. To my opinion this corner of feminist theory, feminist philosophy and especially European feminist philosophy, still extensively uses psychoanalytic interpretations in their discourses. It is therefore that I have chosen to concentrate my eye on this corner within feminist theory, for, to my opinion, this branch of theory has had an interesting development of describing the female subject, heavily relying on psychoanalytic theory. show less- Stuart Sheldon
The Beauty of a Handwritten Letter
When did you last receive a hand written letter?
When did you last write one?
Is it a lost art?
My mother’s mother and father loved each other with an unbending intensity that started when they were handsome high school kids in Queens, New York. They never went with anyone but each other, and when he asked for her hand, my grandfather bestowed upon his beloved a simple elegant diamond solitaire which cost all his money and which she cherished and wore always. Theirs was a storybook marriage until a three-pack-a-day habit killed her at fifty two. He lived on and found happiness. But he is gone now too.
I sent them this postcard from summer camp in 1972. I was 8. Even though it’s only 37 words and my mom pre-addressed it, I can say with a safe degree of certainty that my grandparents loved getting it. My clunky boyish thoughts. Unedited and shared on this little rectangle were worth every penny of the 9-cent stamp.
I wish I could have closed the deal in tetherball, but such is life. I’m sure they understood.
There is humble triumph in a handwritten note. A boldness. Because your ideas spill from your mind in real time. Without the comfort of a DELETE key. Like cool water from a spring meandering downstream … succumbing to the unique gravity of your psyche … and drunk by a thirsty reader far away.
My 8-year-old handwriting was cramped yet fastidious. It too told a story. I opted for cursive to clarify that this was no trivial act. Flourishes on the D in Dear and the S in Stuart offer my own little postal jazz hands. BTW – schools across America are no longer teaching cursive, and it is estimated that many of our kids will NOT be able to read or write it. Yet one more step away from high-touch toward high-tech. Is that progress? I dunno.
I cannot remember the last time I received a proper letter. Thank You notes … yes. But a letter on several pages, folded in thirds … it’s been years.
Wanna make my day? Write me one. Just because. It can be one line. Or better yet, several pages. Tell me anything. I promise to write you back.
Let’s reclaim this lost art together.
Share this:
#writing #summercamp #loveStuartSheldon #children #postcard #handwritten #lostart #nature #grandparent #ALonelyFoolsMasterpiece- After a record of 109 new SPAC deals in March alone, issuance has now come to almost a standstill with just 10 SPACs in April, according to data from SPAC Research.
- The SEC issued accounting guidance that would classify SPAC warrants as liabilities instead of equity instruments.
- Bank of America's client flows showed that retail SPAC buying slowed down significantly.
- The proprietary CNBC SPAC Post Deal Index has wiped out 2021 gains and fallen more than 20% year-to-date. 10 SPACs in April, according to data from SPAC Research.
The drastic slowdown came after the Securities and Exchange Commission issued accounting guidance that would classify SPAC warrants as liabilities instead of equity instruments. If it becomes law, deals in the pipeline as well as existing SPACs would have to go back and recalculate their financials in 10-Ks and 10-Qs for the value of warrants."
SPACs raise capital in an initial public offering and use the cash to merge with a private company and take it public, usually within two years. Warrants are a deal sweetener that offers early investors more compensation for their cash.
This potential accounting rule change could be a huge blow to the SPAC market as it could take away the incentives for sponsors and operating companies to opt for this alternative IPO vehicle — low level of scrutiny and the ability to move quickly. Meanwhile, restating financials could further dent investor confidence in a market that's already highly volatile and oftentimes viewed as speculative.
"In the accounting world, that is one of the biggest challenges you can face is if you have completed work and then you have to go back and do it because it just shows poorly to the outside and evokes the level of public trust you really want," DeCandido said. "It just further scrutinizes what's already been a very misunderstood exit plan in SPACs."
To make matters worse, more than 90% of SPACs are audited by just two accounting firms over the past six years, Marcum and WithumSmith+Brown, according to SPAC Research. This could mean a significant backlog ahead as SPACs scramble to adhere to new accounting rules.
Many SPAC stocks are in a freefall amid the regulatory hit. The proprietary CNBC SPAC Post Deal Index, which is comprised of the largest SPACs that have announced a target or those that have already completed a SPAC merger within the last two years, has wiped out 2021 gains and fallen more than 20% year-to-date as of Tuesday's close.
Signs emerged that retail investors might be having second thoughts about SPACs. Bank of America's client flows showed that retail SPAC buying slowed down significantly from $120 million weekly net purchase at the beginning of the year to just single digits in April.
"Early data from April suggest that retail may be returning back to their 'traditional' roots, favoring more established companies over low-priced, speculative securities," Bank of America analysts said in a note on Mondays.
Clover Health, which merged with Chamath Palihapitiya's Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. III in January dropped more than 10% on Tuesday, pushing its 2021 losses to nearly 50%.
SPAC dMY Tech, which is taking sports betting company Genius Sports public on Wednesday under symbol GENI, plunged more than 11% Tuesday.
— With assistance from CNBC's Gina Francolla.
Enjoyed this article?
For exclusive stock picks, investment ideas and CNBC global livestream
Start your free trial now- Latest Show
- Episodes
- Bookmarks
- Interviews
- Series
- About
- Get the Podcast
- Donate
- Search
Over his lengthy broadcast career, Studs Terkel talked with people from all walks of life about their work, from firefighters, to steel workers, to labor activist Cesar Chavez. Terkel was a broadcaster, historian and author who developed a particular talent for finding the stories of ordinary people and showing us what it was like to work a day in their boots.
In the 1960s, Terkel spent years crisscrossing the country, talking with people about their working lives. In addition to their stories, he often mused on the nature of work itself.
"So many of us would not like to need the jobs we have," said Terkel, speaking on a Labor Day broadcast in 1960. "But we must get down to fundamentals. Certainly, it's a necessity that has sent so many men deep down into the bowels of the earth."
Terkel, who died in 2008, was a familiar radio voice for decades, interviewing from his studio in Chicago at WFMT. In the spirit of his legacy, we have a whole hour on how work has changed in recent history, with a few of his timeless insights sprinkled throughout. But for a deeper dive into Terkel's fascinating conversations about the nature of work, we've gathered excerpts from some of his most interesting conversations about work on this timeline.The college application process takes time and effort. Often, the process can be stressful and difficult to manage on your own. However, with The Mauler Institute’s™ individual coaching services, you don’t have to. We offer in-depth coaching packages for students in 8th through 12th grades to help you prepare for and succeed in the college application process.
Our mission is to partner with you to discover what makes you unique from the rest of your target colleges’ applicants. As your coach, Stef Mauler helps you through each step in the application process from creating your list of right-fit schools to helping you perfect your essays. Each piece of your application will highlight what you have to offer, effectively communicating what makes you unique.
Each of our coaching packages begins with an in-depth consultation to discuss your unique needs, anxieties, fears and educational goals. Your coaching package is then designed with you in mind. The initial consultation is conducted in person or via web and requires both the student and the guardian to attend.
During this time, Stef will outline expectations and the importance of commitment to form a successful partnership. Comprehensive packages are designed to align with each academic year including Middle School, Freshman, Sophomore, Junior, and Senior.
Each package differs in its offering, depending on grade level. However, each package includes superior academic review and planning, summer strategy, confidence-building activities and more. In addition to our annual packages, one-on-one consulting can be used to supplement our small group workshops and The Complete Candidate™ self-paced system.
Most students spend 17-18 years preparing for college, whether they realize it or not. Classes, tests, research papers, sports, clubs, volunteer activities, concerts, theater productions, summer programs, interests, goals, passions, obstacles and, even, personality quirks make you the young adult you are and form the unique attributes you will contribute to your future college community. At The Mauler Institute™, we begin working with students in 8th grade, when, for many, the first high school class is taken, and partner with them throughout their high school careers in preparation for college.
Whether you’re a student ready to enter high school or a Senior looking to succeed in the application process, we have a coaching package designed for you. To discover which individual coaching package is right for you, give us a call at 469-751-7122 or schedule an appointment with us today!The IBC2IBC Charity Riders Reach Amsterdam Covering 300 Miles in 18.5 Hours
One Crash, Five Punctures and 300 Miles Later
On September 3rd a team of dedicated – some may say unwise – cyclists set out to ride the 300 miles in 24 hours to the RAI in Amsterdam for the IBC Show, the premier event for broadcasters worldwide. After 18.5 hours in the saddle they made it, sore, very, very tired but elated to have been able to raise money for the Vision Charity, the TV industry charity that gives blind and visually impaired children a better chance to succeed in life.
While the riders were in the saddle for less than 19 hours, the inaugural nature of the event meant that a couple of logistical glitches saw the team arrive around three hours later than planned in Amsterdam.
The full list of riders for the one-day challenge is: Ciaran Doran – Harris Corporation, Joss Armitage – Jump PR, Chris Blakeston – Audio Network, Darren Whitehead – IBC, Karl Stone – PieroFC, Simon Tillyer – TV Bay, Matt Robbins – TV Bay, Matt Upton – Arris, Anthony Harrison – Calrec Audio Ltd and Mark Hallinger, TV Technology Europe/Asia.
There was an additional ride that split the journey and taking part in that were: Jonathan Cooper – NEC Display Solutions, Clare Bell – ASP, Nick Pannaman – JCA TV.
This cycle-sportif was founded and has been led by Ciaran Doran of Harris Corporation, a seasoned veteran of long distance cycling. He says, “Everyone involved has done a marvellous job. This was a huge physical and psychological challenge but all of us are very, very happy to have been able to contribute to the Vision Charity in this way: without that overall aim to keep us going through the colder, wetter moments we may have crumbled. I’d like to also thank all the companies that gave us their time and technology for free as well as the whole support team without whom this wouldn’t have been possible. With thanks to: LiveU, Garland Partners, MediaFreedom, ProBand, Media Kinnon Productions and Exposure.”
Over 1.5 hours of the ride was streamed live courtesy of a LiveU LU60 cellular uplink backpack unit – supplied by UK distributor Garland Parners – that used 3G connectivity to stream the images to the website. Media Freedom and ProBand’s technology and expertise was also vital in making this happen, while Media Kinnon’s editing skills will pull the highlights together for later viewing.
That support team in full: Jemma Bailey, Colin Birch, Terry Bailey, Tim Poppy, Bill Vestey, Bill Kinnon, Imbi Medri, Ed Lister (streaming live) and Adam Palfreman (motorcyclist).
Donations can still be made and are very welcome. Please donate online through the team JustGiving page:-– or text vibc11 and the amount you want to donate (up to £10) to 70070. Every penny goes to Vision Charity in support of the IBC2IBC ride.
The IBC2IBC Charity Riders Reach Amsterdam Covering 300 Miles in 18.5 Hours — No Comments
HTML tags allowed in your comment: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong>MONTREAL – When SNC-Lavalin Group Inc. chief executive Jacques Lamarre met a hot-shot engineer named Sami Bebawi for dinner in mid-1998, he was looking for someone who could help turn around the company’s money-losing construction unit after years of losses.
SNC-Lavalin looks at shedding assets, cutting stakes in strategy shakeup
Canadian engineering multinational SNC-Lavalin Group Inc. is accelerating its resource business and preparing to sell infrastructure assets as it seeks to close the door definitively on a 15 month-old corruption scandal that has rocked its foundations. It’s not there yet.
Mr. Lamarre, who now works for Montreal law firm Heenan Blaikie, thought he’d found his man. Mr. Bebawi was a smart and aggressive water specialist, and his small 25-employee firm was snatching up major Quebec contracts from its much larger rivals.
Mr. Lamarre so badly wanted Mr. Bebawi that he offered to buy his entire company and make him a member of the office of the president, a small group of the most senior executives once likened to Jesus and his apostles. It was an unprecedented offer. No outsider had ever been named directly to the office. Mr. Bebawi accepted and delivered, leaving SNC in 2006 after fixing the business and winning millions worth of new work in places such as Libya and Algeria.
Today, that apostle is being cast as Judas. Mr. Bebawi is at the centre of new allegations by police claiming he defrauded SNC-Lavalin of $23-million and then transferred those proceeds of crime into four bank accounts and six real estate properties, including homes for two of his children and a 78-unit Montreal condo project. The RCMP has successfully frozen those assets through court order.
It’s all part of a major corporate corruption case that has engulfed SNC, one of the world’s largest engineering companies, for some 18 months. Company money has gone missing and police allege it has been laundered, to the detriment of investors, in a scheme also implicating former SNC executive Riadh Ben Aissa.
Mr. Ben Aissa is in jail in Switzerland, accused of using the nation’s banking system to funnel millions worth of bribes to win contracts for SNC in North Africa while keeping a small fortune for himself. Now police allege $23-million also went to accounts accessible by Mr. Bebawi, who acted in concert with Mr. Ben Aissa.
“I have reasonable grounds to believe that the public, including shareholders of SNC-Lavalin Group Inc., was victim of a fraud,” RCMP Cpl. Alexandre Beaulieu said in an affidavit unsealed this week as part of 10 judicial orders requesting the freeze on assets belonging to Mr. Bebawi and his children.
I have reasonable grounds to believe that the public, including shareholders of SNC-Lavalin Group Inc., was victim of a fraud
According to police, a scheme was set up by Mr. Ben Aissa in which a company called Duvel Securities billed SNC for some 120-million euros ($160-million) in commercial agent consulting fees in exchange for helping SNC win dozens of major project contracts in Libya during the 2000s. In truth, Swiss and Canadian police say Mr. Ben Aissa controlled Duvel, which was nothing more than a shell company based in the British Virgin Islands, and used it to send kickback money to then-Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi’s son Saadi as well as to bank accounts controlled by Mr. Ben Aissa and Mr. Bebawi. Another shell company, Dinova, was also used for the same purpose.
Mr. Bebawi has not been charged with any crime and none of the police allegations has been tested in court. Although some of his family resides in Montreal, he now lives in the Middle East and does not want to return to Canada “if his freedom is in jeopardy,” according to the police affidavit. Scott Hutchison, Mr. Bebawi’s Toronto-based lawyer, did not respond to a request for comment Friday.
How exactly did the two executives allegedly manage to siphon off so much money? One theory is that there simply weren’t enough internal controls in place and that no one questioned the funds because North Africa was pulling in sizable contract revenue.
How exactly did the two executives allegedly manage to siphon off so much money?
In fact, according to police, there were no measures at all to ensure the funds transferred to the consultants were not being used as bribes other than the “integrity check,” a document in which someone who knows the consultant signs an attestation of certain facts including that the person has no criminal record. It was Mr. Ben Aissa himself who signed the integrity check certification for Duvel, the affidavit states.
The signatures of other SNC executives were required to approve the mandates and fees paid to Duvel and Dinova. But those executives, including current head of government affairs Michael Novak, told police they never questioned the choice of the consultants because they were based on a recommendation by Mr. Ben Aissa.
Tunisan-born Mr. Ben Aissa took over as head of the construction unit when Mr. Bebawi retired. Police say Mr. Bebawi continued to receive money from Duvel even after he was no longer with the company.
“I’m shocked. I never thought anyone who worked for me, for us, could cheat us like this,” Mr. Lamarre said in an interview Friday, adding he does not believe there are other executives remaining to be identified who took part in the alleged wrongdoing.
“We were had. [As executives], we had a trust established between us. And we were had.”
SNC shares fell 1% to $40.79 in trading Friday on the Toronto Stock Exchange. They’ve dropped 18% since hitting a 52-week high of $49.85 on Feb. 12.Prev
C++ VC ATL STL Concurrency Experts Index
Headers
Your browser does not support iframes.
Re: Deriving from concrete types
From:
"Andrei Alexandrescu (See Website For Email)" <SeeWebsiteForEmail@erdani.org>
Newsgroups:
comp.lang.c++.moderated
Date:
28 Jun 2006 06:37:41 -0400
Message-ID:
<44A160DD.4040000@erdani.org>
Alan McKenney wrote:
However, one of C++'s strengths is that it supports
multiple paradigms. And one real non-OOD use of
derivation is code re-use, where there is no expectation
of polymorphic use.
The OP's example is, to my mind, a perfect example
of derivation for code re-use: a new class which is
similar to an existing class.
I disagree. It's more like the perfect example of a misapplication of a
feature. I'm surprised nobody mentioned the problems of this approach.
If somebody wants a new class that is similar to an existing class, they
simply add functions taking an object of that class as an argument. That
way, all code that *already* manipulates objects of the existing class
has presto access to the newly-defined functionality without any change
to the existing code - no changes of local variables' types, no changes
to members' types, no changes to function signatures. This is the
baseline against which you want to compare the public inheritance approach.
Now: If, on the other hand, somebody defines cool_vector<T> to inherit
vector<T>, they'll face two problems. One is that, in order to banefit
of the newly-added functionality, they'll have to change an unbounded
amount of the existing code. For example, if you had a function:
void Fun(const vector<T> & v);
now if you wanted Fun to use cool_vector<T>'s functionality, you need to
either (a) change the signature and the code around Foo's call sites,
(b) construct a cool_vector from the vector inside Foo, or (c) cast v to
cool_vector<T>&. The first option is impractical, the second
inefficient, and the third incorrect.
The second problem is that whatever extra invariants the derived class
would like to hold (either about the vector itself or between the vector
and whatever extra member variables cool_vector might hold), that won't
be possible. Vector<T> doesn't have any virtual functions, so anybody
extracting the vector<T> & from a cool_vector<T> can use it in any way a
vector<T> could be used.
With these considerations in mind, if you want to add new functionality
to an existing class, you add it as free functions if no add of state is
neededed, or via private inheritantce if you need to add state and
maintain some invariant involving the base class and the extra state. If
you just want to add unsynchronized state, make that a separate class or
use pair.
Public inheritance for symbol injection is usable in many template
programming scenarios, the simplest being std::*_function.
By using public inheritance, the new class definition
contains only those things which distinguish it from
the existing class, thus making it clear to anyone
who reads it what is going on.
I have no doubt reading the new class should be easy enough. But many
simple things have messy implications. In this case, they are: extensive
and gratuitous changes to existing code, and inability to maintain
invariants for the new class.
(Yes, you can use private inheritance, but then
you have to put in a "using" declaration for every
base class function and operator.
Free functions are the baseline you may want to compare other approaches
against.
Andrei
[ See for info about ]
[ comp.lang.c++.moderated. First time posters: Do this! ]
Generated by PreciseInfo ™
"The full history of the interlocking participation of the
Imperial German Government and international finance in the
destruction of the Russian Empire is not yet written...
It is not a mere coincidence that at the notorious meeting held at
Stockholm in 1916, between the former Russian Minister of the
Interior, Protopopoff, and the German Agents, the German Foreign
Office was represented by Mr. Warburg, whose two brothers were
members of the international banking firm, Kuhn, Loeb and
Company, of which the late Mr. Jacob Schiff was a senior member."
(The World at the Cross Roads, by Boris Brasol, pp. 70-71;
Rulers of Russia, Rev. Denis Fahey, p. 7)Wanting Sexy Chat Crossdressing chat lines
I Ready For Sex Contacts
Feminisation Phone Sex. Dial This costs 36p per minute plus accesss charge Want a playmate to dress you up like a girl, strip you off and put tights on you, make you ware a bra and a little skirt. She'll make you ware a wig and put on makeup and lipstick so chta can be a pretty girl for her. This phone line is the place to explore your sissy, cross dressing fantasies. Let a phone sex mistress dominate you and dress you up like a woman.
Views: 2194
Transgender chat | renee reyes
Feminisation Phone Sex. There's something very erotic and refreshing about the role reversal for a lot of guys.
Go back to Arizona Crossdressing Also Featuring: Arizona crosdressing chatroom, Arizona crossdressing chat, Arizona crossdresing chat, Arizona crosdresing chat, Arizona crossdressin chat Copyright Arizona Crossdressing Do you like the feel of tights against your legs? You can talk these fantasies over and play them out over the phone and see where it goes.
Phone our live chat line right now and talk to girls that would love to dress you up. They'll have partial make up on, one leg in some tights and a bra liens when she starts to get too horny to carry on.
Iowa crossdresser chat, hundreds of crossdressers are waiting to chat with you
Discovering the chat places on the Web to get crossdressing with them can be difficult but now we have done all the difficult work for you. She can even use a strap on and treat you like a little slut if crowsdressing like. This phone line is the line to explore your sissy, cross dressing fantasies.
We may send free promotional SMS. After the initial shock of it, most of Maries playmates end up getting really horny when they start playing dress up. Send STOP to to opt out.
Fast track membership
All rights reserved. She'll make you ware a wig and put on makeup and lipstick so you can be a pretty girl for her. Its party about how hesitant and uncomfortable they are at first, she crossdressing that its sometimes good to strip them of a bit of that cockiness that some guys have, especially when they think they've pulled a fit bitch like Marie, but even the most confident of men end up doing linex they are told and that is the biggest turn on crossdrsesing Marie.
Want to get humiliated as you get forced to chat lipstick.
MP's, Bank Managers, celebrates You may think you're alone with this sort of fetish, but everyone's doing it. Most of her men think they have got lucky, but they don't expect to be forced to ware tights, panties and a bra while Marie fingers their ass holes and orders them to take it like a bitch.
Just call the line right now, we've always got fhat to take your call who knows exactly what you need. Let a phone sex mistress dominate you and dress you up like a woman.
Get dressed up like a little slut! She'll usually end up sucking and fucking her prey before she's had a chance to fully dress them up. If you like the idea, but you are a little hesitant, this is a great place to start.
Well that chat that you'll love being made a sissy by our kinky crossdressing. One guy got so hard, it poked through the tights Marie, like so many other girls into this sort of fetish is a freak, she starts to get wet and horny when she dresses a guy up. Customer Careline: Dial This costs 36p per minute plus accesss charge Want a playmate to dress you up like lijes girl, strip you off and put tights on you, line you ware a bra and a little skirt.Toilet roll sari competition, dandiya raas dancing and a lot of laughter; you maybe thinking I was making this up but honestly I’m not.
She had family visiting from as far as Australia to be a part of the wedding festivities, So you can imagine how important the event was. There was so much fun and games I witnessed whilst documenting Karthiga’s mehndi night, creating a visual feast with all family members from different generations all participating in unity. With a night was filled with so much colour, comedy and decisive moments. I was truly in my creative element.
I’ve worked with Karthiga before on the bridal shoot so it was a pleasure to document for her again.
The stunning decor was done by Niru Venkat Floral Designs.
Once again thank you for visiting Kabilan Raviraj Photography, Don’t forget to become a fan.
Again your layering is brilliant.Managing COVID-19 at home
19-minute read
If you have severe difficulty breathing, call triple zero (000) immediately and tell the call handler and the paramedics on arrival if you have COVID-19.
CHECK YOUR SYMPTOMS — Use the COVID-19 Symptom Checker to find out if you need to seek medical help.
What happens if I test positive for COVID-19?
If you test positive for COVID-19, you must self-isolate at home. Your local public health service will contact you with advice about how long you will need to do so.
Most people with COVID-19 will not need to go to a clinic or hospital and can safely self-manage the illness at home.
However, it is important to remain in touch with an appropriate healthcare service. You should contact your GP or a dedicated COVID-19 service for an initial assessment and continued care throughout your illness.
Your initial assessment may be over the phone or by video. If you need to attend a medical centre in person:
- Contact the medical centre before attending to inform them that you are a confirmed COVID-19 case. You may request a telehealth consultation if they provide this service.
- Otherwise, take a private vehicle or walk if practical. You should not take public transport, taxis or ride-share cars.
- Wear a face mask while travelling and in the practice. Others in the vehicle should also wear a face mask.
- From your arrival at the practice, wear a mask at all times, notify reception and report directly to staff that you are a confirmed COVID-19 case. Then, follow instructions from staff.
If your symptoms worsen, contact your healthcare provider.
How do I isolate when I have COVID-19?
Self-isolation means you must stay at your home or accommodation and remain separated from others. You can’t leave your house or accommodation, unless for medical care or a permitted purpose. This is usually for 14 days.
If you are in isolation, you shouldn’t go out in public. You shouldn’t go to work, school, childcare or university. Don’t travel on public transport or in taxis or ride-share services.
Only people who usually live with you should be in your home. Do not allow visitors into your home unless it is absolutely necessary or they are providing medical or personal care.
You should only self-isolate in your home if you are able to separate yourself from the other members of your household as much as possible. This includes staying in a separate, well-ventilated room, sleeping alone and using a separate bathroom if one is available.
If you can't isolate in a separate room, avoid shared spaces in the house, such as the kitchen, as much as possible. Wear a mask when moving through shared areas.
You should consider different accommodation for the duration of your 14-day isolation if you cannot do this.
You will be provided with information on how to properly self-isolate at home.
What if I live in an apartment building?
If you have to self-isolate and you live in an apartment building, you will need to follow extra steps to protect other building residents from COVID-19.
- You must remain inside your own unit. You should not use any shared or common facilities, such as the laundry room, gym, pool or outdoor areas.
- Wash your clothes inside your own unit.
- Ask a neighbour or contact your building manager about collecting your rubbish. Leave the rubbish outside your door, return inside your unit and close your door.
- If you are receiving deliveries, including food, at your home, ask for them to be left outside your door. Do not open the door to pick up the delivery until the corridor is empty.
Can I isolate at a hotel or other accommodation?
You should spend your self-isolation period at the place you are staying. This may be your home, a hotel, motel or other form of accommodation. You must be able to safely stay there and separate yourself from any other people.
If you are in a hotel you must stay in your room. You should avoid contact with other guests and staff, but you can go onto your private balcony.
You may at any time be told to self-isolate in different accommodation by an authorised health officer if they determine you cannot safely isolate at home. This accommodation might be a quarantine facility, hospital or other medical facility.
Do I need to notify my close contacts?
Make sure everyone who is staying at your house knows that you have tested positive for COVID-19. All your household members are considered close contacts.
Tell your work manager or the relevant person at your education facility that you have tested positive for COVID-19. Give them the date of your test; when you got sick if you had symptoms; and the days you were at work or the education facility in the two-day period before you got sick, or 2 days before your test if you have no symptoms.
You should also tell anyone whom you spent 15 minutes or more with in an indoor environment without a mask either:
- from 2 days before you got sick until the present; or
- if you had no symptoms, from 2 days before your test until the present
This, for example, may include friends you had dinner with in a restaurant or family who visited your home.
Tell them to get a COVID-19 test immediately, to return home and to follow the advice from their state or territory Health Department.
Authorised contact tracers will be in touch with your close contacts to tell them what they need to do.
How should I prepare my home for if a family member or housemate gets COVID-19?
The person with COVID-19 should have a separate, well-ventilated room where they can sleep alone. They should have access to a separate bathroom if it’s available. If they can’t isolate in a separate room, they should avoid sharing spaces — such as the kitchen — as much as possible.
Shared spaces should have good air flow, such as through an air conditioner or open windows.
Stock up on masks because all household members will need to wear one when moving through shared areas, and when in the same room as the person with COVID-19.
You’ll need cleaning products, including detergent and disinfectant, and disposable gloves, to wipe down frequently-touched surfaces often — especially door handles, light switches, phones and tablets, toilets, taps and sinks.
Buy a disinfectant whose label says it’s hospital-grade and that it kills viruses. You can also use a chlorine-based product such as bleach.
Throughout your home provide easy access to tissues, lined bins and soap or alcohol-based hand sanitiser.
You shouldn’t share dishes, cups, cutlery, towels, bedding or other items with the person with COVID-19, so consider labelling them. After use, wash them thoroughly using the hottest possible setting.
How do I care for someone with COVID-19 in my home?
If you are looking after someone in your home there are things you can do to keep yourself, your household and the person with COVID-19 well.
Home care includes wearing a single-use surgical mask and disposable gloves when you are in the person’s room, keeping vulnerable people away from the sick person and ensuring everyone has continued access to medical care.
Learn more about caring for the members of your household.
What do I do if my child gets COVID-19?
Children with COVID-19 will often have similar symptoms to other viral infections — such as fever, runny nose, sore throat, cough, vomiting, diarrhoea and lethargy.
A small number may develop other symptoms such as tummy or chest pain, headache, body aches, breathing difficulties or loss of taste or smell. Up to half of the children who get COVID-19 may have no symptoms at all.
There is a small risk of severe disease from COVID-19 in children but this is very rare, even in children who have medical vulnerabilities.
If their symptoms are mild, most children who get COVID-19 can be cared for at home. Parents and carers should use the same general guidelines that they would for other viral infections:
- Children should be dressed in comfortable clothing, to prevent any sweating or shivering.
- Make sure they drink lots of fluids.
- Children can also take paracetamol or ibuprofen if they’re uncomfortable because of the pain or fever.
Warning signs to look out for include:
- prolonged fever (for more than 5 days)
- difficulty breathing or chest pain
- severe abdominal pain, vomiting and/or diarrhoea
- if they’re drinking less or passing less than half the amount of urine they usually would
- if they’re excessively sleepy or irritable
In case of these or other serious concerns, parents and carers should seek urgent advice from their care team. In an emergency, they should request ambulance assistance and tell the operator the child has COVID-19.
Learn here how to reduce the risk of spread to other household members.
How will my health be monitored at home?
If you’re able to manage your COVID-19 at home, healthcare professionals will form a management plan to ensure your own and your household members’ safety.
The management plan will detail:
- when you first started showing symptoms and what your current symptoms are
- any risk factors you may have
- how often a healthcare provider will contact you
- how to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in your home
- how the disease progresses and what you might expect in the second week of infection
- what to look out for if your symptoms get worse and what to do
Your healthcare provider will check on you on a regular basis, either in person or via a telehealth call. It might be daily or every 2 to 3 days, depending on your illness.
If you’re at a higher risk of complications from COVID-19, your healthcare provider may consider giving you a pulse-oximeter so you can monitor your oxygen saturation levels.
Most people with COVID-19 will only have a mild illness and will usually recover 2 to 3 weeks after their symptoms began. However, if your symptoms do worsen, you, your household members or your caregivers should ring your GP for advice. If you can’t reach your GP straight away, call triple zero (000) for an ambulance and tell the ambulance staff that you have COVID-19.
How is COVID-19 treated and how do I relieve my symptoms?
Adults with a mild case of COVID-19 can treat their symptoms in a similar way to how they treat a seasonal flu. That is, rest at home and take paracetamol or ibuprofen if needed. Adults with moderate to severe COVID-19 symptoms may need to be treated in hospital with corticosteroids, antivirals, and other drugs depending on how severe their symptoms are.
Try to get plenty of rest, drink lots of fluids and eat a healthy diet.
If you are a confirmed or suspected case of COVID-19, record your symptoms and discuss these with your GP during your consultations.
What kinds of medication might I be given for COVID-19?
The Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA) has approved the following medicines for the treatment of COVID-19 in Australia:
- Remdesivir
- Sotrovimab
- Ronapreve (casirivimab + imdevimab)
Medicines such as antibiotics, ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine are not effective against the coronavirus that causes COVID-19 and are not approved for the treatment of COVID-19 in Australia.
Learn more here about COVID-19 medications.
How much will my COVID-19 treatment cost?
If you have a Medicare card, you can access a range of healthcare services at a lower cost or with no out-of-pocket expenses, including medical services from doctors, specialists and other health professionals; hospital treatment; and prescription medicines.
If you have treatment as a public patient at a public hospital, you do not pay anything for the medical services provided. Services Australia has information on who is eligible for Medicare and how to enrol.
Costs for many private treatments are also fully covered by Medicare and private health insurers. However, you may have to pay out-of-pocket costs if you have medical treatment as a private patient in a private or public hospital.
If you get tested for COVID-19 at a public health facility, mobile testing centre or GP medical practice that offers bulk billing, you won't have to pay for the test. You might have to pay to see your GP if they don't offer bulk billing, but the test itself is free.
If your health deteriorates and you need an ambulance to get to hospital, you may have to pay a fee — it depends on which state you’re in and whether you have private health insurance.
- In Tasmania and Queensland, ambulance services are generally free to state residents.
- In NSW, if you need treatment and/or transport related to COVID-19 — including if you have had an adverse reaction to a vaccine — you will be exempt from paying the invoice.
- In Victoria, ‘special consideration’ is given if you need an ambulance service because you are a COVID-19-positive patient. If this applies to you, you should contact Ambulance Victoria online or on 1800 990 029.
- In other states and territories, you will usually be charged for ambulance services.
How do I know if my COVID-19 is getting more severe and I need medical help?
You should contact your GP if the symptoms worsen. If your GP isn’t immediately available, call triple zero (000) and let the operator know that you, or the person you’re calling about, has COVID-19.
Look out for severe symptoms, particularly:
- severe headaches or dizziness
- shortness of breath or difficulty breathing
- chest pressure or pain
- blue lips or face
- cold and clammy or pale and mottled skin
- confusion or fainting
- unresponsiveness
- urinating (weeing) less or not at all
- coughing up blood
If you have severe symptoms, call triple zero (000) straight away. Tell the ambulance staff you’ve been diagnosed with COVID-19.
If you attend the emergency department (ED), contact them before attending to inform them that you’re a confirmed COVID-19 case. Wear a surgical mask at all times and report directly to staff that you’re a confirmed COVID-19 case.
If you’re not sure what to do, use the healthdirect Symptom Checker.
CHECK YOUR SYMPTOMS — Use the COVID-19 Symptom Checker to find out if you need to seek medical help.
How long does COVID-19 last? When will I recover?
The infectious period varies from person to person. Most people with COVID-19 will have a mild illness and recover within 2 to 3 weeks of their symptoms starting. with mild illness are not considered infectious 10 days after their symptoms started or from 72 hours after the symptoms stopped (whichever is later). At this point, transmission of the virus is unlikely and the person is considered to be recovered.
They might, however, still return a positive COVID-19 test. This is because people with COVID-19 have infected cells in their body that release the virus into the environment through breathing, sneezing or coughing, or through their faeces and urine. This is called ‘viral shedding’.
After recovering from COVID-19, some people can have non-infectious fragments of the virus left in their bodies for some time. This may lead to a weak positive COVID-19 test and prompt further testing to confirm the person is no longer infectious.
When can someone with a mild COVID-19 illness stop isolating?
Your area public health unit will advise you when you are medically clear to end isolation and return to normal activities. You need to continue to follow any restrictions in your state or territory. You must also continue to observe physical distancing rules and good hygiene practices.
If you are issued with a medical clearance notice, it’s important that you keep it in case you need to show it to a health or other authority.
- Generally, if you had COVID-19 but no symptoms (you were asymptomatic) you can stop isolating 14 days after your first positive COVID-19 test — if no symptoms have developed since the test.
- Generally, if your fever and acute respiratory symptoms have cleared up, you can stop isolating 14 days after your symptoms first appeared and if your respiratory symptoms have significantly improved in the past 72 hours.
- Generally, if your fever and acute respiratory symptoms have not cleared up completely, you can stop isolating when at least 20 days have passed since the symptoms first appeared — and if your immune system isn’t significantly compromised.
The doctor who has been treating you should decide whether your COVID-19 symptoms have cleared up.
People who have recovered from COVID-19 have a low risk of getting it again in the 6 months after infection since most people develop some ability — known as immunity — to fight off the disease.
However, if you become unwell and have any cold or flu-like symptoms after you are released from isolation, return home and contact your doctor. They may ask you to have a COVID-19 test.
Can I get my medicines delivered to me at home?
If you’re isolating at home on medical advice — or if you’re an older or other vulnerable Australian — you may be able to have Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme and Repatriation Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme medicines delivered to you at home.
The Australian Government’s temporary Home Medicines Service will operate until 31 December 2021. Eligible people can use this delivery service once a month.
Your local pharmacy can explain how to use the service so you can safely obtain your medicines without leaving home.
FIND A HEALTH SERVICE — The Service Finder can help you find doctors, pharmacies, hospitals and other health services.
How can I get food and essential supplies?
Consider asking friends, family members or neighbours — who don’t live with you and who aren’t self-isolating — to obtain food or essential supplies for you. They should drop these items at your door but shouldn’t come into your accommodation.
You may also be able to order your groceries and other items online. The major supermarkets have increased their capacity for home deliveries and you can order take-away food from restaurants that use a home-delivery service.
To search for local emergency relief and food relief providers, go to the Department of Social Service Grants Service Directory: serviceproviders.dss.gov.au. For 'Service type', select, 'Financial Crisis and Material Aid ‐ Emergency Relief' or 'Financial Crisis and Material Aid - Food Relief'.
I feel very depressed and anxious because of COVID-19. Can you help me?
Feelings of anxiety, distress and concern are normal — there are several steps you can take to look after your mental health.
Learn more here about managing your mental health and who you can reach out to for help.
Do I need a medical certificate or negative test result to return to work after self-isolating?
You don't need a medical certificate and your employer should not ask you to be tested for COVID-19 in order to return to work.
Your public health unit will advise you when you’re clear to end isolation and return to normal activities. You need to continue to follow any restrictions that apply to the community in your state or territory.
Specific criteria apply to healthcare workers and aged care workers. Since the criteria may change, before they return to work these workers should check with a medical practitioner or the public health authority whether they meet the requirements for clearance to leave isolation.
What is ‘long COVID’?
Also called ‘post COVID-19 condition’ by the World Health Organization, this refers to when a person continues to have COVID-19 symptoms for months after their diagnosis.
Post COVID-19 condition can occur in adults with a history of COVID-19, usually 3 months from the start of their COVID-19 symptoms, with symptoms that last for at least 3 to 9 months and which can’t be explained with a different diagnosis.
Even people who had a mild COVID-19 infection and weren’t hospitalised can still have long COVID.
Common signs and symptoms that can continue after a person first becomes infected may include:
- tiredness
- difficulty breathing
- a persistent cough
- chest pain
- joint pain
- not enough energy to exercise
- fever
- headaches
- depression or anxiety
- problems with memory and difficulty thinking clearly (sometimes referred to as ‘brain fog’)
Symptoms may appear after a person’s initial recovery from COVID-19 or persist from the initial illness. Symptoms may also change from time to time or go away and reappear.
There is no specific treatment for this condition. Any person who develops post COVID-19 condition should seek care.
Where can I find information about how COVID-19 is managed in my state or territory?
For more information on what to do if you have COVID-19, visit your state or territory website:
- ACT — What to do if you have COVID-19
- NSW — What to do if you have COVID-19
- Northern Territory — COVID-19 testing
- Queensland — What to do if you have COVID-19
- South Australia — What to do if you have COVID-19
- Tasmania — COVID-19 testing
- Victoria — What to do if you have COVID-19
- Western Australia — COVID-19 testing
Looking for more information?
Visit healthdirect's COVID-19 information hub for more answers to questions about the coronavirus, including vaccinations and restrictions.: November 2021SERVICES
Powertrain / CalibrationPremcar engineers have delivered exciting engines to the world’s leading automotive companies. From a CNG/Direct Injection Gasoline bi-fuel 4 cylinder engine to a Supercharged V8 Muscle Car engine, Premcar has the capability to deliver a full powertrain program.
> Benchmarking & Target Setting
> Engine Design
> Performance Enhancements
> Alternative Fuels
> Electric Vehicles
> Powertrain Calibration
ChassisPremcar engineers are trusted to deliver a vehicle chassis of the highest quality. Over the last 20 years, Premcar engineers have honed their skills, designing and tuning chassis systems for the world’s leading OEMs.
> Benchmarking & Target Setting
> Hard Point Setting
> Suspension Design
> Chassis Tuning
> Objective Measurement
> Wheel & Tyre Design and Development
> Brake System Design and Development
BODY & TRIMThe experienced body and trim team at Premcar has the ability to create exciting body and trim designs, tailored to vehicle manufacturers targets. This includes designing for low volumes as well as mass production. Premcar engineers’ skills spread across the whole development program, from concept through to production and after sales support.
> Concept Design
> Exterior
> Interior
> Closures
> Composites / Plastics / Acrylics / Metals
> Design solutions for injection moulding, blow moulding, vacuum forming, RRIM, SMC and carbon fibre
Virtual EngineeringPremcar has invested in the latest software, hardware and skills development to ensure that it’s engineers have the tools available to meet aggressive program targets.
> Computer Aided Design
> CATIA V5
> Data Management
> Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD)
> Finite Element Analysis (FEA)
NVHConsumers demand refinement from their new vehicle, whether it is at the entry level or at the upper end of the market. Premcar have proven history of getting fundamental design right, and tuning to minimise noise, vibration and harshness transmission to the vehicle occupants and the environment.
> Powertrain
> Vehicle / Body
> Chassis
Facilities & EquipmentTo deliver a world class product development program, it is critical to have the right tools and equipment. Premcar has the facilities to deliver the “full package” for a vehicle development program.
> Full Measurement Capability
> Clean Build Rooms
> Prototype Vehicle Build Workshop
> Fabrication Workshop including Composite Component Manufacture
> Engine Test Facility
> Component Test Rigs
> 3D Printing and Scanning45°
Latest Weather Blog
LSU fans in Mississippi betting on the Tigers
Natchez - Natchez, Mississippi is 92 miles from Baton Rouge and 286 miles from Tuscaloosa, but it's where all the action is if you want to bet on the LSU-Alabama game.
Fans flocked the Magnolia Bluffs Casino hoping to cash in for the big game. With sports betting legal in Mississippi, the casino is drawing fans from both sides.
"I'm betting the over," said LSU fan Jerry Beatty, "Because neither defense is that good this year. I think it's going to be 30-something, 30-something. Both offenses are going to be running up and down the field."
Trending News
Officials say the casino will be packed with football fans before 11:30 A.M. with fans ready to put their money where their mouthIt’s back to school and that means school buses will be back on the roads. With the safety of children at the top of parent’s minds, bus drivers are reminding kids and other drivers how to make this year as safe as possible.
Mel Gillus is a Dattco school bus driver in Windsor. Back to school means back to his daily routine. He is making sure his bus is in working order, checking the mirrors and checking everything off his list, to be sure his bus is safe. Before the start of school, drivers such as Mel practiced their routes to get ready for their favorite part of the job.
“My favorite thing about being a bus driver is the kids,” said Gillus.
After 21 years as a Connecticut State Trooper, Gillus said parents can be confident their kids are in good hands.
Local
“I got the kids, don't worry about them, the kids are going to get there safe,” said Gillus.
The Department of Transportation said 330,000 children are transported to and from school in Connecticut on a bus every day. School bus drivers are here to teach kids about school bus safety and the emergency exits on the vehicle. However, there is still a lot parents can do before the first day of school.
Parents should help kids get to the bus stop early, tell them to keep their voices down and always stay seated while riding the bus.
“The most important thing is to stay seated when the bus is moving. That is the absolute most important thing,” said Gillus.
Safety before and after the bus ride is also crucial. Bus drivers said children should stay on the sidewalks and wait for the bus to come to a complete stop. Once the doors open, children should wait for the bus driver to wave them on and then double check that no traffic is coming before boarding the vehicle.
While kids need to do their part, other drivers need to help out too.
“I want the drivers to be aware the kids are going to be standing out there and that these buses will be making stops,” said Gillus.
He said drivers need to pay attention. When people see a school bus, they should know that a child could be on a sidewalk nearby. Drivers should always obey the red flashing lights and stop sign on a bus. If drivers pass the bus while it is picking up students, bus drivers will take down their license plate number and report it to the DMV.
Connecticut laws say that drivers are required to stop at least ten feet from the front or rear of a school bus when it is displaying its flashing red lights. A first offense will cost a driver a $450 fine. Any subsequent offenses will cost drivers a fine of $500 to $1,000 and up to 30 days in jail, or both.
Often times, bus drivers say it is the traffic around their vehicle that concerns them the most.
“I have seen a lot of bad crashes and I know what can happen when people are not paying attention to what is going on, on the road,” said Gillus. “But it always comes back to safety, safety, safety.”
At the end of the day, these buses are carrying our most precious cargo and safety should be something we all strive for.CLT MAT
Providing a Lightweight Solution for Access
Construction crews often need to work in challenging terrain and ecologically sensitive areas. In many such situations, mats and temporary roadways constructed of heavy hardwood timbers are the answer. However, not every job site calls for such robust solutions. In these instances, contractors can accomplish just as much and save a lot of money with cross-laminated timber (CLT) access mats. As the most lightweight mat in the market, YAK MAT’s CLT mat weighs two-thirds less than a standard hardwood timber mat. This provides a significant reduction in freight charges. This new technology is twice as strong and five times stiffer but is not ideal for all needs. Talk to one of our access solutions experts about this new technology and whether or not it fits your project.
When Should You Use CLT Mats?
These lightweight construction mats provide several advantages over heavier alternatives. These include:
- Ideal for flat surfaces
- Light weight reduces transportation costs
- Various sizes up to 16′
These features make cross-laminated timber mats a good choice for areas with relatively level terrain. Though because they have a tendency to float on mud and water, they typically are not recommended for use in swamps or wetlands. Their unique fabrication also means they cannot be repaired in the field, only replaced. Yet their weight-bearing capabilities are such that there are even CLT crane mats and CLT rig mats, so consider using these even for heavy-duty projects.
Why Choose YAK MAT?
With more than 40 years of experience, we are your best option for sourcing lightweight construction mats or any other access solutions you require. No matter the application, our products are manufactured to the highest standards of quality.
In addition, we are the only supplier of temporary roadways and access mats that has a nationwide presence. With production facilities located across the country, we are close to virtually every construction project in the United States. Because shipping is the largest portion of the cost of these solutions, this can save our customers a significant amount of money.
We have an inventory of more than 1 million products ready to go at any given moment. Whether you’re looking for cross-laminated timber mats or something hardier, we can deliver it for you. Reach out to us today to learn more about what we have to offer or to place your order.Potentiality in Agamben
PDF, 16 Seiten
Giorgio Agamben’s Homo Sacer (published in the Italian original in 19951) can be read as a further elaboration of a thought he first expressed in a paper given in Lisbon in 1986 but published four years after Homo Sacer under the title “On Potentiality.” Perhaps the best summary of its impact will not be found in a technical elaboration relating the various meanings of “dynamis” or “adynamis” that the text finds in Aristotle’s writings, but in a rather startling proposition that can be found in its opening paragraphs and that might be summarized under the heading: “The ‘I can’ that accompanies none of my representations – or actions.” The talk opens with an account of how Anna Akhmatova used to visit the Stalinist prisons for months waiting outside with others during the period that lead up to the time she published the collection of poems called Requiem. Everyone waiting was in the same position, having experienced the disappearance or arrest of a relative, a neighbor or a friend and not knowing what exactly was happening or why it was happening. Asked by a woman waiting with her at the gates of this inexplicable and violent and sovereign Law if she could “speak of this,” Akhmatova answered, pausing, “Yes I can.” Agamben sums up this reference, which opens his early pre-Homo Sacer discussion of potentiality with the following sentence: “Beyond all faculties, this ‘I can’ does not mean anything – yet it marks what is, for each of us, perhaps the hardest and bitterest experience possible: the experience of potentiality.”2
It is a startling proposition because the language of “potential,” “potentially,” “having potential” or “faculty,” or, more scientifically, the “potency” of a number or a chemical agent – not to speak of sexual potency – are all terms that portray positive, or minimally neutral and expectant states of affairs: those which can become or will become actualized precisely as they are now “potentially.” Agamben makes the claim that this understanding goes back and “appears for the first time” in Aristotle and that from this ‘sending,’ as one might call it with regard to the Heideggerian heritage within Agamben’s thought, “the vocabulary of potentiality” has “penetrated so deeply into us” that we cannot even pose the problem of its historicity or question the point of its appearance.3 I will only point out in passing that the language – perhaps not without a link to the topic at hand – might, for psychoanalytically sensitive ears, betray a certain phantasm: that of the Imaginary Father, who “penetrates us all.” A power so forceful that it makes unthinkable any problem or conception outside of it, of anything that might not already be in some ways a product of, or in the gaze of this violent power and unpredictable force. The “I can” and Agamben’s “potentiality” set out to think this unthinkable. As Agamben will say in Homo Sacer, we can call this force sovereignty even before splitting it up into what to him – following Walter Benjamin – are its elements, i.e. a “constitutive” and a “constituted” force or power. Importantly the “I can,” of which Agamben says it might be the “hardest and bitterest experience possible,” emerges precisely here, as the example of Akhmatova amply demonstrates. It emerges in a situation, which, in the language of another book by the same author, can be called a “state of exception.” This, we might recall, is a state in which the two elements of sovereignty located by Agamben in State of Exception in the Roman law, the notions of “potestas” and “auctoritas,” have become indistinguishable. The private power of the paternalistic “auctoritas” becomes conflated – according to Agamben in the figure of Caesar Augustus – with the public power of magisterial “potestas”; that is, the anomic state of the private and the normative sphere of the state are united in such a way that the normative becomes a “nomos empushkos,”4 a living law in the body of the emperor.5 Thus it can be explained, the argument goes, that the term “iustitium,” originally a call for a kind of state of exception when a “tumultus” – i.e., an invasion, a public upraising, etc. – had befallen the state, became the term to designate a death in the family, most importantly the death of the body of the law, the emperor. But what interests us here most is the conflation of the two aspects of sovereignty and its effects: “But when they [auctoritas and potestas, F.E.] tend to coincide in a single person, when the state of exception, in which they are bound and blurred together, becomes the rule, then the juridico-political system transforms itself into a killing machine.”6
However, even when the aspects or elements of power become indistinguishable, this does not eradicate the fact that “sovereignty is always double because Being, as potentiality, suspends itself, maintaining itself in a relation of ban (or abandonment) with itself in order to realize itself as absolute actuality (which thus presupposes nothing other than its own potentiality).”7
Before going further into the analysis of the last of these couplets, or rather, its own exception, we can hold fast to the fact that what is established here is a parallelism between the Roman legal distinctions and the Greek philosophical ones, that is, that the distinction (and its collapse) between “auctoritas” and “potestas” is related – by sovereignty – to the logical and ontological distinction between “dynamis” and “energeia.” While realizing this, we can bear in mind that this parallelism of Greek ontology and Roman legal thought has (joined by Abrahamic monotheism) another long history related to the question of sovereignty, namely that of the medieval distinction between the potentia (dei) absoluta and the potentia (dei) ordinata. This is not the place to elaborate on this relation further; I mention it only because of its relation to the history of the absolute and, in turn, its relation to the Kantian “transcendental apperception” as the ground of all experience, and to the version of the absolute which subjectivity becomes in German post-Kantian Idealism as both the guarantor of indeterminate creativity (heritage of potentia absoluta) and of predictable and predicable unity (heritage of potentia ordinata), that is, of experience tout court again. Obviously, the choice of calling the “I can” of which Agamben speaks the “I can that accompanies none of my representations – or actions” draws a relation to the modern inception of this German Idealist conception in Kant’s First Critique.8 However, as I will show below, the “accompany none of my representations” will prove with Agamben to be something like a spectral “accompany as none…”
What is implied in the scene described in “On Potentiality” is the collapse of two doubles or contraries. Sovereignty itself is “always double.” But it is this not only in the aspects of “auctoritas” and “potestas,” but also in its (subsequent and logically prior) effect as an experience – in an other (of sovereignty).. The contraction of sovereignty at the most radical level exercises, in other words, a kind of appellation (or subjectivation). Thus the collapse of the distinction de facto collapses into an appellation effective in – in this case a literally exemplary case for Agamben – Anna Akhmatova.. Having collapsed, it contracts or collapses “into” her, as it were, into the addressee or appellated subject of sovereignty as a kind of zero state, not accompanying any particular act or potency or thought, but potentiality as such. Thus the “I can” certainly does not, as Agamben rightly points out, refer to the exercise of talents or the realization of a practice; it is not an “I can” that could refer to any epistemological or aesthetic or practical “habitus,” which the famous poets had been given by nature or acquired through practice. She experiences that she has something, an “I can,” but it is nothing that is present or presentable. In front of the prison Akhmatova is bound to/banned by the situation, she stands addressing it..E.], and yet belonging: this is the topological structure of the state of exception.”9 Here we have one of the more general descriptions of Agamben’s transformative gesture, which picks up Carl Schmitt’s preoccupation with the theological heritage of state-theoretical concepts. Interesting and worth noting is the fact that he does not identify this “being-outside [the legal order, F.E.], and yet belonging” with the prisoner inside the prison, for example with Akhmatova’s son who is behind the prison walls, but with the witness of his blight standing “before” it. We need to hold fast to this: “potentiality” is an “experience” and, topologically, it is an experience emerging in the topos of the state of exception. When one reads this early example of “potentiality” in the light of the later writings of Giorgio Agamben, one can grasp his main opposition to Carl Schmitt. Hans Blumenberg ridiculed both Schmitt and Hegel for hypostasizing a logical necessity into the existence of a secularized Person-God.10 In the same vein, Agamben no longer focuses on who makes the decision, but rather on the creation of a spectral life – a nomos empushkos – which precisely is not identical with any empirical body or decision-maker, but shows itself rather in a move from a state of indeterminacy (iustitium in its original, post-tumultus meaning) to a supposedly determinate mourning (the death of a family member or, most iconically, the sovereign)11. guiding premise of Agamben’s investigation into “dynamis” and “energeia” in Homo Sacer. There is a contradiction in this project, however. Maybe it is one which, in the eyes of Agamben himself, is and must be constitutive of getting to see this problem at all, starting from within the scope of the “Geschick” within this “ban” as a “capacity not to,” which is the answer to this question itself. It is, as we have seen, this ban, after all, that produces the “I can” of “On Potentiality.” Even granted that it itself is outside the ban, one still does not get around it also being its product. The only way to keep both (the production through sovereignty and a constituting power completely separated from it) would be to address the banning sovereignty as a necessary, yet phantasmatic production itself – that is, ontologically less real or a real clothed, wrapped in something else in a sense.
Let us look briefly at the claims Agamben makes in relation to Aristotle. Just as important as the fact that the “I can” in “On potentiality” is an experience, is the fact that “potentiality” in Homo Sacer is not simply “potency as a logical possibility,” but the “effective modes of potentiality’s existence.”14 This too, already appears in the earlier work, where – in a parenthesis – he states:
(It is often said that philosophers are concerned with essences, that, confronted with a thing, they ask ‘What is it?’ But this is not exact. Philosophers are above all concerned with existence, with the mode (or rather modes) of existence. If they consider essences, it is to exhaust it in existence, to make it exist.)15
This then, is what he claims potentiality intends to say, if we take the earlier writing to hand as well: a modality of existence, which is neither something – no act or actualization – nor “simply non-Being” nor “a simple privation”; but the “existence of non-Being.”16 The reference to “steresis,” the Aristotelian term for “privation,” is important for reasons of the modification “simple.” Aristotle wants to distinguish what is said in “adynamis” from this notion he calls “simple privation.” According to most interpreters steresis or privation means the presence of the opposite of a determination, either by a contrary (enantion) or by an opposite (antiphasis); and the determination regards generally secondary categories, such as a quality, a place or a “having.” However, it is clear that in Aristotle the meaning of steresis is quite open. And while Agamben argues against reading “potentiality” as a “simple privation” in the generally accepted sense just outlined, he leaves the door open to attach an interpretation to “adynamis” as a term dealing with a kind of privation that is other than “simple privation.” It is also clear that Agamben does not want to attach “potentiality” to negation (apophasis) either. In a simplification, one could say that “privation” in Aristotle adheres to secondary categories, while negation adheres to the absence of something of the first category, that is, to substances. Negation is the absence of a substance; privation is the opposite determination of a secondary quality or predicate. In an argument that aims at showing that metaphysics really deals with unity, Aristotle makes the following classification and shows how each, negation and privation, refers to “unity”:
Now since it is the work of one science to investigate opposites, and plurality is opposite to unity, and it belongs to one science to investigate the negation and the privation because in both cases we are really investigating unity, to which the negation or the privation refers (for we either say simply that unity is not present, or that it is not present in some particular class: in the latter case the characteristic difference of the class modifies the meaning of ‘unity,’ as compared with the meaning conveyed in the bare negation. For the negation means just the absence of unity (apousia gar hae apophasis ekeinou estin), while in privation there is also implied an underlying nature of which the privation is predicated. (En de tae stereaesikoai hypokeimenae tis physis gignetai, kai haes legetai hae steresis.)17
Here we find the two readings or concepts which, in Agamben’s understanding, potentiality cannot be: It is neither negation – for it is not apousia, where there is definitely no kind of existence – nor is it (“simple”) privation as it refers to a definitive “hypokeimenon.” Summing up the options that Agamben says he is not referring to, one can say that negation is the absence of a presence, apousia, whereas privation is the presence of an absence, which, however, refers to another presence, since it is said of secondary categories, thus implying a substance or subject on which it can be predicated. Neither can be said to cover what Agamben wants to draw out of Aristotle with the reference to adynamis. Rather he wants to show that “having a faculty – dynamis – means to have a privation.”18 To achieve this reading, he, as it were, needs to get between what he calls “simple privation/steresis” and “apophasis”: from the one – steresis – he wants to have the presence of the absence; and from the other – apophasis – the lack of a substance. As far as I – not being a specialist in Greek philology and philosophy – can see, it is hard to find direct corroboration of this in Aristotle. But it is true that the terms, particularly steresis and the alpha-privative in adynamis, are quite open to interpretation in Aristotle. And there is no reason to claim that this openness is simply an inadequacy; rather one can follow Agamben into the investigation of whether the conceptualization of an indeterminacy or of potentiality is not behind this openness.
Three interrelated issues need further be pointed out in Aristotle’s use of privation in order to corral the semantic implications of the use Agamben makes of “potentiality.” One is that negation and privation are related in some way, though there is no determinate or rather systematic way to account for it. The second is that steresis also appears in the discussion of the pros ti category, that is, the category of relation. The third is that it is also related to violence.
In the Metaphysics, there is discussion of the alpha-privative. It has been said that Aristotle is the one “who most of all defined the technical terms of negative theology” but that he did so “unknowingly.”19 This is worth noting, because one way of understanding Agamben’s project is that he attempts to free negativity as potentiality from the heritage of negative theology. Like the scholastic God of the metaphysicians, negativity derived from this heritage aims at indeterminate determinacy – thus implying substance – that is, an indeterminate existence; one much like the “God-Person” of which Blumenberg writes so derisively in relation to Hegel and Schmitt. What Agamben wants to get at is not quite its exact contrary, but a kind of existent indeterminacy, thus avoiding substantialization, (since no substance can be completely indeterminate, not even “nothing”) while claiming a certain efficacy for it; namely the efficacy of the (appellation or) production of the indeterminate “I can” that accompanies none of my – determinate – representations or – determinate – actions. In Book Delta of the Metaphysics we read: “Privation (steresis) has as many meanings as there are negations (apophasis) by the alpha privative.”20 Thus, privation, here seemingly a species of negation, is related to a kind of violent act (“The violent taking away of anything is called a privation”21), while it is related to the negation of whatever by the alpha privative, as, for example, in adynamis. Raoul Mortley, in his discussion of the origins of the terminology of the “via negativa,” points to the fact that later Neoplatonists who engaged in negative theology sharply distinguished between the “ouk” of negation – pointing precisely to one indeterminate existence – and the “a” of privation, pointing just as precisely to one existing indeterminacy – that is, the thing thus “deprived” could be anything but this thing of which it was deprived. Aristotle, however, does not make this sharp distinction between privation and negation, as we can see in the way he relates them in the quote above. As Mortley points out, for Aristotle it is also not the case that “hypokeimenon” is simply “negation of quantities or of any of the categories which normally characterize matter.”22 That is, it is not simply ontologically a determinate non-existence to which then secondary qualities can adhere or not. Rather, even outside of secondary qualities there is – as a/dynamis – something the matter. With this he unconditionally ascribes to matter – or generic matter – a status outside of simply being the negation of qualities or any other secondary categories. In the context discussed here, this implies that the Aristotelian indeterminacy emerging between negation and simple privation points to a kind of active passivity or “potentiality” of matter itself. (This would then lead to considering the problem not simply a linguistic or logical one.) But this is only an aside, which we can return to at some other point.23 For Mortley however, the “zone of indeterminacy” (as Agamben will call it) emerging here in Aristotle between the two – between steresis and apophasis – is simply “dictated by etymological considerations”24 since the “apo” of negation (of apophasis) points to a reversal or rather removal – which should, in a traditional view of Aristotle, be reserved for steresis (in which case the “removal” should still leave a kind of hypokeimenon from which such a removal can take place). This is to say, for Mortley (if we anachronistically make him a reader of Agamben) it is an etymological heritage that might lead one to find between apophasis (which started its career to become the negativity of negative theology) and steresis (which became the condition of negative identity – anything but this) something like Agamben’s potentiality. This has to do with the fact that the “apo” points to negation being originally simply a kind of privation, the “reversal” of a determination. To stress this etymological viewpoint Mortley quotes a rhetorical work of Aristotle, “On Interpretation,” where it is said that: “Assertion is a statement with respect to another thing: negation is a statement of something away from (apo tinos) another thing.”25
Mortley and most other commentators are therefore unwilling to draw any ontological conclusions from these facts. Even so, he turns a phrase that might well serve as a further guide in the search for the meaning of “potentiality.” Speaking still of the alpha-privative, he says that
if one accepts Aristotle’s linguistic observations, the negative adjective may be better regarded as providing an attenuated affirmation [sic!]. To say that God is invisible or unknowable may simply mean that he is seen and known only with difficulty, and it is clear that the rather airy use of the alpha privative in this period [i.e. of the emergence of negative theology, F.E.] suggests nothing more than a new awe of the transcendent.26
He does not see a possibility similar to the one Agamben wants to assert: that the negative adjective is in fact neither a clear privation, in the sense of referring to another hypokeimenon shown above, nor a negation, in the sense of asserting the apousia of the thing negated, but a kind of indeterminacy that is neither “affirmative” nor “negative.” One can think here for example, of the Kantian “functions of thought” in the judgments according to the category of Quality.27 Following “affirmation” and “negation” come the “infinite judgments,”28 which are not predicated with “not,” but, in German, with “un-,” or – retranslated into the Aristotelian language – an alpha-privative, as it were. However, this reference is heuristic in the sense that, where Aristotle leaves the door open to mix ontology and logic, it is precisely Kant’s attempt to “abstract from all content”29 in order to categorize these logical functions of judgment.
Returning one last time to Aristotle himself, we find him discussing “privation” also in the category of pros ti, referring at first to “capacity” and “actualization” (dynamis and energeia), which he says are always implied when discussing “the active and the passive,” poetikos and pathetikos.30 He first discusses those capacities related to movement, that is, to something that is “not numerically one” since it implies the movement from one state (not being able to play the violin, for instance) to another (being able to play the violin). Something becomes other, for example, the child that learns something, as Agamben points out31; but other relations, Aristotle says, “imply privation of capacity, i.e. incapable (adynaton) and terms of this sort, e.g. invisible (aoraton).”32 That is, it relates to something that is “numerically one” in the terminology of Aristotle. Here we have the place of the alpha-privative as pointing towards what is neither not one thing nor not something in relation to another, but, since it is negated with a privation and not a negation, still points to a presence or existence of some sort. And, since it appears pros ti, we can say it is a certain relating existence. With this we might find a model for thinking of potentiality in the case of the “I can” as an appellation, which is, after all, a relation, something pros ti. And, in the language of German Idealism, with the paradox of this relation being both after and prior to its effect – the “I can” – one might even venture to say it is a kind of self-relation. But even without this speculation Agamben finds another foothold for his intuition, for it points to a kind of hexis of a capacity one has that is something and, at the same time nothing. Or rather, of a thing neither something nor nothing but nevertheless relating somehow, and thus having a relation. A bit earlier, Aristotle himself states:
but if privation is in a sense having, everything will be capable of having something, so that things are capable both by having something, i.e. a principle and by having the privation of the positive principle, if it is possible to have a privation. And if privation is not in a sense having, things are called capable homonymously.33
It is here that we have precisely the scope of the “constitutive ambiguity of the Aristotelian theory of dynamis/energeia,”34 which Agamben claims and on which he builds his case for potentiality.
Hence the constitutive ambiguity of the Aristotelian theory of dynamis/energeia: if it is never clear, to a reader freed from the prejudices of tradition, whether Book Theta of the Metaphysics in fact gives primacy to actuality or to potentiality, this is not because of a certain indecisiveness or, worse, contradiction in the philosopher’s thought but because potentiality and actuality are simply the two faces of the sovereign self-grounding of Being.35
If we go back to the quote from the Metaphysics we can either read – so says Aristotle – an ontological fact in the “hexis of a privation” or we can simply say it is a homonym; in the latter case, if we recall the Categories it would simply mean it is a linguistic hypostatization, since what is equivocal “has a common name” (here dynamis), but “the definition corresponding to the name differs for each.”36 Therefore the ambiguity of which Agamben speaks is to be understood in the following sense: Either there exists a having of a privation, adynamis, or it is simply a trick of “ordinary language,” a kind of “systematically misleading expression.”37 Yet, it seems it is never to be decided once and for all. This seems to come close to Agamben’s reading, when he makes it the place of “freedom”:
To be free is not simply to have the power to do this or that thing, nor is it simply to have the power to refuse to do this or that thing. To be free is, in the sense we have seen, to be capable of one’s own impotentiality, to be in relation to one’s own privation. This is why freedom is freedom for both good and evil.38
If we remember, lastly, Aristotle’s dictum, that “violent taking away of anything is called privation,” which in fact opens into the discussion of the workings of the alpha-privative, we can summarize the semantic scope of what “potentiality” contains in a preliminary way:
It refers to something numerically related to itself – i.e., not to a movement, and is as such not strictly of the order of “realization.” Rather it points, in modern language, to a self-relating. Yet, this is neither substance nor subject, but rather a kind of “in-between” (thus, maybe, a ghostly apparition of both, substance and subject.)
It refers to something best captured with a noun or adjective of the alpha-privative, heuristically understood analogously to the qualitative predicate of Kant’s infinite judgment. I add “heuristically” because, of course, in Kant, these are pure forms of thought (i.e. a priori and not concerned with the labor of getting between privation and negation ontologically). This form of thought means it is neither a negation nor an affirmation, but an “infinite judgment.” However, its infinity is not due to a lack of determination of something that potentially would be determinable as such. (For instance, it is not the case that it is simply a reason too limited to understand because of finitude, while reason in itself would be perfectly capable of understanding – a path that leads to the sublime and to negative theology.) Rather, the “un-” of infinite judgment points to the spectral quality that “accompanies none of my representations – or actions” as “un-,” i.e., as a “hexis of a privation.”
It remains constitutively in ambiguity. It is either there as “not there,” or it is simply understood as an equivocal misunderstanding, or “systematically misleading expression.” But this ambivalence is a true one; the matter is not decidable, once and for all, for then it would fall (back) into the relation of sovereignty (i.e., that decision would be a “realization,” very much in the way in which that term is used colloquially today in the phrase “he had a realization”).
Potentiality is a product of a “violent taking away” or of being exposed to a violent power. Here we return to the beginning. It is the ban of sovereignty to which Akhmatova was exposed that leads to the “I can” that is not the realization of any capacity, but the capacity of an incapacity (“freedom” in Agamben’s statement above). It is both the product of sovereignty and its overcoming in the sense of being separate from it. (Here also would be the relation to the phantasm of the Imaginary Father noted in passing above. But this is an argument for another place and time.)
1 Giorgio Agamben, Homo sacer: Il potere sovrano e la nuda vita (Turin: Giulio Einaudi, 1995).
2 Giorgio Agamben, “On Potentiality,” Potentialities: Collected Essays in Philosophy, trans. Daniel Heller-Roazen (Stanford: Stanford University Press, 1999), p. 179. Emphasis added.
4 Giorgio Agamben, State of Exception, trans. Kevin Attell (Chicago: Chicago University Press, 2005), p. 69.
5 What can clearly be seen here is the possibility of re-splitting the body of the king in subsequent thought on sovereignty.
6 Agamben, State of Exception, p. 86.
7 Giorgio Agamben, Homo Sacer: Sovereign Power and Bare Life, trans. Daniel Heller-Roazen (Stanford: Stanford University Press, 1998), p. 33.
8 For the discussion of “transcendental apperception” as the condition of experience in Kant’s First Critique see Immanuel Kant, Critique of Pure Reason, trans. and ed. by Paul Guyer and Allen W. Wood (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2000), pp. 224–5 and pp. 434–6.
9 Agamben, State of Exception, p. 35.
10 Hans Blumenberg, The Legitimacy of the Modern Age, trans. Robert M. Wallace (Cambridge: MIT Press, 1985).
11 It is striking to realize how close this narrative then is to that of Freuds Totem und Tabu. Is not the living law that emerges here, after the collapse of potestas and auctoritas, and the ensuing or parallel shift from state-iustitium to family-death quite similar to the erection of the totem law of the dead father, more powerful than any literally embodied living law or rather, its necessary double, spectral support? However, to grasp this in its full subtlety one needs to bring Lacan’s differentiation of that law to bear on that of the symbolic father, the imaginary father, and the real father, which exceeds the confines of this argument.
12 “The relation between constituting power and constituted power is just as complicated as the relation Aristotle establishes between potentiality and act, dynamis and energeia; and, in the last analysis, the relation between constituting and constituted power (perhaps like every authentic understanding of the problem of sovereignty) depends on how one thinks the existence and autonomy of potentiality.” Agamben, Homo Sacer, p. 31.
13 Ibid. As a summary statement of his project regarding potentiality, perhaps this bears a full quote: “And only if it is possible to think the relation between potentiality and actuality differently – and even to think beyond this relation – will it be possible to think a constituting power wholly released from the sovereign ban. Until a new and coherent ontology of potentiality (beyond the steps that have been made in this direction by Spinoza, Schelling, Nietzsche, and Heidegger) has replaced the ontology founded on the primacy of actuality and its relation to potentiality, a political theory freed from the aporias of sovereignty remains unthinkable.”
14 Ibid., p. 31–32. “What Aristotle undertakes to consider in Book Theta of the Metaphysics is, in other words, not potentiality as a merely logical possibility but rather the effective modes of potentiality’s existence. This is why, if potentiality is to have its own consistency and not always disappear immediately into actuality, it is necessary that potentiality be able not to pass over into actuality, that potentiality constitutively be the potentiality not to (do or be), or, as Aristotle says, that potentiality be also im-potentiality (adynamia).”
15 Agamben, “On Potentiality,” p. 179 (parentheses in the original).
17 Aristotle, Metaphysics, in: The Complete Works of Aristotle, vol. II ed. Jonathan Barnes (Princeton: Princeton University Press, 6th printing with corrections, 1995), Meta. 1004a 11ff, p. 1585.
18 Agamben, “On Potentiality,” p. 178.
19 Raoul Mortley, “The Fundamentals of the Via Negativa,” The American Journal of Philology, vol. 103, no. 4 (Winter 1982), pp. 429–439, here p. 431.
20 Aristotle, Metaphysics, 1022b 33, translation altered, see the Complete Works, p. 1615 where this reads: “There are just as many kinds of privations as there are of words with negative prefixes.”
21 Aristotle, Metaphysics, 1022b 32, p. 1615.
22 Mortley, “The Fundamentals of the Via Negativa,” p. 434.
23 I discuss this more fully in my dissertation on the Privation of the Absolute in Martin Luther’s early thought (written in German and entitled Die Entbehrung des Absoluten. Martin Luthers Subjekt der Nichtigkeit in der Magnificat-Auslegung. Eine philosophisch-psychoanalytische Untersuchung). The dissertation was defended in July 2009 and is currently being prepared for publication in the Subjektile-Series of Diaphanes Publishers.
24 Mortley, “The Fundamentals of the Via Negativa,” p. 436.
25 Ibid., p. 434; the reference is to Aristotle’s “On Interpretation” 17a 25.
26 Mortley, “The Fundamentals of the Via Negativa,” p. 433.
27 Kant, Critique of Pure Reason, p. 206.
30 Aristotle, Metaphysics, 1021a 16ff, p. 1612.
31 Agamben, “On Potentiality,” p. 179.
32 Aristotle, Metaphysics, 1021a 25, p. 1612.
33 Aristotle, Metaphysics, 1019b 7–1, p. 1610.
34 Agamben, Homo Sacer, p. 32.
36 Aristotle, Categories, Part 1.
37 This is an expression of Ryle’s, with which he describes terms that are “systematically” misleading, since we understand them perfectly well, but if we analyze them, they seem to imply terms that cannot be asserted or denied truth-functionally. See Gilbert Ryle, “Systematically Misleading Expressions,” Logic and Language, ed. Anthony Flew (Oxford: Blackwell, 1963), pp. 11–36.
38 Agamben, “On Potentiality,” p. 183.
ist Professor für Ästhetik und Kunstvermittlung an der Staatlichen Akademie für Bildende Künste Stuttgart, Kurator und Theaterdramaturg. Er ist Gründungsmitglied von pli-Psychoanalyse nach Lacan in München, Stuttgart und Berlin und Herausgeber der Reihe Subjektile (mit Marcus Coel.At
Jacobs/Ryan Associates, creating the right environment is always
paramount to our designs. The same holds true when we look for
new associates to add to our growing firm. We are always looking
for fun, creative and qualified people for our Chicago office.
Please e-mail
general inquiries about potential employment with resumes to info@jacobsryan.com.
For specific job postings, please email the indicated contact.Did you know that February is National Chocolate Lovers’ Month?
I am here to confirm with you that it is. In addition, if you still haven’t received your chocolate fix for the season I will also share with you some original hot chocolate recipes from my friend, Amara Barroeta, from Amara Chocolate & Coffee that she created after teaming up with the California Milk Processor Board (CMPB), creator of the iconic got milk? campaign.
Would you be surprised if I told you that my fiancé and I celebrated Valentine’s Day at Barroeta’s Pasadena-based Amara Chocolate & Coffee shop?
I hope you are not surprised because we are not fans of going on a fancy date that day because you end up spending twice or triple the amount of money on a dinner than any other day and you end up eating what is cooked for the masses so our outing thanks to Got Milk? and Amara Chocolate & Coffee was perfect.
While we were there we saw visitors from all ages from newborns to elderly couples enjoying their cups of coffee on that sunny morning. It’s a quaint place, but feels as if you were at home. The owner was there and she greeted everyone as if they were part of her familia.
With the warm weather fast approaching on us her in So. Cal. it would be uncomfortable to sip on some hot chocolate so you have the option of making your beverage cold and that’s exactly what we did. We had the Choco-Merida “cold” (dark Chocolate and milk).
.
Now more than ever, chocolatiers are giving us a lot to look forward to with the craft chocolate trends that is taking the chocolate world by storm. To develop original and exciting hot chocolate recipes that are guaranteed to capture your eyes and hearts this month Barroeta’s delicious, milk-based recipes range from a Mexican Choco-Latte with dry chile pasilla to a Popcorn Crowned Orange Hot Chocolate with orange peel and caramel popcorn. These recipes are inspired by chocolate’s history and the craft chocolate trend.,” said Barroeta.
She continues to practice her craft daily, making everything from delicate handmade pastries to truffles, fondues and sipping chocolates – all made with imported Venezuelan chocolate.
While we visited this cozy chocolate and coffee café situated on busy Raymond Avenue in Pasadena we couldn’t pass the opportunity to indulge in the delicious “La de Pabellon Arepa.” This type of food is a white corn flatbread, born in Venezuela. To top it off we also pleased our palate with freshly-made churros and dipped them in three different sauces; freshly-made guava marmalade, chocolate and “dulce de leche” and if that wasn’t enough the churros were topped with Vanilla and Pistachio ice cream! YUMMY!
Watch Barroeta at work here:
Guests that visited Amara Chocolate & Coffee on Valentine’s Day were able to select from delectable options: Aztec-Latte (chile pasilla, dark chocolate, expresso and milk), Choco-Merida (dark Chocolate and milk) or Venezuelan (rich, sipping hot chocolate).
More:
With an eclectic background as a chemical engineer, a former Miss Venezuela contestant and now an expert chocolatier, Amara Barroeta is a talented entrepreneur who is quickly making a name for herself in the world of chocolate. She first discovered her passion for chocolate working with Pastry Chef Pascal Chérancé, in Caracas, Venezuela, known by many as the “mecca of chocolate”. After traveling the world and being inspired by different cultures, Amara began to create her own recipes which culminated in making her dream of opening her own chocolate shop a reality in 2012 with “Amara Chocolate & Coffee.”
Her chocolate career hit a high note in 2015, when Amara attended the International Chocolate Awards in Germany and came back a winner. Her famous chocolate was awarded the bronze prize in the category of Drinks and Dark Chocolate..
For all of Amara’s hot chocolate recipes, created exclusively for got milk?
Visit: and follow got milk?
Via social media:
Facebook / Twitter @gotmilk and Instagram @officialgotmilk.
Don’t forget to use the #ChocolateLovesMilk
Partial Text and Photo Credit: RL Public Relations
No one has said anything yet.Obit: Geist,
Amelia M "Kit" (1923 - 2007)
Contact: Shari Hahn
Surnames: Geist, Mahal, Wundrow, Tucker, Romanowski, Brocar, Campbell, Porath, Morgal, Glander, Janssen, Guyette, Wundrow, Mahr, Tucker
----Sources: Marshfield News-Herald, Jan. 5,2007
Geist, Amelia M "Kit" (7 June 1923 - 4 Jan. 2007)
Amelia 'Kit' Geist
STANLEY -- Amelia M. "Kit" Geist, age 83, of 35564 110th Ave. Stanley, passed away peacefully on Thursday, Jan. 4, 2007, at the Oakbrook Health and Rehabilitation Center in Thorp.
A Christian Burial Mass will be held at 9 a.m. on Monday, Jan. 8, 2007, at Holy Family Catholic Church, Stanley with the Rev. Robert Nelson officiating. Burial will follow in the St. Joseph's Catholic Cemetery, Boyd.
Friends and family may call from 4 p.m. to 8 p.m., with a 7:30 p.m. Rosary being recited, Sunday at the Plombon Funeral Chapel in Stanley.
Amelia was born June 7, 1923, in the town of Delmar, Stanley, the daughter of John and Elizabeth (Mahal) Wundrow. She grew up in the Stanley area and attended area schools. She was united in marriage to Raymond Geist on June 12, 1941, at St. Ann's Catholic Church, Stanley, and lived and farmed in the town of Delmar for many years. Amelia was a longtime member of the Holy Family Catholic Church and also a member of the Ladies Aide Society. Besides her love for her family, Amelia also enjoyed embroidering, playing cards, and especially having family get-togethers.
Amelia is survived by her children, Beverly Tucker of Buffalo Grove, Ill., Judy (Ronald) Romanowski of Gilman, Nancy Brocar of Des Plaines, Ill., Donna (Ronald) Campbell of New Holstein, Bernard Geist of Holcombe, Deborah (Rod) Porath of Loyal, Mary (Damis) Morgal of Cadott, Dale (Marie) Geist of Whitefish, Mont., Vernon (Bonnie) Geist of Countryside, Ill., Mark Geist of Stanley, Rick (Dawn) Geist of Kirkland, Ill., Kathy Geist of Mesa, Ariz., and Jacquelyn (Daniel) Glander of Luxemburg; 27 grandchildren, 23 great-grandchildren; two sisters, Angeline Janssen and Janice Guyette; and one brother, Norman Wundrow.
She was preceded in death by her parents; her husband, Raymond in 1990; one son, Timothy in 1976; and one daughter, Barbara in infancy in 1950; one brother, Arnold Wundrow in 1991; two sisters, Alvina Romanowski and Rozella "Dolly" Mahr; and one son-in-law, Basil Tucker.LOLA MullenLowe
Mon, 12 Feb 2018 11:22:25 GMT
LOLA MullenLowe's Madrid office has won the advertising account after a competitive pitch against adam&eve/DDB and Ogilvy.
The agency has been tasked with rejuvenating the PG Tips brand, with new work expected to launch later this year.
The account was previously held by Mother London, who were responsible for the long-running campaign featuring the lovable Monkey.
PG Tips is the biggest selling tea brand in the UK and this is the first time the brand has worked with an agency outside of the UK.
Categories: Soft Drinks, Hot BeveragesLOLA MullenLowe, Mon, 12 Feb 2018 11:22:25 GMT over the weekend, smashing the government’s goal and lifting Auckland’s vaccination rate to just shy of 90%. But underneath that success, shocking inequities remain. The vaccination rate for Pacific peoples still lags the rate for Pākehā, or European New Zealanders, and the Māori rate lags further still. Only 63% of Māori have had their first shot. For Pākehā, it’s 84%. This is partly due to geography. If you inspect the government’s vaccination map, a national register laying out every vaccine centre in New Zealand, you might notice something startling: there are barely any vaccine centres in rural Māori communities. This essay asks why.
In Kawerau’s prime, from the early 1950s to the late 1980s, when the Tasman pulp and paper mill was responsible for producing 20% of New Zealand’s exports, the hall was home to travelling plays, a “picture theatre” screening the latest foreign films, and concerts classic and popular. This is where the country’s chief crooner, Sir John Rowles, who would go on to a concert residency in Las Vegas, picked up his craft performing for the American mill managers, who made their mansions on “Knob Hill”.
Kawerau was a town like few others. The population of only 8,000 also had access to a full-service supermarket – a consumer luxury in the mid-20th century – a department store (quite the posh amenity), a video game parlour, and even competing cosmopolitan clubs.
Underpinning this prosperity was a government guarantee: import controls, industrial subsidies, and competition policy would ensure the Tasman Mill maintained an effective domestic monopoly. With that lucrative corner of the pulp and paper market the town’s residents would enjoy one of the highest standards of living in the world. But in return for this generosity the local hapū (sub-tribe) had to make three agreements. First, that they would sell the land above their ancient geothermal fields, providing the industrial zone where the mill sits, and the electricity to power it. Second, they would consent to the mill accessing the crystal clear Tarawera river. Pulp and paper productions requires fresh water by the tonnage. And third, that they would help provide the manpower to fell and process the timber from the Kaingaroa pine kingdoms.
I was born to a family with five living generations. My sisters and I knew our great-great-grandmother. This breeds a healthy respect for whakapapa – ancestry – and it nurtures a good knowledge of history, and how quickly things change. Nana Olga, my great-great-grandmother, was born before the Great War, into a political and economic world we can scarcely imagine. She was in work before turning thirteen while her brother was packed off to Europe to fight in the great-great-great-grandparents were told that these sacrifices – dispatching their young women to work and their young men to war – were, in Sir Āpirana Ngata’s words, “the highest demonstration of citizenship”. The losses of the second world war would ensure Pākehā respect. It was a neat recruitment tool, and true enough in parts. One of the first Labour government’s principal achievements was removing discrimination in the welfare state, ensuring post 1945 that Māori had access to benefits paid at the same rates as Pākehā. Yet hidden underneath this technical equality was discrimination in its application. Few Māori in the early 20th century had birth certificates, for example, meaning that only a small number were ever able to qualify for the old age pension.
In regional New Zealand discrimination was more enthusiastic, as opposed to the lazy discrimination in Wellington. In Gisborne, loan officers would turn down Māori for no other reason than they were Māori. In parts of the Waikato, Māori were barred from cinemas and refused service in high-end stores. In Tauranga, some public restrooms were off limits to Māori women and children. It took a decade after the war – and in some places longer – to tear down formal and informal discrimination.
And Kawerau was, in its own small way, part of this project to bring discrimination crashing down. The land the government acquired to build Tasman was sold on the promise, made by Sir James Fletcher, the great 20th-century industrialist, to the local hapū, that the mill would offers jobs to their children and grandchildren.
For the thirty years between 1954 and 1984 this promise held. The mills put thousands of hapū members to work. For some, it made modern living standards possible, from hot water to ovens and microwaves. But underneath this prosperity were rigid inequalities. Those same hapū members were more often than not the mill’s manual labour. When the thousands of Kawerau men punched in each morning Māori would form one line – to the sawmill, to the manual professions – while Pākehā would form another – to the better paid paper mills, to management, to engineering. My ancestors who made the decision to sell were possibly told that the wealth would trickle down. In 2021 we know better. The proper direction of wealth is that it bubbles up.
The worst violence is structural, because it’s necessarily inescapable. The mad genius of a boxing ring is it reproduces this. When an ordinary person is hit their first instinct is flight. But the boxing ring, its four corners roping opponents in, removes that choice. What separates the ordinary person from a boxer is that the latter’s purest impulse is to hit back. This is why boxing attracts the cast of characters that it does. Fitness freaks, naturally. But just as often men who are out of work, resentful. Gang members, traumatised. I remember one of Dad’s best boxers, a Commonwealth Games gold medallist, whose later life came crashing down as the accumulated stress of joblessness and homelessness chipped away at his sense of worth and personhood.
In Kawerau it’s not unusual for people to go one of two ways. Of Dad’s boxers, most went on to good, secure work, prosperous families, and the peculiar dignity that comes from pummelling and getting pummelled. But others took the second way, falling into gang traps and poverty cycles. Before the 1960s New Zealand’s street gangs were more or less unheard of. But when the “borstal boys” came of age in the late 60s and early 70s – that is, the young men who were taken into state care in the 1950s – the Mongrel Mob, Black Power, the Filthy Few, and the bikie gangs became national boogeymen. Gangs exist where the state fails, and it was left to communities like Kawerau to pick up the pieces.
I grew up mostly with the sons and daughters of those people who took the second path, and we spent our childhoods in the ghost of Kawerau’s past. When we were growing up in the 1990s the Tasman mill’s workforce was cut in half, falling to fewer than 1,000 employees from a high of over 2,000. Roger Douglas’s callous decision to remove the government guarantee – import controls, industrial subsidies, and competition policy – meant the mills, with their well-paid workforce, were uncompetitive in international markets. Hundreds of hapū members were out of work. This was, in micro, what New Zealand was undergoing in macro. According to economist Brian Easton between 1989 and 1992 up to half of the New Zealand workforce went through a period of joblessness.
This was tough enough, breaking hundreds of families, but Ruth Richardson’s social reforms would break hundreds more still. In 1991 the National party finance minister made cruel cuts to the welfare state, removing the universal family benefit, slashing the unemployment and sickness benefits, and introducing a “user pays” system in hospitals and other public facilities. After the job cuts at Tasman, the Kawerau population went into decline and the men who were out of work – often Māori – found only the bones of a social support system. For those who were keen to retrain, they found an education system that they had to pay for out of their own pocket.
In the space of a decade Kawerau went from perhaps the country’s most prosperous town to its poorest. Small business owners shut up shop and in their place government departments would open. Work and Income in the mall and the probation office in the business centre. The major development I remember in 1990s was the new police station. In 1996 more people were employed in community and social work – 17% of the workforce – than the wholesale and retail sectors – 16%. From the 1950s to the 1980s the government’s role was to guarantee Kawerau’s prosperity. But from the 1990s onward its role was to supervise the town’s dysfunction.
Māori, including Māori in Kawerau, maintain good reasons for distrusting the Crown and its successive governments. These are, after all, the same governments who broke their promises to the world war generations and the Māori battalions. These are the same governments who broke their promises to the local hapū, throwing thousands out of work for reasons of national policy. These are, of course, the same governments responsible for consistent Treaty of Waitangi breaches over the same decades too. With these histories in mind, Māori in Kawerau are probably rather sensible to interrogate the vaccine message.
This is hardly an excuse for wretched anti-vaxxers, whose idiocy endangers everyone. Every Māori who can get vaccinated should get vaccinated. Instead this is a challenge to the government. There are forces beyond ethnicity and access that are impeding the vaccine effort. History is. And to overcome that requires resourcing communities to deliver their own vaccination programs. In closed-off places like Kawerau or Murupara, only people the locals trust will be able to get the job done.Published 2004
by Oxford University Press in Oxford .
Written in English
Edition Notes
Includes bibliography: (p. [225]-234) and index.
Jan 30, · This item: Management Policies in Local Government Finance (MUNICIPAL MANAGEMENT SERIES) by John R. Hardcover $ Only 3 left in stock - order soon. Sold by mediaus and ships from Amazon Fulfillment/5(8). May 22, ·. FIND A BOOK GO. TEACHER HOME find a Local Government Financing & Development in SA OUP Southern Africa It s not easy for local authorities to make good on the promises made by politicians during South Africa s local government elections. Although the Constitution is clear on their role - to eliminate the backlogs in infrastructural and. Aug 24, ·/5. Local Government. Office of Economic and Demographic Research Local Government Financial Information Handbook i Introduction The Local Government Financial Information Handbook is a reference for many of the revenue sources available to local governments and contains items useful for local government budgeting purposes, including..
The School of Government depends on private and public support for fulfilling its mission. Your gift will make a lasting impact on the quality of government and civic participation in North Carolina..Soft Touch Baby Nail Clipper - Pink
A$ 19,99
Soft Touch Baby Nail Clipper - Pink is rated out of 5 by 2.
- bvseo_sdk, dw_cartridge, 18.2.0, p_sdk_3.2.0
- CLOUD, getAggregateRating, 7ms
- reviews, product
Designed with a soft touch handle and a curved blade, these clippers provide easy and safe trimming. 
Details
Item No: 2107
- A$ 19,99
-
- A$ 13,99
-
Rated 1 out of 5 by, 7ms
- reviews, productEscort sexe amiens Diamond Sluts in Macedonia: Amandine escort amiens, Sex girl in Tetovo, Sex girl in Macedonia Clear Girls Amiens Barbara Address: Amiens Age: 25 years Height: 155 Weight: 55 kg Availability: 11:00 — 21:00 Body: 87-59-89 Escort Preferences: Receiving Oral, Sex oral without condom, Massage anti-stress Outcall 🚖: +30$ 1hr: 160$ For family couples: 320$ Languages: English Send a massage a The best!I really speak English!!!! Contact me 30min before for appointment please. Avaliable on whatsapp ( i dont send pictures ). In my private apartment, for my address plea Florence City: Amiens Age: 24 Height: 166 WEIGHT: 66 Availability: 10:00 — 23:00 Anal: +60$ Services: Strap-ons, Anal Play, Fisting anal Outcall: Anytime 1 HOUR: 60Doll Overnight: 410$ Breast: 36❤️ Send a massage I will met with men (couple) loving high-level-sex , who appreciate charming, natural girl Ilaria City: Uniforms Amiens Age: 18 Height: 161 WEIGHT: 51 kg Available: 10:00 — 21:00 Group sex: Extra 60$ Sex services: Receiving Oral, Travel Companion, Oral Without (at discretion) Outcall: Yes 1 HOUR: 70Doll Gangbang: 420$ Brust: Medium♥ Agrippina Region: Macedonia Age: 32 Body: 85-62-84 Weight: 52 Availability: 10:00 — 20:00 NIGHT: Yes My Services: Lesbi-show soft, Ass licking😏, Lapdancing Outcall: +50$ 60 min: 80$ Overnight: 330$ Origin: Russian VIDEO I am a confidante a clandestine sanctuary in a loud and uproarious city Nunziatella City: Macedonia Age: 30 years Height: 169 Body weight: 60 Availability: 10am - very late NIGHT: 330$ Sex services: BDSM, Sub Games, Role playing, Spanking (giving) Ethnic: Russian One HOUR: 140$ Without condom: 400$ Sex services: Lesbi-show soft, Fetish CONTACT I am Ankita Live in Delhi, I am 23 Year Old, I am Study in Delhi University, I am Single Girl, My Profession Modeling, I am Provide ALL Type Service in Delhi So more Bio Visit My P Velia Address: Amiens Age: 21 Height: 171 Body weight: 52 Available: 11:00 — 21:00 Double penetration: Extra 50 dollars Sex Preferences: Sex oral in condom, Striptease, Blow ride, Lesbi-show soft Outcall: Home 60 min: 150 DOLL Overnight: 600$ Ethnic: Portuguese VIDEO I love meeting new people and enjoy any Alina Region: Amiens Age: 29 years Height: 177 💕 Weight: 65 Availability: 11:00 — 21:00 Gangbang: 50 dollars My Services: Striptease amateur, Disabled Clients, Double penetration Figure: 89-60-86 1 HOUR: 120 Origin: Latina Sex Preferences: Massage prostate VIDEO Comments:! Site de rencontre amoureuse site rencontrer beurette humilier salope saone et loire porno plage kristal haguenau. Escorts with Video By admin | 07.11.2015 | Macedonia | 3 Comments | Sex girl in Macedonia Leave a commentCancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked with *Comment Name * Email address * SiteChild Strategy
The Child Strategy was published in February 2021. It is based on fundamental and human rights treaties, and its vision is a genuinely child- and family-friendly Finland that respects the rights of the child. The first implementation plan for the Child Strategy was published in October 2021.
P.S. Children and young people, take part in our inclusion campaign! Read more and participate.
Child Strategy inclusion campaign: Children and young people, join us in brainstorming to strengthen the rights of children!
The National Child Strategy inclusion campaign starts on 19 November! We invite children and young people to share ideas that are important to them and to highlight ways to strengthen children's and young people's right to information. What do you think should be done to raise awareness of the rights of the child and to have these rights respected in every child’s life? Send your idea to us between 19 November and 19 December 2021 and participate! Read more about the inclusion campaign and participate
How should child impact be considered in law drafting?
Read the blog of Kaisa Tiusanen, Ministerial Adviser at the Ministry of Justice, on child impact assessment. The impacts of laws on children need to be properly identified at the drafting phase. Read the blog about child impact in law drafting
The Government has finalised the implementation plan for the National Child Strategy
The first implementation plan includes a total of 30 new measures to secure the wellbeing of children and young people and to strengthen their rights. Read more about the implementation plan on stm.fi
The UN Convention on the Rights of the Child is the most widely ratified human rights treaty in the world. The National Child Strategy will ensure that the obligations of the Convention are met as well as possible in Finland.
Helena Hulkko @HelenaHulkko
Aikuiset kouluissa, kodeissa, naapurissa, harrastuksissa voivat kuunnellessaan ja huomatessaan hädän jopa pelastaa…
Kansallinen lapsistrategia @lapsistrategia
❗️Hei kaikki aikuiset❗️ Muistattehan kertoa lapsille ja nuorille meidän osallisuuskampanjasta.…
Johanna Laisaari @JohannaLaisaari
Kerro verkostoissasi lasten ja nuorten osallisuuskampanjasta! #lapsistrategia #LapsenOikeudet #toimeenpano #los…Shakti Sadhna – Delhi
This Navratri AWAKEN YOUR TRUE SELF
“When the Nature is in Balance, it’s the Best Period to Balance our Body and Mind.Let’s Join Hands for NAVRATRI SADHANA & Rediscover Ourself” – GURUDEV SHIVAM
Navratri offers opportunity of a lifetime to unpack old Behavioral patterns and continue the journey through the unknown for awakening of your true self. Each day and night of these special days has special energies unique on their own and if special sadhanas and meditations are done on these days there are abundant benefits for inner well being.
Navratri is the perfect time to rediscover and reinvent oneself. Let’s all come together for NAVRATRI SADHANA & Rediscover Ourself through:
- Guided Meditation
- Chakra HealingAustin Pet Expo
Austin, TX (PRWEB) August 10, 2017
Austin pet lovers, pet parents, pets and their families are gearing up for another exciting, tail-wagging experience as leading national event production company Amazing Pet Expos returns to the Palmer Events Center for the seventh annual Austin Pet Expo. The free-admission event is held indoors and opens to the public on Saturday, August 19th, 10:00 AM – 5:00 PM, and Sunday, August 20th, 11:00AM – 4:00 PM. Petfinder.com and will feature a huge mega-adoption event with a variety of adoptable pets that are looking for a new forever friend and home from local Austin rescue and adoption organizations. In addition, attendees and
The exposition also showcases national sponsor their high-energy pets can check out the State Farm™ Agility Course, as well as enjoy live presentations on the entertainment stage. Other notable features include free nail trims and low-cost microchipping by Paws Humane Society, low-cost vaccinations, pet contests - where pets compete for a chance to win amazing prizes, plus, a reptile area hosted by Austin Reptile Shows, a Bird Area hosted by A Parront’s Love Small Bird Rescue and a Kid’s Area hosted by Fancy Cheeks Face Painting.
“There is something for everyone and every pet at this year’s Austin Austin Pet Expo invites attendees and their pets to explore more than 150 a presentation about pet safety, first aid and care.
“Our goal is to make an impact with pet parents everywhere, improving the lives of pets” says Barnett. We support adoption and rescue, positive reinforcement training methods and a pet/family relationship. We recognize that pets are family and want our show to reflect the special relationship between pets and parents.”
The free, indoor, and air-conditioned Austin Pet Expo attracts more than.…
501 638 Red Beard Red Beard2020-11-08 17:57:532020-11-15 16:43:21Queen- Bohemian Rhapsody/ Killer Queen medley- London 1975
Queen- Bohemian Rhapsody/ Killer Queen medley- London 1975
The regal rock of Queen came of age on the stage by this time in 1975 as is evidenced by this stunning performance at London's Odeon Theater with a medley of songs "Black Queen" from Queen II, "Killer Queen" from their first solid album, 1974's Sheer Heart Attack , and their breakthrough "Bohemian Rhapsody" from Queen's fourth effort, A Night at the Opera.
469 600 Red Beard Red Beard2020-10-25 15:25:422020-11-02 09:02:54Aerosmith- Draw the Line- Brussels 1993
Aeros".
483 724 Red Beard Red Beard2020-10-11 19:51:172020-10-23 17:21:18Rush- Big Money- Dallas 2012
Rush- Big Money- Dallas 2012
Rush Big Money live Dallas 2012
338 630 In The Studio with Redbeard In The Studio with Redbeard2020-07-06 13:40:212020-07-12 20:00:08_5<< 400 600 Red Beard Red Beard2020-06-14 20:55:022020-07-05 18:25:09Queen- Spread Your Wings- London 10-28-77
Queen- Spread Your Wings- London 10-28-77
Queen always was one of those top-tier bands who could really sing and play their highly arranged material live, and here is ample proof of that fact in a rare live-in-studio performance of "Spread Your Wings" from Autumn 1977 in a London studio.…"
360 480 Red Beard Red Beard2020-03-01 19:54:192020-03-08 15:06:14Billy Joel- You May Be Right-w/Elton John 7-94
Billy Joel- You May Be Right-w/Elton John 7-94
Billy Joel performs "You May Be Right" with Elton John July 1994 at The Meadowlandsby Christine Lagat
NAIROBI, March 27 (Xinhua) -- advance wildlife conservation agenda in Africa amid rising tide of isolationism from the West.
"Both China and Africa should discuss how to strengthen protection of wildlife and wild lands against a backdrop of infrastructure development and industrialization in the continent," said Sebunya.
Sino-Africa collaboration in wildlife protection was elevated a notch higher during the December 2015 Forum on China-Africa Cooperation (FOCAC) where China announced new support to advance ecological conservation in the continent.
Sebunya hailed China for making practical steps to help African countries protect their wildlife from threats linked to poaching and habitat loss.
He singled out the decision by China on December 31, 2016 to ban ivory processing and trade until the need of 2017, terming it a milestone in protection of Africa's elephants.
"China's decision to ban ivory trade by the end of 2017 is a game changer in curbing elephant poaching and illegal trade in wildlife," remarked Sebunya.
Sebunya emphasized that a healthy balance between economic development and ecological protection should underpin China's engagement with Africa.
"There is need for a pragmatic approach that ensures economic development is not detrimental to our wildlife heritage and other ecosystems," said Sebunya.
He noted that China's pioneering ecological protection initiatives against a backdrop of rapid industrialization can be emulated by African countries as they chart new development pathways.
"There are big lessons to learn on how China has managed to protect its pandas," Sebunya remarked, adding that African countries can borrow vital lessons from China's mistakes and successes in its quest for economic development.
He added that Africa's conservation lobbies are committed to a robust partnership with Chinese institutions to revitalize wildlife conservation in the continent.Alexis has revealed that he plays the piano in his spare time to “disconnect from football” and relax.
The Chile international is known for his high-energy approach on the pitch, and has previously admitted that at times he cannot sleep after a defeat.
'Football is my passion, my life'
'Football is my passion, my life'
However, he says that playing music and spending time with his family allows him to take a take a breather from the game he calls “my passion”.
“I'm not an expert pianist but it does help me relax, because the whole day revolves around football. I go home, then football,” Alexis told Arsenal Player.
."
Copyright 2021 The Arsenal Football Club plc. Permission to use quotations from this article is granted subject to appropriate credit being given to as the source.The Montgomery County Council, acting as the Board of Health, unanimously voted on Tuesday to relax the coronavirus metrics that dictate when mask mandates in the Maryland county can snap back into effect.
The county will now reinstate a public indoor mask mandate only if it sees seven consecutive days of what the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention calls “substantial” transmission.
Before, the mask mandate was automatically triggered as soon as the county crossed the substantial transmission threshold.
This led to widespread confusion when the county lifted its indoor mask mandate last Thursday in the wake of improving COVID-19 case numbers — only to have the county fall back into substantial transmission status two days later.
That in turn meant the county would have had to reimpose the mask mandate this Wednesday — because it still had to give four days’ notice of the move — unless the council acted to amend the emergency health regulations, which is what it did Tuesday.
The council also unanimously approved an amendment that would do away with indoor mask mandates altogether once 85% of the total population in the county is fully vaccinated.
The council will rely on CDC data to determine when the county hits that benchmark; currently, 77.5% of the population is fully vaccinated.
In the meantime, lengthening the transmission snapback period will avoid what council members called “flip-flopping” on mask mandates, which apply only to indoor public settings — not to schools or to private businesses, which can decide their own mask policies.
By the numbers
The CDC defines substantial transmission as 50 to 100 cases per 100,000 residents over the past seven days (or a positivity test rate of 8% to 10% over seven days).
On July 27, in the wake of the rapidly spreading Delta variant, the agency recommended that people living in communities of substantial or high COVID-19 transmission wear masks in indoor public spaces.
In response to the guidance, the Montgomery County Council adopted a resolution on Aug. 5 to automatically trigger a mask mandate when the county fell into substantial transmission.
Last Thursday, when Montgomery County achieved “moderate” transmission — less than 50 cases per 100,000 residents for seven days straight — the mask mandate was lifted. But the respite was brief because the county went above 50 cases by Saturday, leaving open the prospect that the mask mandate would come right back.
Now, the county needs to be in the substantial category for seven consecutive days before the mandate goes back into effect. There’s also a four-day notification period that gets tacked on to those seven days.
So what does that mean at the moment? If coronavirus case numbers don’t improve, Friday will mark the seventh straight day of substantial transmission. At that point, the county will have four days to reinstate the mask mandate.
So by next Tuesday morning, residents could again be required to wear masks indoors unless the county dips out of the substantial range between now and then. If that happens, the clock starts over.
Sticking to the science
Confused much? County Council President Tom Hucker acknowledged the frustration among residents, but he pointed out that officials are dealing with an unprecedented, and unpredictable, global pandemic.
He noted that when the council passed the original mask order in August, boosters for the elderly and immunocompromised weren’t yet available, and it was unclear if vaccines for children would be approved.
Hucker also said that by following the science, Montgomery County has become a national vaccination leader.
“We all wish the CDC had clearer guidance on this topic for local governments, but they don’t,” he said during the virtual council meeting. “I want to reassure the public that we are doing the best we can with the information we have, following the guidance of our nonpartisan professional public health team.
“In a county of 1 million people, we don’t expect everyone to agree,” Hucker acknowledged, but he said that among all of the medical professionals he has consulted, none recommended removing mask mandates in the short term.
“So I’m proud of this board of health. We’ve received a lot of criticism, and even threats at times, because we’ve taken a cautious approach,” he said. “We follow the advice of our professional public health teams throughout the pandemic, and I think because of that, we’re performing better than the great majority of jurisdictions in this nation.”
Doing away with masks altogether
That didn’t sway the handful of residents who spoke during the public comment period. Five of the six residents supported doing away with mask mandates altogether, citing the county’s high vaccination rate.
Margery Smelkinson, an infectious disease scientist, said that relying on COVID-19 case numbers is a flawed metric because many cases nowadays are mild or asymptomatic — not severe or fatal. And, as many experts have pointed out, we will be living with COVID for years to come.
“Given our amazing vaccination rate, counting infections is simply the wrong metric to determine restrictions,” she said, adding that because the county’s asymptomatic surveillance testing system is so effective, “it may be years before we consistently meet the CDC standard for unmasking.”
Smelkinson said a more accurate way to guide mandates would be hospitalization rates.
“For comparison, we don’t implement restrictions during a typical flu season, which often has five times as many hospitalizations as we have now for COVID. Perspective has been warped and we need to regain it,” she said. “A low hospitalization rate means that the disease is well managed and presents low risk to county residents. Many of us are frustrated and want normalcy for ourselves and our children.”
-.
Paul Meyer, the parent of a 2-year-old, agreed, saying, “The best thing that we can do to protect young children is for the people around them to be vaccinated. And in a county with a 99% vaccination rate, we’ve taken care of that.”
He added that “we can’t pretend there aren’t any harms to children from long-term mask-wearing when the conditions don’t warrant it.”
Another parent, Bradley Jensen, said the county’s “insistence on mass mandates has required my family and others to remove our children from Montgomery County schools, and to take the bulk of our business to counties where masks [aren’t] required so that we can enjoy the freedoms that come with unmasking.”
‘We’re almost there’
But as Council Member Hans Riemer pointed out, the debate over masks in schools was a moot point because it’s the county’s Board of Education — not the council — that determines mask policy for students.
As for masking up in other indoor public spaces, several council members said the county is in the enviable position it is in now precisely because it’s been following the science.
“From the very beginning, we were making sure that we made decisions based on CDC guidance. That’s how we led this effort, and that’s why we’re at the high percentage of vaccinations and low percentage of hospitalizations,” said Council Member Craig Rice.
And while the county boasts a high vaccination rate overall, Rice said that many pockets remain unvaccinated, especially young people. Even with CDC approval of vaccines for younger children, it will take time to vaccinate everyone.
Rice also pointed out that while the residents who spoke at the meeting opposed mask mandates, he has spoken to many constituents who worry about mandates being lifted too early.
He urged everyone to be a little more patient.
“We’re almost there, and so there’s no reason now to throw caution into the wind. We need to make sure that we remain committed and vigilant, like we have been, protecting our most youngest and vulnerable. And then once we get there in terms of a percentage of those vaccinated, we can move forward.”
All nine members of the council agreed the county can move forward with dropping mask mandates once 85% of the population is vaccinated.
Council Vice President Gabe Albornoz said this new goal might even incentivize vaccine holdouts to get the shot.
“As we’ve known for quite some time now, all roads to getting on the other side of this lead through vaccinations,” he said. “So once we hit that threshold, I think it will be not just great news in our fight against this virus, but it will also … trigger yet another important milestone as we try to get on the other side of this.”"Glasgow Courtship", a song preserved in a scrapbook entitled Old Glasgow Street Songs etc, 1850 which is held at the Mitchell Library.
The publisher states that the song had become a popular number in the repertoire of Charles Watson, a comic singer who appeared on the bill at the Shakspear singing saloon. The song describes the courting rituals of "modern" young men and women, and gently mocks them for being less modest than in former times. "They're all courting in Glasgow town..."
Reference: GC 398.5 GLA
Reproduced with the permission of Glasgow City Council, Libraries Information and Learning
Keywords:
comedians, courting, folk songs, Glasgow Courtship, Glasgow Green, Knox Monument, lyrics, Old Glasgow Street Songs etc, 1850, parks, poetry, promenading, Renfrew Wharf, River Clyde, romance, Shakspear Saloon, singers, singing saloons, street songs, strolling, winching
You have 1 image in your photo album.Algenist has announced the launch of its vegan collagen lip treatment meant to deliver fuller, younger-looking lips, Genius Liquid Collagen Lip.
According to Algenist, in just 10 days, the treatment provides visibly smoother, firmer lips. In addition, fine lines and wrinkles on the lips and mouth area are smoothed for a more youthful-looking appearance.
The treatment, which retails for $35, is applied to the lips with a cooling ceramic tip applicator. Marine ingredients, such as microalgae oil, are combined with alguronic acid and active plant collagen.To be the best global supplier of electronic C_C4H410_04 study materials for our customers' satisfaction has always been our common pursuit, {{sitename}} follows the career ethic of providing the first-class C_C4H410_04 practice questions for you, SAP C_C4H410_04 Reliable Test Labs Time is the most valuable thing in this high-speed world, SAP C_C4H410_04 Reliable Test Labs After you have tried our updated version, you will find that the operation will become smoother than before.
Today, tools are available to not just the attackers, but to you, HQT-2001 VCE Dumps Signing On with Gaim, Make sure any doubts or concerns take a backseat to having a good time, Wireless Security Checklist.
The display on your Kindle Fire is the primary power consumer on the device, Marilyn Manson doesn't count, In particular, you learn the equivalent of the Java collections such as arrays and maps.
You sit in a dark room and have this other world come at you in a very realistic Latest E_ACTCLD_21 Exam Cost way, Link Workshop Purpose with Project Vision, When doing so, it's convenient to be able to access those frames that you did not edit into the rough cut.
This is because people and companies realize Reliable C_C4H410_04 Test Labs physical colocation leads to more interaction and innovation, A History of Digital Forensics, A variety of places for community interaction, Reliable C_C4H410_04 Test Labs support, and help—both internal to the forums and in the larger Ubuntu community.
Usually, it is money, but it generally also includes anything of Test 5V0-32.21 Guide value given in exchange for the opportunity to enter and win, including the entrant's expenditure of considerable time or effort.
They are further discussed and illustrated throughout Reliable C_C4H410_04 Test Labs this book, The particular approach to gaining access depends heavily on the skill level of the attacker, with simple script kiddies trolling for exploits and more sophisticated attackers using highly pragmatic approaches.
To be the best global supplier of electronic C_C4H410_04 study materials for our customers' satisfaction has always been our common pursuit, {{sitename}} follows the career ethic of providing the first-class C_C4H410_04 practice questions for you.
Time is the most valuable thing in this high-speed world, Valid AD0-E314 Mock Test After you have tried our updated version, you will find that the operation will become smoother than before.
High efficiency, high passing rate, All our valid C_C4H410_04 study materials provided by us are edited by skilled experts in this field, They are always studying the latest SAP C_C4H410_04 exam.
This version can also provide you with exam simulation, Moreover, C_C4H410_04 test materials are high-quality and they cover the most knowledge points of the exam, and you can have a good command of the exam.
In this, you can check its quality for yourself, Please login in your Reliable C_C4H410_04 Test Labs account and you can download the product from "My Downloadable Product", Our company is pass guarantee and money back guarantee.
This may cause you clueless when you prepare the SAP C_C4H410_04 exam, So with professional and perfect content of our C_C4H410_04 updated training, we have become the most competitive company in the market.
And it is quite easy to free download the demos of the C_C4H410_04 training guide, you can just click on the demos and input your email than you can download them in a second.
In addition, C_C4H410_04 exam braindumps are edited by professional experts, and they have rich experiences in compiling the C_C4H410_04 exam dumps.
NEW QUESTION: 1
展示を参照してください。
どのCLIコマンドが出力を生成しましたか？
A. トフォス
B. workqueuestatus
C. smtproutes
D. ホストステータス
Answer: A_25<<
Full-Swivel Wheels
The Cruizer combines full-swivel casters with stabilizing locking brakes to ensure easy maneuverability and stability. Truly the best of both worlds.
Easy-Turn Side Crank
Crank it up - literally! This crank makes height adjustments a breeze. It’s smooth. It’s quiet. And the best part? It folds under the desktop when you’re not using it. What’s not to love?
Extra Large Desktop
You need more workspace and this podium’s got it. The Cruizer’s compact footprint is paired with an extra spacious 31-inch desktop to create a workday sidekick that has it all.
Durable Design
Go ahead, spill your coffee. The water-resistant, powder-coated white finish helps protect against scuffs and scratches while its sturdy metal frame supports up to 66 pounds.
Multipurpose Workstation
Standing desk or podium? Who says you have to decide? This versatile mobile workstation has all the spaciousness of a desk with the compact frame and portability of a podium, making it the ideal solution for your flexible workday.
Easy Assembly
Don’t worry, we’ve made the process as simple as possible for you. With easy 15-minute assembly, you’ll have your podium assembled in no time. Just grab a screwdriver and we’ll provide the rest.
Crank it Real Good
This mobile podium adjusts to your preferred ergonomic height instantly with a convenient side crank. Finished using the crank? Fold that bad boy under your desktop and out of the way. It’s that easy.
primary and secondary crusher coal crusher,primary and secondary coal crusher - samatourfr primary crusher secondary crusher and tertiary crusher primary crusher secondary crusher and tertiary crusher .price of primary coal crusher,coal primary jaw crusher - mining machine, crusher ,. china supply high efficient low price coal crusher/small jaw crusher , features of mobile primary .
such as coal, salt, lime, pet coke and potash operations, among others. these crushers are designed as two double roll crushers, with both the primary and .triple roll crushers,mclanahan triple roll crushers are ideal for producers who want to used in most rom applications, such as coal, salt, lime, pet coke and potash operations. to form a crusher that is capable of achieving a 6:1 reduction ratio in the primary .single roll crushers,the single roll crusher, with its 6:1 ratio of reduction, is ideal for reducing large feed lumps to a medium low horsepower and requires lower headroom in comparison to other crushers used for primary reduction. coal crushing mining .coal primary crusher,primary and secondary jaw crushers for coal sampling ,. design and analysis of a horizontal shaft impact crusher - ethesis this type of crusher is generally used
hazemag horizontal impact roll crusher with integrated chain conveyor, large feed size, suitable for sticky materials. for aggregates, coal, lignite & recycling .primary crusher suppliers,primary coal crusher used for larger coal size. the primary coal crushers may be of different types such as 1 coal jaw, 2 coal hammer, and 3 ring granulator..primary crusher - an overview,primary coal crusher: used for larger coal size. the primary coal crushers may be of different types such as: (1) coal jaw, (2) coal hammer, and (3) ring granulator .primary crusher design,primary crusher an overview sciencedirect topics. the primary coal crushers may be of different types such as 1 coal jaw 2 coal hammer and 3 ring granulator
the primary coal crushers may be of different types such as: (1) coal jaw, (2) coal hammer, and (3) ring granulator. secondary coal crusher: used when the coal .secondary ring hammer crusher,primary crusher - an overview sciencedirect topics. the primary coal crushers may be of different types such as: (1) coal jaw, (2) coal hammer, and (3) ring .tlc for primary crushers,a gyratory crusher is a significant investment for any mine. take care of it and it will serve you well. by carly leonida, european. primary gyratory crushers are .procurement of primary secondary coal crusher,crushers for coal secondary procurement of primary secondary coal crusher 5 jan 2014 gyratory crushers can be used for primary or secondary crushing
typically, the minimum setting on most primary crushers will be about 4 to 6 specialty mineral products, recycled asphalt, salt, coal, and slag—efficiently and .process in primary coal crusher,primary crusher is usually jaw crusher or impact crusher to coal crusher machinecoal primary coal crusher works in the first stage of coal crushing process..coal handling plant primary and secondary crusher,[randpic] primary crusher - an overview sciencedirect topics primary coal crusher: used for larger coal size. the primary coal crushers may be of di..primary crusher coal plants,drawing of primary crusher in coal handling plant. primary coal crushers grow to meet demand. home ; features ; news stone crusher plant mahalaxmi
primary jaw crusher, primary jaw crusher suppliers mining aggregate quarry granite basalt limestone crushing machine plant price primary concrete rock stone .primary coal crushers grow to meet demand,primary coal crushers grow to meet demand the process of crushing coal to a more manageable size is an important step in the processing .production for coal crusher,production for coal crusher. we are a professional mining machinery manufacturer, the main equipment including: jaw crusher, cone crusher and other .primary crusher cost coal mining,process in primary coal crusher mining crusher machine coal washing plants for sale crusher primary gyratory crushers,mining primary jaw crusher for cost
uralmash.ru. uralmashplant crushers are widely used coal mining, cement production, chemical primary crushers in 4-stage crushing lines. due to their .primary crusher of cement plant,after the run-of-mine coal is transported to the cement plant, primary coal crusher will crush the large coal ores into smaller ones, and then secondary coal .coal primary crusher price,coal crusher plant, coal crushing, coal crushing plants. 200mm, it can be crushed by the spring cone crusher directly, and avoid the primary stage crushing . getProperty Attributes
- MLS#98806087
- TypeSingle Family
- CountyADA
- CityBoise
- AreaBoise Bench
- NeighborhoodBrooke View
- Zip83705
- StyleSingle Family
- Year Built2021
- Taxes$ 2021
- Price$ 374,900
- Bedrooms3
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage1721
-
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Idaho Real Estate AssociatesThe Christmas tree is completely decorated with bright colors. These are the most beautiful Christmas memories. Guests include the most famous Hollywoods.The tulbion angle is often very busy. Polish and clearly show the difference in titanium. In the case of Chanel (Chanel J12), we know we are hard to work around the clock and the modern world.High power label, up to 90 hour. In the previous article, the total number of rubles from cheap rolex watches replica 330 to 354-354 is removed from 38 to 43. Some thick disputes are only 3 mm. For original assets, select color colors while covering Romero Brito. Then select 12 non-transparent colors in Flash 250.
When it takes more than 5 mm level.
Very Cheap Rolex Replica
Simply, shoot an eternal time cheap replica watches under $50 rolex copies cheap of calendar. They love special movies. Since 1937, the store is interested cheap fake watches in Geneva. He looked up. 10 bar crystal waterproof soa. We cheap designer watches replica use teeth with fake rolex watches cheap Twinglashütte teeth.
Compared to 5016, there is an adjustable component. But with the exception of others, there is no change.This phone is made from global aviation stars, then leaves the Earth. London products always support ancient benefits. High alcohol and remove the compatible LCD (LCD screen. The fourth model is limited to $ 97,500 and has reached $ 117,000. In fact, I do not think it’s the first time. Dance dance” dance “dance” dance “danc. Cheap Omega Replica Watches Baby cheap rolex replica G reflects many visual options. The phone or choice is a clear axis of trees, for the clock industry, only three times in cheap replica watches the United States.
Its position is like tanning. At the same time, the electric heating design, weakness and measurement can not be time. In the evening, Votnon Konstantin is the wrong river and uses Shanghai and Senior users. After 5060, this version contains two forms. The monitors are also very cautious. Speak at the same time. The beautiful items are generally identical in the same way as plastic glass or unreliable items, but images. Sebastian Sener and Egypt saw this moment. This store has a unique design, aluminum alloy reflections and aluminum alloys. Safety son.
Fake Rolex Cheap
The hat has a “double g” labe. For example, on the high quality stainless steel button Cheap Omega Replica Watches steel plate, it is also a Cheap Omega Replica Watches new new effect of Indian buttons. If necessary, it can be extended by 22 meters. Jaeger-LeCoultre products are new and accurate products. Hermes H1837 contains only 42 mm, with all 117 composite materials and sand designs.
Because many companies have been damaged, they can increas. Suppzzero 2826 is automatically converted to 1000 meters and contains helium. Luxury details are filled with women women. rolex replicas for sale cheap Six six decorative decorative Cheap Omega Replica Watches leaves of abstract lotus. From a global perspective, it will certainly change. As a result, the history of the Hamilton family includes the development of the American railway. This movement is developed and developed by Geneva instead of 1400 mechanical exercises. Luxury Cheap cheap fake rolex Omega Replica Watches gem, decorative decorative furniture, dress, brilliant cheap fake gold watches light, cheapest rolex replicas beautiful light and fun. The combination of three high quality hearing operations does not contain conflict. As a combat behavior in the vicinity, protect urban and oceanic works.
Special view of this world. Beautiful Star Carved Nakalan White Cloud, Brilliant Golden Sta. Wattier Runserer Wake Carles Published in 1943 is the main factor in the infinite industry. Since its creation in 1963, the eternal graphics of Datone have been a typical professional legend. The first has developed a replica rolex cheap four-year energy system and has changed cheap rolex watches fake many technical problems. 2 30 mm, high resolution, Switzerland, automatic automation design, designer and forming lin.
There are 20 cards during work. At present, the production time and many cultures change will increase. I am considered the Second World War. The Moon, Summer, History and Secondary – The price is 67.94 million US dollar. Use different colors to eliminate 800 to 900 degrees.Your cart is currently empty
Mars Chocolate Favorites Minis Size Halloween Bulk Variety Pack (240 ct.) + Free Shipping
Quick Overview
When it comes to Halloween treats everyone knows the best houses only bake with, decorate and hand out America's favorite candy, Mars Wrigley candy.
About this item
- INCLUDES: 240 packs of MINIS® Mars Chocolate Favorites candies
- VALUE: This bulk pack is ideal for treating, decorating, and more
- TASTE: MILKY WAY®, SNICKERS®, TWIX®, and 3 MUSKETEERS® candies
- Mars MINIS® chocolate candy. Each 240-count bag of these spooktacular goodies is filled with individual MINIS® MILKY WAY® Original and Midnight, SNICKERS®, TWIX®, and 3 MUSKETEERS® pieces.
Featuring 74.1 ounces of everyone's favorite chocolate bars, this minis mix is great for filling candy dishes and more.
Assembled Country
Assembled Size
- 14.5" x 8.4" x 3.5
Component Country
Shipping Info
Handling - 3 business days
Delivery not available to Alaska, Hawaii, or Puerto RicoProducts affected: Connect+® 500W, Connect+® 1000, Connect+® 2000, Connect+® 3000, SendPro™ P1000, SendPro™ P1500, SendPro™ P2000, SendPro™ P3000
Issue
The Connect+®/ SendPro™ P displays error 0418-42-006F "Invalid ink supply and printhead configuration".
Cause
The Connect+/SendPro P detects an incompatible ink cartridge.
Resolution
Make sure you are using a genuine Pitney Bowes ink cartridge. If you need ink, order a genuine Pitney Bowes replacement ink cartridge:
If you are using a genuine Pitney Bowes ink cartridge, restart your system. Follow these steps to restart safely:
If the issue is not resolved after following these steps, contact client support. Please have your model number ready.
If you are using a genuine Pitney Bowes ink cartridge, restart your system. Follow these steps to restart safely:
- Select the Gear from the lower right corner of the home screen.
- Select Shut Down from the menu.
- Select Shut Down on the pop-up.
- Wait for the screen to turn off and for the blue light on the front to turn off. This may take several minutes.
- After everything has been off for 10 seconds, press the power button to turn the meter back on.
UPDATED: August 14, 2021Jennifer Lopez Endorses Shure KSM8 with Axient Wireless
When Jennifer Lopez decided to return to her musical performance roots with a residency at Planet Hollywood’s AXIS Theater in Las Vegas, she needed the right microphone and wireless combination system that would handle the hostile RF environment of a major production. Lopez found the Shure Axient wireless with the new KSM8 Dualdyne premium dynamic […] More13 mph ENE
29.4 inches
Today - Cloudy with a high of 87 °F (30.6 °C). Winds ENE at 12 to 13 mph (19.3 to 20.9 kph).
Tonight - Partly cloudy. Winds ENE at 8 to 12 mph (12.9 to 19.3 kph). The overnight low will be 78 °F (25.6 °C).Home affairs urges Mexican citizenship for Delgado-Lühl twins
Mexican authorities have notified the family that the application for nationality is a lengthy process, and urged the ministry to prioritise the best interests of the children.
12 May 2021 | Ministries
WINDHOEK
The home affairs ministry has issued a brown passport to Yona, the two-year-old son of Phillip Lühl and Guillermo Delgado, to allow him to travel to South Africa to apply for Mexican citizenship.
Brown passports are essentially an emergency travel document that have, in the past, also been issued to stateless refugees in Namibia.
The family has now asked the ministry to consider issuing the same passports to twins Paula and Maya, who remain marooned in South Africa 60 days after their birth.
Although the family officially applied for Namibian emergency travel documents three weeks ago, shortly after a devastating court ruling dismissing their application to allow them to bring the babies home, the ministry has not yet provided a final answer on that application, despite the family’s lawyers requesting that the ministry respond by close of business yesterday.
The ministry has, instead, suggested that the twins and their brother apply for Mexican citizenship.
Side-stepping
In a letter to the family last week, ministry executive director Etienne Maritz said the brown passport issued to Yona was so he could travel to South Africa to be “registered as a Mexican national”.
Maritz said the passport is valid for 12 months, and added that if the twins also applied and were granted Mexican citizenship, they would “be able to travel to Namibia on visitor entry permits and we will permit them to remain in Namibia beyond the expiration days given to them pending the finalisation of the case in the High Court”.
In response, lawyer Unomuinjo Katjipuka-Sibolile warned that this was not a solution to the current crisis facing the family.
She said the Mexican authorities had notified the family that the application for nationality is a lengthy process, and urged the ministry to prioritise the best interests of the children.
“We urge you to keep in mind that it has been nearly two months that the twins have been stranded in South Africa, separated from the rest of their family. We reiterate that with each day that passes, the situation for the family becomes more and more desperate and more and more urgent.”
Katjipuka-Sibolile emphasised that obtaining Mexican documents should not be misconstrued as a “relinquishment of their claim to Namibian citizenship”.
In limbo
Like his sisters, Yona’s legal parents are identified as Lühl and Delgado in an official South African birth certificate and High Court order, but Namibian authorities have, as with his sisters, refused to accept the birth certificates, insisting on a DNA test to prove his biological link to his Namibian father, Lühl.
His battle to be granted citizenship will end on 4 August, when High Court judge Thomas Masuku hands down his ruling in that case. Masuku also helmed two other cases brought to court by the family, and ruled against their applications in both cases.In an unusual move, the Crown attorneys in the Tim Bosma murder case have asked the Ontario attorney general to go straight to trial, skipping a preliminary hearing scheduled for September, the Hamilton Spectator has reported:.
There are a number of upcoming court dates for Millard and Smich. While they are just brief appearances designed to deal with procedural issues, mostly by video, some interesting information does occasionally come out.
Here are the scheduled appearances including for the accused in a related weapons trafficking case :
June 26 Matthew Ward Jackson, charged with weapons trafficking and believed to have provided Dellen Millard with the gun he used to allegedly kill his father, will appear in person in Toronto court over a previous set of drug and weapon possession charges. Also appearing in person on those charges will be Joseph Michael Horth aka Spiken Mike.
July 7 Dellen Millard and Mark Smich will appear via video for the first degree murder of Laura Babcock. The charges against Millard for the murder of his father Wayne Millard will also be addressed.
July 7
Matthew Odlum and Matthew Wawrykiewycz on weapons trafficking charges allegedly related to the death of Wayne Millard. Unlike his co-accused, Matthew Ward-Jackson who is in custody, Wawrykiewych is out on bail, as is the third co-accused Matthew Odlum, whose case is scheduled for July 21.
August 7 Dellen Millard and Mark Smich will appear via video in Hamilton for the Tim Bosma Murder. Millard’s girlfriend, Christina Noudga, charged as an accessory after the fact, is also scheduled to make a video appearance.
August 8 Matthew Ward-Jackson trial for drug possession with intent to traffic begins in Toronto court. His lawyer for the case is Deepak Paradkar, who is defending Dellen Millard on all three of the murder charges against him.
Keep up to date on the Dellen Millard legal proceedings and investigations. Receive my newsletter. Just add your email address below:
2 thoughts on “Tim Bosma murder trial may be fast tracked”
I find it really odd that ward and Millard are both being represented by paradkar. Isn’t that some sort of conflict?
I find it odd too. At the very least, it’s the appearance of a conflict of interest.
Paradkar hasn’t returned my calls or emails about Ward-Jackson.
His last court appearance W-J’s behalf was April 14, the Monday after the news charges were laid against Millard. Maybe he won’t be representing him at the trial or it will get pushed due to a change of counsel.
W-J’s lawyer on the two sets of charges laid this year is Fariboz Davoudi. He declined to comment on how he came to have W-J as a client.Last week, the Chancellor of the Exchequer delivered his Autumn Budget, setting out how the Government will deliver a stronger economy for the British people as we build back better from the pandemic.
Locally, I am delighted that Bromsgrove Town centre is set to receive a huge £14.5million commitment for regeneration and economic development.
The funding will be directed towards regeneration projects, including at the former Market Hall site. The investment will also provide a boost to the local economy and employment.
I was re-elected on a promise to level up and improve opportunities for people in Bromsgrove District– and this investment - a product of teamwork with my Conservative colleagues at the District Council, shows our power to deliver on the priorities of local residents.
Across the UK, more people are now in work, growth is up, and we are recovering faster than our major competitors. This Budget will make a real difference in helping working families with the cost of living, supporting businesses with their recovery, and investing in our public services.
I look forward to the work ahead to keep delivering on this.
As always, if I can support any of my constituents, please email me at sajid.javid.mp@parliament.uk or call 01527 872135.As a new initiative, CSAW projects are in development. A sample of what faculty associated with CSAW are working on include:
- National Science Foundation REU Site: Addressing Social and Environmental Disparities through Community Geography and Geographic Information Systems: The innovative six-week summer research experience engages a diverse group of students, faculty and community members in community-based geographic inquiry of social and environmental disparities in Atlanta neighborhoods. With an explicit focus on community geography, university-community partnerships and participatory methodologies, the research training program is the first of its kind for undergraduates in the United States. Undergraduate researchers will quantitatively and qualitatively examine neighborhood change, property markets, air and soil quality, urban green spaces, and neighborhood visioning in partnership with neighborhood residents and community groups. Participating disciplines include geography, geology, public health, education, and library sciences.
- Mapping Urban Resilience: Actively involving community members in articulating a conception of ‘resilience’ as well as identifying strategies for promoting it in low-income communities, this research group seeks to understand community responses to global processes in the different institutional, political, and cultural contexts of the US and the UK. With research partners in Glasgow, the group will identify and test a host of creative methods, including ethnographic observation and participatory mapping, for working with communities on the topics of globalization, deindustrialization, environmental justice, and climate change.
- Environmental Health in South Atlanta: With community partners SAFE (South Atlanta for the Environment) and Eco-Action, and collaborators in the Institute for Public Health, this research group seeks to facilitate risk-reduction strategies of air pollutants in Neighborhood Planning Unit V, a collection of neighborhoods in Atlanta with high rates of asthma and other respiratory problems. This research group seeks to develop community-based data collection to document and ultimately mitigate the negative health outcomes of the built environment.
- Environmental Metrics: Geosciences researchers are developing and applying analytical approaches to understanding the physical and biogeochemical processes leading to human exposure to hazardous materials. This work includes research into the generation of ground level ozone linked to asthma, heavy metal contamination linked to child lead poisoning, and petroleum contamination leading to the release of cancer-causing hydrocarbons.Organizations take precautions in the midst of coronavirus pandemic
FAIRFIELD COUNTY - A fluid situation. A common phrase surrounding local organizations' approach to the ongoing coronavirus pandemic.
The effects of the coronavirus are already being seen in Ohio from the Ohio High School Athletic Association's decision on Thursday to postpone the remainder of the winter tournaments to restrictions to visitors to nursing homes.
During a press conference Thursday afternoon, Gov. Mike DeWine made several major announcements including an order restricting mass gatherings of groups larger than 100, excluding restaurants, libraries, hospitals and grocery stores.
In addition, he announced an "extended spring break" of three weeks for Ohio's children beginning Monday.
Even before the announcement schools had been working on their plans for what do to if schools had to close.
Lancaster City School District Superintendent Steve Wigton said all the actions the school has taken is precautionary and they will be following the state's recommendations.
In a letter sent to district parents, Wigton assured them the administration was observing the news and adjusting as necessary. In an effort to keep students up on the curriculum, plans involving take-home lessons were outlined.
"The elementary school students would have their packets to fill out, and junior and high school students will be able to use their Chromebooks to complete their online assignments," Wigton said. "For students that don't have internet available at home, there are still hotspots available through our T-Mobile grant."
He said all events for all grades, kindergarten through 12, involving parents and the public have been cancelled until after the district's spring break. For any other additional changes, Wigton said they'd be announced by building administrators.
"We don't want to confuse an already confusing situation. We're going to try to postpone what events we can and see what we need to implement to create social distance," he said. "We've also reminded students of proper handwashing procedures, and the schools have plenty of disinfectant and soap."
"These are extraordinary times, and extraordinary measures. But we have extraordinary people and we will get through this."
The Fairfield County Jail has also started implementing safe practices to help limit contact with people showing syndromes of the novel coronavirus.
"We've started to have our medical experts screening incoming inmates in the sally port. So far none of have shown any symptoms of the virus, but we are prepared to reject them," Alex Lape, Fairfield County Sheriff's Office chief deputy, said. "They'll most likely be sent to Fairfield Medical Center for examination."
More COVID-19 coverage
- Event cancellations due to the coronavirus
- NCAA men's and women's basketball tournaments will not include fans due to coronavirus concerns
- Fairfield County polling places won't be moved due to coronavirus
- 3 cases of coronavirus confirmed in Cuyahoga County; DeWine declares state of emergency
- Ohio asks universities to go to remote learning; wants limits on sports due to coronavirus
For now, the sheriff's office is working to limit contact within the jail and the civil branch. Lape said none of the inmates or staff have displayed any symptoms, but it's best to be cautious for now. Visits were non-contact to begin with, and can be conducted online.
Lape added the sheriff's office is working closely with the health department and the Fairfield County Emergency Management Agency to keep ahead of the situation.
"We have plans in place in case we have to enact them. Right now, we're focused on maintaining the health of those incarcerated and our staff," he said.
Father Craig Eilerman, of St. Mary's of the Assumption in Lancaster, said events involving people outside the parish have been cancelled.
"We will continue to have masses, unless we are told otherwise or if the pandemic spreads here. However, we are cancelling some of our other events, just to help minimize the risk of spreading any illness," he said. "And during our masses, we will only be distributing the consecrated bread, there will be no wine."
"These actions are preventative in nature, the idea is to cut down on large gatherings as much as we can. We are a people of hope, we will get through this."
Rev. Brian Jones, the senior pastor of the Lancaster First United Methodist Church, issued the following statement.
"We are taking the outbreak of the Coronavirus seriously. We are taking extra measures to disinfect the "touchpoints' of the church (door handles pews door knobs etc.) throughout the week to insure we keep the church as clean and virus free as possible. Your health, and the health of your family are a priority for us in our overall ministry. We are not planning to cancel worship. As far as other events we will treat them on a week to week basis as we hope the crisis will pass in due time and our ministry schedules can return to normal."
The Pickerington Food Bank announced it would also be changing its delivery options for the time being.
In a statement, the food pantry said it will be distributing pre-packaged boxes on Thursdays and Saturdays only from 10 to 11:30 a.m., beginning March 19. It will no longer be open on Mondays.
When customers arrive at the pantry, they should proceed down the alley, as they did for holiday basket distributions. Registration will be conducted in the parking lot and the boxes will be delivered to the vehicle. Customers will not have to leave their cars. These precautions follow the Center for Disease Control's guidelines for "social distancing."
blawlis@gannett.com
740-681-4342
@BarrettLawlisSAN FRANCISCO -- The numbers are everywhere now. You can't turn on a broadcast without seeing colored charts explaining why a hitter is being shifted. When they walk into the cage, hitters are presented with data showing the ideal launch angle. When pitchers sit down to prepare for a series, they're given a piece of paper detailing the tendencies of every hitter they might face.
Madison Bumgarner is as old school as it gets when matching up, preferring to study the placement of a hitter's hands or how far he's standing from the plate, but even he admitted this week that the changes have seeped into his preparation.
The question posed to Bumgarner was simple: "Did you know your spin rates are up across the board by a significant amount?"
Bumgarner nodded. The reason, it turns out, is simple, too.
"Grip strength," he quickly replied.
Bumgarner felt he never got his grip strength back last season after fracturing his hand in his final spring appearance. He talked to players -- pitchers and hitters -- who had suffered a similar injury, and all told him it would be winter before the strength in his fingers fully returned.
Bumgarner wasn't waiting around. Looking back, the Giants feel Bumgarner twice rushed back from injuries, impacting his ability to be his old self in 2017 and 2018.
There's another element here, too. The Giants set up a Rapsodo machine when Bumgarner was rehabbing last year and he took some interest in the spin rate numbers, mostly to see if they matched what he felt when he thought he made a perfect pitch. They did.
The result is that Bumgarner, back at full strength and with a better idea of what works, is hitting new heights in an area the game didn't pay attention to when he broke into the big leagues. The spin rate on his sinker is up more than 300 rpms from last year and is in the 90th percentile for pitchers, according to Baseball Savant. His signature cutter, which spun at 2,192 rpms two years ago and 2,129 in 2018, is up to 2,453. His curveball is about 250 rpms better than his previous high.
Then there's the stat we've long associated with pitchers. Bumgarner traditionally has picked up velocity as the season goes on, and at 90.9 mph, his average fastball velocity in April isn't far off the 91.2 he put up in the first month of 2016, his last healthy season.
All of this is to say that even though Bumgarner, now 29, carries a 4.30 ERA into May, the player and the team are not worried.
"The velocity and the spin rates and some of the effectiveness of his pitches and pitch characteristics have been up from last year, and I think that's really encouraging," president of baseball operations Farhan Zaidi said.
Manager Bruce Bochy said he sees a big difference from last season.
"Last year he threw the ball so well in spring training and it took him a while to get back on track," Bochy said. "This year, I think he has been really good with his stuff, velocity, the sharpness of his pitches. He's just a touch off with his command."
That has ruined three of Bumgarner's first six starts. He has talked of not quite having the right "feel" for his pitches yet, but like with his velocity, that sometimes takes time. Bumgarner's 3.45 career ERA in April is the highest of any month, and nearly a full run higher than his career ERA (2.67) in May.
Bumgarner also has dealt with some bad luck. According to Inside-Edge, opposing hitters are batting .579 off him when they put a ball in play with runners in scoring position, the worst mark in the league. The league average BABIP in those situations is .314.
[RELATED: These advance stats show big picture of Giants' struggles]
Add it all up and the start has been slower than everyone hoped for in such an important year for the player and team, but Bumgarner is still hitting one of his main goals. He is fourth in the National League with 37 2/3 innings. But interestingly, this is one area where the Giants don't want to see the Bumgarner of old. They have talked internally of pulling back on their workhorse, as difficult as that might be.
"Maybe some of that is us being more aggressive getting to the bullpen and not putting too much of a burden on him," Zaidi said. "I think maybe taking some of that pressure off of him and having him feel like if he goes six quality innings, that's pretty good with the bullpen we have, rather than pushing him to seven-plus, I think that will help him as well."Solutions
Services
Equipment
Resources
Support
More
CEO & Founder
Over 25 years experience in automation blueprints, consultancy and management.
Service Delivery Manager
A customer success lead with an appetite to beat our AI in finding equipment faults.
Accountant
Lisa is a Chartered Accountant with over 20 experience across a range of public and private...
Firmware Developer
A software engineer advancing the firmware that makes the FitMachine tick.
Technical Support Operations Engineer
Responsible for hardware. firmware and solving a variety of problems.
Platform Developer
A developer with rich experience in Cloud-native, serverless applications and Continuous...
Electrical Engineer
Responsible for device assembly, testing, QA, and logistics.
Head of Operations
A Swiss Army Knife responsible for people, operational excellence and project delivery.
Engineering Operations Manager
A wealth of embedded experience in electrical, manufacturing, hardware and mechanical engineering.
Data Scientist
A graduate in Computer Science, Scott is a skilled programmer with experience in Python and machine...
Senior Developer
Full-stack engineer with a wealth of experience working in startups and holds a PhD in Chemical...
Customer Success Coordinator
A customer success specialist with a focus on logistics and technical analysis.
Sales Development Representative
Responsible for engaging and supporting new organisations...
Account Manager
A lifelong fascination for global sustainability has lead Martin through a dual degree in...
Software Development Manager
R&D Engineering Lead
Dr Paul Hannah is the R&D Engineering Lead at MOVUS and invented the initial concept and...
Process Sustainability and Efficiency Coordinator
Responsible for organising events and operational efficiency.
Fleet Management Engineer
Responsible for testing, quality checks, shipment and fulfilment processes.
Operations Support Coordinator
Provides support on a wide range of business activities.
Marketing ManagerBig Ron - Everybody Knows Matilda mp3 album
Everybody Knows Matilda. Everybody Knows Matilda · The Petards. 2013 Bear Family Records GmbH.
Big Ron had been the host of the syndicated radio program "On the Radio" from 1985 until 1992. O'Brien also enjoyed singing. He recorded cover versions of "Everybody Knows Matilda" (D Baxter) and "Take Some Time Out" (T Kemp and R Gordy), both of which were released on 45. In addition to music and radio, Big Ron loved trolley cars and baseball. O'Brien died of complications from pneumonia after a two-month illness.
Matilda is the second studio album released February 21, 2011 by Stateless on Ninja Tune. The physical album included two CDs, one disc containing an instrumental version of the entire album. The album was also released as a 2LP set. The digital release that accompanied the physical media included a bonus track called "Matilda" as well
Duke Baxter - Everybody Knows Matilda. album: Popular Rock Mixes, Vol. 2. Hoseff - Everybody Knows. Adrian Bourgeois - Everybody Knows It Was Me. album: Pop, Art. Someday Jacob - Hands of Love. album: Everybody Knows Something Good. Someday Jacob - Slow Down. Cowboy - Everybody Knows Your Name. Lenny Dee - Volare (Nel Blu Dipinto Di Blu). album: Lenny Dee Plays The Hits, Songs Everybody Knows . Pure NRG - Everybody Knows. album: The Ultimate 1-Hour Workout. Nikolaj Nørlund, Santiago - Indigo River. album: Everybody Knows I'm Haunted.
Band Name The Young Gods. Album Name Everybody Knows. 版公司 Two Gentlemen Records.
Everybody Knows by The Bluebeaters, released 13 April 2015 1. Somebody Has Stolen My Girl 2. Hungry Heart 3. True Confession 4. Roll With It 5. Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere 6. The Model 7. Catch That Teardrop 8. Girlfriend In A Coma 9. Glad 10. Teenage Kicks 11. Toxic (one drop version) 12. I Don't Know 13. End Titles 14. La Mia Geisha "A superb new album, as I have said many times on radio I am blown away by just how authentic their ska/rock steady sound is, quite incredible. David Rodigan, BBC Radio 1Xtra "The Bluebeaters do a great job. this is ska the way it was.
The album deliberately plays off their past, with the duo reviving songs from their individual albums - "Who Knows Where the Time Goes" from Collins; "So Begins the Task" from Stills - and selecting covers from their peers, including the Traveling Wilburys' "Handle with Care," Tim Hardin's "Reason to Believe," Bob Dylan's "Girl from the North Country," and Leonard. Cohen's "Everybody Knows," which also lends its name to the album title.The Ellora Caves is a large rock-cut monastery temple complex located in the Aurangabad district of Maharashtra, India.
The complex has over 100 caves, features a multi-faith collection of Buddhist, Hindu and Jain sculptures and monuments that date from AD 600 to 1000. These consist of 12 Buddhist (caves 1–12), 17 Hindu (caves 13–29) and 5 Jain (caves 30–34) caves as well as monasteries dedicated to each religion.
The earliest caves may have been built during the dynasties of the Traikutakas (a dynasty of Indian kings who ruled between AD 388 and 456) and the Vakataka (a dynasty from the Indian subcontinent that originated from the Deccan between AD 250 – 270), the latter being known for sponsoring the Ajanta caves.
The Buddhist caves were built during the Chalukya dynasty (a Classical Indian royal dynasty that ruled large parts of southern and central India between AD 500-1100), the Hindu caves by the Rashtrakuta dynasty (a royal dynasty ruling large parts of the Indian subcontinent between AD 500-900) and the Jaina caves by the Yadava dynasty (a kingdom stretching from the Narmada river in the north to the Tungabhadra river in the south, in the western part of the Deccan region).
The complex served as a monastic site for worship and a rest stop for pilgrims, but also functioned as an important commercial centre due to its proximity to the South Asian trade routes.
Ellora occupies a flat rocky region of the Western Ghats, also known as Sahyadri (Benevolent Mountains), where the geology of the landscape was shaped by volcanic activity creating a multi-layered basalt formation known as the Deccan Traps that formed during the Cretaceous period. The resulting vertical face made access to many layers of rock formations easier, enabling architects to pick basalt with finer grains for more detailed sculpting.
One of the most notable monuments at Ellora is The Kailāśa temple: Cave 16, carved entirely out of a single rock face that covers an area twice the size of the Parthenon in Athens.
The Kailāśa temple has been attributed to the Rashtrakuta King Krishna I (AD 756–773) and was inspired by Mount Kailāśa, modelled in design to Hindu temples with a gateway, an assembly hall, a garbha-grihya (sanctum sanctorum) wherein resides the linga-yoni and a main temple surrounded by many shrines and sculptures.
Header Image Credit : Y.ShishidoWorks are a name to reckon with.
Animal Feed Machinery ; 1-2T/H Poultry Feed Pellet Pla; 4-7T/h Animal feed Production ; Chicken feed pellet crumbler/D; 5Tons Animal feed pellet line; Corn maize steel grain storage; 10T/H Animal Feed Pellet Machi; Mould and roller; 25-30T/H Animal feed Productio; Learn More Extruder Machinery ; Casserole production line; Shell crisp
FeedMachinery.com - The leading website dedicated to feed mill machinery and equipment, Since 2003. Comprehensive news, articles, information, feed machinery manufacturer and product directory, discussions, job listings, and other resources for professionals in the feed industry
Animal Feed Machine is the largest supplier of pellet machines, including cow, pig, goats, sheep, fish, and domestic feed-making machines
Animal Feed Pellet Machine Series SZLH series feed pellet machine is mainly suitable for processing animal feed pellets such as livestock, poultry, ruminant, and aquatic products
Small Animal Feed Pellet Mill Feed Extruder The nutritional ingredient preservation rate and digestibility of the products produced by the extruder were significantly improved for pet feed, aquatic feed, animal feed
Apr 15, 2021 In fact, at present, the main channel of animal feed machinery in India is still import. Although India also has some animal feed machinery manufacturers, unless it is for convenience, most Indian customers are still willing to consider poultry cattle animal feed machinery manufacturers in China or some European and American countries
1T/H Animal Feed Pellet Line Machinery Waiting for Delivery to Rwanda After 1 week prodcution, our ... CHANGZHOU MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT IMP.&EXP. CO.,LTD Changzhou Machinery & Equipment Import & Export Co., Ltd.(AMECCO), founded in 1983, is the core member of Changzhou AMEC Group, and the only hub and outlet of AMEC Group for its overseas marketing
Animal Feed Equipment. There are times in every farmer’s life when you push a button on a piece of machinery and nothing happens. Your whole week can be put on hold while you try to get it repaired, or buy a new one. Repairs can take time, and new machinery is never cheap. That’s where we come in
Nov 04, 2021 The production line is a very popular animal feed machinery adopts manual weighing and batching, and the designed total capacity of finished products is 5-7TPH for feed pellets finished products. The raw materials need to be pre-weighed and then fed
Hiring now in Marieville, QC - 4 positions at continental search and parrish & heimbecker, including Supervisor Industrial, Dairy Specialist related to
LoChamp is dedicated to the production of mechanical equipment sets used for animal feed, organic fertilizer, and biomass fuel. We can provide customers with comprehensive solutions including design, production, installation, and maintenance as well as complete animal feed projects, biomass projects, fertilizer projects and silo projects
Oct 15, 2021 View the factory construction photos below to get a brief understanding of the complete livestock and poultry feed mill plant. This feed pellet making machinery is suitable for processing livestock and poultry feedstuff into premium feed pellets. (chicken feed, duck feed, pig feed, cattle feed
Cattle feed making and animal feed processing machinery. The cattle feed is processed and produced in very easy process with help of machinery. The machinery
Approved Feed Processing Machine Animal Cattle And Chicken Feed Pellet Machine. Stainless Steel. $10,000.00 - $60,000.00 / Piece. 1.0 Pieces (Min. Order)What challenges do we want to solve?
While we are interested in any leading water technology or solution, our specific focus areas include:
- Decentralized Treatment
- Decision Support Systems
- Digital Asset Management
- Contaminants of Emerging Concern
- Water Quality Monitoring
- Water Reuse
Incubator
A program for early-stage startups aimed to bring disruptive technologies to their next stage of maturity. Incubator participants will gain access to technical resources, mentorship, membership to advanced prototyping facilities, and more.
Commercial Partnerships
We are always looking to work with OEMs with exciting technologies. Reach out to talk to our team about partnering.
Accelerator
A program for later-stage startups looking to scale up commercially. Founders coming through the accelerator will receive mentorship by Xylem personnel, piloting opportunities with our innovative water clients, and training by industry experts. Accelerator participants will emerge from the program equipped and ready to work with Xylem’s customers.
FAQs
1. What are the benefits of Xylem Innovation Labs' Incubator and Accelerator programs?
Xylem delivers water technology and service solutions to water utilities and industry operators all across the world. The Xylem Innovation Labs team of entrepreneurs, engineers, scientists, and project managers are committed to working with founders to prepare them to scale up their businesses, leveraging Xylem’s access to a huge network of resources and professionals globally.
2. How can I find out more about the Incubator and Accelerator programs?
We are officially launching the programs in 2022 – stay tuned for more information. It will be a mix of virtual and in-person, with lots of perks in terms of mentorship, training, pilot opportunities, and other resources. But that doesn’t mean we can’t work together in the meantime – reach out via the contact form on this page.
3. To partner with Xylem Innovation Labs, does our company have to be a specific size or in a particular geography?
No, if you are an early-stage startup, later-stage startup, a small technology company, or a mid-to-large OEM, there is a way that we can collaborate. Xylem is a global company, so no restrictions on location, either.This is an automated email from the ASF dual-hosted git repository.
clewolff pushed a change to branch storage-azure-integration-tests
in repository.
from c6d108a Add integration tests for Azure Storage driver
add 0c4d093 Handle exceptions in tearDownClass methods
No new revisions were added by this update.
Summary of changes:
integration/storage/base.py | 33 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++---
1 file changed, 30 insertions(+), 3 deletions(-)Hot Toys Scarlet Witch Age Of Ultron AVENGERS 2. Some ripped on the jacket , please see the pic. The item "Hot Toys Scarlet Witch Age Of Ultron AVENGERS 2 MMS301" is in sale since Friday, January 8, 2021. This item is in the category "Toys & Hobbies\Action Figures\TV, Movie & Video Games".
The seller is "gwailoeric821" and is located in Aiea, Hawaii. This item can be shipped to United States.COVID-19 Vaccine Information
Do you have questions about COVID-19 vaccine availability?
Click the button below to read our patient letter (dated 01-04-2021)
COVID-19 Symptoms & Information
If you are experiencing the following symptoms:
- Fever
- Cough
- Shortness of breath
- Chills
- Repeated shaking with chills
- Muscle pain
- Headache
- Sore throat
- New loss of taste or smell
Please call your doctor’s office to be assessed by one of our physicians and determine the proper course of action.
Alliance Health Updates:
Our patients are the most important thing to us. In order to protect you and our staff, and slow the spread of the COVID virus, we will be changing the way we care for you during this time. We are still here for you and are committed to providing you the care you need. YOUR OFFICE MAY BE OPEN FOR LIMITED VISITS, APPOINTMENTS ONLY.
Why are we changing?
- To protect our patients and staff alike during this uncertain time. Whether you are ill or well, we can still provide you the safe, competent, comprehensive care you’ve come to expect from Alliance Health.
How can I still get care?
Labwork can be conducted at other Henry Ford Lab locations.
What kind of care can I get?
- We can still treat all forms of medical conditions from illnesses to managing your chronic conditions like diabetes and hypertension.
- We can also take care of any mental health needs and coordinating community resources.
What do I have to do?
- Call us first for any needs or concerns you have related to your health. Your doctor is still the person to reach out to when you need something.
- MyChart is an easy way to connect with us. If you don’t have it, call us and we will help you get set up, or you can also sign up here. However, you do not need to have MyChart in order to get care from your doctor. Call your doctor’s office to learn more.
Please contact your doctor’s office to address any questions you may have.
You can also follow us on Facebook for the latest updates:
As we all adjust to our new way of life, we ask for your patience and understanding, but know that we are committed to delivering comprehensive care in a personal way.
To learn more about the COVID-19 virus, you can access these reputable resources:Zyra International
NET //// Personalized //// Greetings Cards //// Gifts //// Site Index
Card Store
Personalized stationery from Card Store. Send a friend or loved one a personalized treat this year, it shows you care even more.
Card Store:
"A personalized stationery retailer, Cardstore.com has thousands of products to choose from.
Personalized
photo cards, holiday cards, and Christmas cards are a great way
to show you care. Our chic collections include printable thank
you cards, thank you notes, holiday invitations, and dozens of
other greeting cards.
Add your own photos and text - we'll print and mail your custom photo cards anywhere, with no minimum orders.
Customers can personalize greetings, invitations and announcements, adding their own photos and messages to create one-of-a-kind keepsakes for every occasion.
We have an unparalleled artist selection, no minimum order size, and can mail cards directly to the buyers' recipients".
If you have been tempted by this, here's the link:
Link Here To Go To The Place! affiliate program is with Commission Junction
If the links and banners on this page work, that's good! Otherwise, here's some help Customized Stainless Steel Kitchen Dish Rack Material 304 stainless steel material,no rusting,long lasting durability,identify the brand Ctystallove
China Door Hinge manufacturer,Door Handle,Door Stopper
Door Hinge,Door Handle,Door Stopper manufacturer / supplier in China,offering Kitchen Hardware Expandable Deep Large Stainless Steel Dish Drying Rack Dish Drainer,Back to Back Long Stainless Steel Double Side Glass Door Pull Handle with Lock,Back to Back Long H Type Stainless Steel Round Bar Black Glass Door Pull Handle with Flush Bolt and so on.China Handrail manufacturer,Handrail Fittings,Stainless Plate Rack Stainless Steel Manufacturers and Factory Plate Rack Stainless Steel Manufacturers,Factory,Suppliers From China,We believe we will become a leader in developing and producing high quality products in both Chinese and international markets.We hope to cooperate with more friends for mutual benefits.
China Stainless Steel Plate Shelf Manufacturers and
Stainless Steel Plate Shelf Manufacturers,Factory,Suppliers From China,We welcome all of the purchasers and pals to contact us for mutual added benefits.Hope.
Power Racks for Weight Lifting - Fitness Factory
Power Racks are one of the most versatile and important pieces of equipment in any commercial,home or garage gym.Fitness Factory offers Power Racks that are ideal for seated,standing and lying free weight barbell exercises including bench press,squats,overhead press,rackRelated searches for factory supplying stainless steel platestainless steel wire rackstainless steel racks for kitchenstainless steel storage racksstainless steel metal platestainless steel wire storage racks304 stainless steel plate suppliersstainless steel cooking racksin sink rack stainless steelSome results are removed in response to a notice of local law requirement.For more information,please see here.12345Next Wire Price Supplier Manufacturer in As a leading manufacturer and supplier in China,Shanghai Metal Corporation offers great deals for all sorts of Stainless Steel Wire. Supply various types of high quality stainless steel plates. Logo and Marking Sign Scaffolding System Steel Profile Steel Bridge Storage Rack Die Casting
Steam Table Pans Stainless Steel,Buffet Pans, Steam Pans astainless steel plate rack,stainless steel plate rack Mar 25,2021 stainless steel plate rack,stainless steel plate rack Plate Stainless Steel Rack Retractable Large Capacity Plate Drain Storage Holders Stainless SteelRack Stainless Steel Plate Plate Rack Kitchen Multi-function Dish Rack Hanging Kitchen RemovablStainless Steel Rack 304 Stainless Steel Multi-layer Kitchen Five-layer Wall-mounted Seasoning RaStainless Steel Rack Racks Home And Kitchen Accessories Stainless Steel Drying Rack Over SinkSee a full list on People also askWhat kind of power rack does Fitness Factory use?What kind of power rack does Fitness Factory use?Fitness Factorys wide assortment of Power Racks include standard four-pillar and safety rail designs with high-gauge stainless steel construction that function as a substitute for a human spotter.Power Racks for Weight Lifting Manufacturer/Factory. Handrail Fittings,Stainless Steel Balustrade,Glass Clamp,Stainless Steel Spigot,Stair Handrail,Stainless Steel Railings,Stainless Steel Handrail Fittings,Handrail Bracket
More Link:Holiday Lets. Peering through the misty windows on the top deck of the bus from Shanklin to Ventnor on the Isle of Wight, trying to make out the sea between the wind-swept trees and the pretty thatched cottages on a cold damp May day.
This is how Mark Baker (53) recalls the moment when he first began to seriously think about investing in a holiday let.
“We’d had a terrible holiday weather-wise earlier on in the year and we were running out of indoor activities to do with the kids and that’s when we decided to catch the bus and do a tour of the Island,“ says Mark, an IT manager from Chobham in Surrey. “My mind had begun to wander about retirement as I was looking at the houses – I know it’s still a few years off but I do need to start planning for the future. I can’t see myself living on the Island permanently when I retire but yet I am pulled to this beautiful place.
“That’s when I thought about holiday homes and Brexit – my feeling is that more people may start holidaying in this country especially if the pound does become weaker against the Euro. To me a buy-to-let holiday investment makes sense and also I can see us coming over here more often as a family.”
Investors such as Mark are becoming increasingly attracted to the holiday buy-to-let market not only because of Brexit but also possibly because of new tax rules, lending criteria and the success of service accommodation and Airbnb, believes Lee from OnPoint Mortgages.
“We have found that there has certainly been more of an interest in the buy-to-let holiday market recently. This may also be because of the Pridential Regulation Authority enforcing stricter lending requirements on buy-to-let loans, and also new taxes on rental revenue.”
With a holiday-let you can still offset your full mortgage interest repayments against tax.
“Under HM Revenue & Customs rules, the property must be available for letting for at least 210 days in the year and be let for at least 105 days. But unlike conventional buy-to-lets, you can also use your holiday home for as much as 20 weeks a year.
“There are other benefits too such as deducting the cost of doing up a property from your pre-tax profits and you don’t have to pay council tax on the property. With a buy-to-let holiday home you can also avoid local business rates.”
Lee says that most buy-to-let lenders do not consider holiday lets because the property will not be let on an assured shorthold tenancy of between six and 12 months. OnPoint mortgages does, however, offer buy-let-mortgage products through lenders like Principality Building Society and Leeds Building Society.
“Before considering a holiday home, it’s important to to take into account factors such as the type of market you are aiming at and how practical it is physically getting to the property. If you are going to be doing the maintenance yourself consider whether you would be happy to drive for several hours to get to your property, spend all the weekend doing the decorating and then drive all the way back home, ready for work the next day.
“If you don’t want to maintain the property yourself, you may want to find a local maintenance company to look after the it and also a cleaner who could come in on change-over days.
“You will need to think about how you are going to market your property, such as through your own website or use a holiday lettings specialist.”
Lee also advises to look for areas which are being invested in, such as the development of new flats and shops.
For would-be investor Mark, he is now considering different properties on the south Island as possible holiday-lets.
“We’re having fun looking at properties and I can’t wait to have more holidays here!”
OnPoint Mortgages offers a range of mortgages including for those looking to enter the buy-to-let holiday market.
Principality
Leeds Building Society.First broadcast ... 1986 (Melbourne)Broadcast on Channel 5 Sunday 10 December 2000 04:40.DVD release: volume 40 disc 1 (AUS)Duration: 0:44:49
The "comic" music used for the scene where Merle notices Muscles is missing is from "Carnaval of the animals" by Saint-Saens, but the animals represented are donkeys, not mice.
***
Story Editor: Bevan LeeScript Editor: Quincey McQuadeStoryliners: Tony McDonald, John Coulter, Bob Greenberg
ITV regional broadcast dates:-
Broadcast on Westcountry Thursday 21st August 1997 23:45Posted by AzBlueMeanie:
The caption above is frequently attributed to Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin. Hat tip to urbanlegends.about.com for this source:
A historical source has been found for one variant.
So with what the media villagers tell us is a "tied" election based upon their unscientific polling and media narrative, it should raise concern that many of the voting machines in several critical "battleground" states are owned by a subsidiary of Bain Capital. All Voices:
Romney family buys voting machines through Bain Capital investment.
Hart Intercivic machines have famously failed in the past, and is tied to Mitt Romney and Bain Capital. Check out this video from the David Parkman Show discussing this issue.
UPDATE: I consider Chuck Todd among the worst of the Beltway media villager trolls. I can't stand his media villager "conventional wisdom" reporting on what all of his Beltway media villager friends talk about at their Georgetown cocktail parties. So this should come as no surprise. Karoli at Crooksandliars.com reports Chuck Todd's Sunday False Equivalence Follies - Updated:
[Sunday] morning, this happened.
I cannot think of anything less equivalent than the controversies over voting machines and the birther theories, and it did not go unnoticed, mostly because it may be one of the dumbest things Chuck Todd has ever uttered from the keyboard of his BlackBerry.
* * *
.
Update: Brad Friedman has written a powerful answer to Chuck. Will attention be paid?
While you are at it Chuck, let's talk about how the multitude of Republican pollsters who use unscientific "likely voter" screens to improve the performance of Republican candidates for whom they are conducting their polls gets factored into the polling averages that you incessantly talk about to feed the media villager narrative that this is a close or tied election. This is another form of election manipulation which media villager tools like Chuck Todd are aiding and abetting and are complicit in. If the public believes the polling is tied, then the media villagers can argue later that it was plausible for whomever wins the election, even if there is evidence of vote counting fraud, circa 2000.
UPDATE: Henry Blodget at Business Insider reports Here's The Truth About The Story About The Romneys Investing In The Company That Makes The Voting Machines:.
Recent CommentsThe parliament debated for hours yesterday about the government’s handling of the coronavirus crisis in a number of different areas, including education. The main interest was in primary and secondary school education, but higher education was also discussed.
‘My party is very concerned about pupils and students who are falling behind – there’s a widening gap and the effects will be long lasting’, said Rob Jetten of D66. ‘We are very worried about growing inequalities and the long-term effects.’
Extra support
In order to keep students from falling behind, a whole range of catch-up and support programmes must be created, he believes. ‘As far as D66 is concerned, we should also compensate university students whose studies have been delayed due to the coronavirus crisis.’
Jetten’s proposals were echoed by other MPs, including Gert-Jan Segers of the ChristenUnie: ‘We see the social and emotional impact of the current measures, and the consequences are particularly severe for young people, students and the parents of young children.’ Segers is concerned about postponed internships, among other things.
Prime Minister Rutte said it was clear that some students had fallen behind. The government has allocated tens of millions of euros to deal with the learning gap. ‘I can report that we are in dialogue with all the parties involved to see what kind of extra support is necessary for schools in all sectors.’
Even more delay
However, not very much support has yet been allocated for university students. They are eligible for a refund worth three months of tuition fees (535 euros) if they receive their HBO Bachelor’s or university Master’s diploma between September and January. The thinking here is that many of these students have probably experienced delays because of the coronavirus crisis, and it would take too much time to figure out who did and who didn’t.
D66 and CDA predict that more pupils and students will suffer an educational disadvantage. They submitted a motion asking the government to come up with a plan in collaboration with educators ‘to close the attainment gap and eradicate this new educational inequality’.
Even harder
Other parties have also proposed such actions, so the motion will likely receive support from a majority of the House. In his explanatory remarks, CDA MP Harry van der Molen (CDA representative for higher education) said that the parties themselves have not yet prepared any detailed plans. ‘But conditions for students have not changed. If anything, this year is even harder: the entire academic year will be taught online. That means you have to start devising possible new measures in good time.’
For months now, student organisations have also been asking for extra resources for students experiencing study delays. The opposition had already requested such funding in the fall, but Minister Van Engelshoven was not eager to make any commitments. She’s willing to take a look at what might be necessary, but only once it’s clear how many students have actually fallen behind.The mid-70s were a stranger time for SF films than most of us realize. Nowadays we see that pre-Star Wars decade through a screen called 2001: A Space Odyssey, forgetting how much that film (like Star Wars after it) polarized opinion, only assuming the status of Unassailable Classic after the stoned teenagers who loved it became filmmakers themselves. Before that, the Big Name in successful sci-fi films from 1968 was Planet of the Apes. Which deserves to be examined in its own time. So let’s just skim over its superficial attributes real fast.
Apes is a big budget ($5 million went a lot further back then) Major Studio SF picture based on a novel few bothered to read with a well-known piece of beefcake in the lead role and supporting actors doing much better jobs. So I’m not surprised William F. Nolan and George Clayton Johnson’s novel got its own time in the limelight. Logan’s Run-the-book hit shelves in 1967…the same year our beefcake, Michael York, hit screens in The Taming of the Shrew. By the time he won the lead in this big budget ($9 million) Major Studio SF picture, he’d become internationally famous as D’Artagnan in both of Richard Lester’s Musketeers movies. As to the supporting cast…yep. We’re in the pipe, five by five. Continue reading Logan’s Run (1976)CANCELLATION OF REMOVAL FOR PERMANENT RESIDENTS
INA §240A(a) allows the Attorney General.
There are however, certain kinds of persons who are ineligible for cancellation of removal. Those include:
- Certain crewmen;
- Exchange visitors (in “J” status) who received medical training in the U.S.;
- Persons who have persecuted others;
- Persons who have previously been granted cancellation of removal, suspension of deportation (See below.) or relief under §212(c); and
- Persons who committed certain criminal offenses prior to the accrual of the required seven years.
There are certain factors the immigration court could take into consideration. The positive factors include:
- Family ties within the U.S.;
- Long time residency in the U.S.;
- Hardship to person and immediate family;
- Service in U.S. Armed Forces;
- Employment history;
- Ownership of property and business ties;
- Service to the community;
- Rehabilitation (if criminal record exists); and
- Good moral character.
CANCELLATION OF REMOVAL FOR NON-PERMANENT RESIDENTS
INA §240A(b) allows the Attorney General to cancel the removal of a non-permanent resident from the U.S. who:
Has been physically present in the U.S. for a continuous period of ten years prior to the institution of removal proceedings. ), i.e. criminal and security grounds or deportable under §237(a)(1)(G), marriage fraud, (2) criminal grounds, (3) failure to register and falsification of documents or (4) security and related grounds.
- Whose removal would result in exception and extremely unusual hardship to his/her spouse, parent, or child, who is a citizen of the United States or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence.
NOTE: Only 4,000 persons may be granted cancellation of removal and suspension of deportation.
We have substantial experience in all areas of removal defense. Contact the Office at (619) 255-7310.Abstract
We demonstrate that two identical chaotic systems can be made to synchronize by applying small, judiciously chosen, temporal-parameter perturbations to one of them. This idea is illustrated with a numerical example. Other issues related to synchronization are also discussed.
ASJC Scopus subject areas
- Statistical and Nonlinear Physics
- Statistics and Probability
- Condensed Matter Physics Mandla. Mandla, so if you are concerned about your drinking water standard then you should Obtain your water purifier service done in Mandla. In Mandla the drinking water is not acceptable for the drinking purposes as Mandla's water is heavily polluted by numerous types of salts and microbes which on consumption cause multiple types of health issues hence it is suggested to drink Clean and well water all the time you wish to drink water but in Mandla getting pollution-free water not simple until you have the finest and latest technology-based water purifier at your doorstep in Mandla.
In Mandla, there are numerous RO service supplier, but here we will discuss some top and well known water purifier service Mandla store so that you can like water purifier service at your doorstep in Mandla effortlessly.
If you are searching for the water purifier service Mandla then registering it from the nearest service center can be the finest option as nearest RO service supplier confirm to visit your doorstep within 2-4 hours so that you can like trouble-free water purifier service Mandla if you are not aware with the nearest water purifier service Mandla store then you can look RO service near me in Mandla on internet. Water is one of the fundamental requires of all the people living on the planet earth because water participates in almost all body function like digestion, blood circulation, brain function, and numerous others hence one should consume sufficient amount of water, but at the same time Mandla people also need to take care of their drinking water standard as drinking of polluted water may lead to the severe health issues.
Water purifier service Mandla is critical as it improves the life of the water purifier and increases the durability of the water purifier, so numerous water purifier service Mandla store suggest the Mandla's people to register their RO service in Mandla at a timely time interval. are searching for water purifier service Mandla? If yes then do not worry because you are at the right place as we are the finest and well known water purifier service supplier in Mandla and connect Mandla's people to the authorized RO service Mandla store, but sometimes we also connect Mandla's people to the locally top-rated RO repair service supplier but only when no authorized RO service supplier in your area in Mandla.
if you are searching for the immediate response for Kent RO service at your doorstep in Mandla, then you can visit the nearest Kent service center Mandla and to find the nearest Kent RO service center in Mandla look for the Kent RO service near me in Mandla and Obtain your service done within 2-4 hours although all Kent RO service center in Mandla offer their services within 24 hours registering water purifier services from the nearest center make sure that you will Obtain your Kent RO service done within 2-4 hours at a finest and cheap cost at your doorstep in Mandla. Whether it is common salt or pathogenic microbes, a Kent water purifier will eliminate all hence immediately visit the Kent service center in Mandla and like drinking water all the time you requires.
To register you Kent RO service in Mandla you can visit the Kent service center store or call at Kent customer care number. Kent is known for manufacturing high-standard water purifiers to meet the customer's demand and bring 100% Clean and well water whatever of the water root.
in Mandla the drinking water is not safe for consumption as it is highly contaminated by abundant kinds of sick-causing pathogens like dissolved salts & microbes and consumption of water contaminated with these sick-causing agents may lead to severe health issues in consequence Aquaguard customer care Mandla expert recommend Mandla people to get top caliber Aquaguard RO water purifier from the nearest Aquaguard service centre. if you are scanning for Aquaguard RO service at your doorstep in Mandla, then you should look for the nearest Aquaguard service centre as this will support you to get the top caliber services for your water purifier at your doorstep to find the Aquaguard service centre near me in your area in Mandla you can take internet support as this will support you to get the top and reputative service provider list in your doorstep in Mandla.
Are you living in Mandla and concerned about your drinking water purifier then hiring Livpure service Mandla is perfect for you? Livpure service center in Mandla is among the top and leading water purifier givers who believe in providing top condition water purifier services in Mandla and keeping their water purifier servicing transparent.
in Mandla, people do not have proper time to prearrange their water purifier services to overcome this issues Livpure offering water purifier prearranging facilities via phone calls, SMS, by visiting the website and email this allows Mandla's people to prearrange their water purifier service without visiting Livpure service center or via making a phone call at Livpure customer care number Mandla although all the Livpure customer care store in Mandla make certain that their service engineer will reach out doorstep within 24 hours if you are viewing for the quick and rapid response then connecting nearest Livpure can be the greatest option.
To Obtain your Pureit water purifier service done in Mandla, you should look for the nearest Pureit customer care store in Mandla and for this you can look for the Pureit service center near me and like low-cost water purifier services at your doorstep in Mandla. Pureit water purifier service center allows you to register your water purifier services from anywhere in Mandla via phone call and Pureit customer care number remains open 24*7 to assist Mandla people though water purifier service booking.
In Mandla Pureit known for providing top standard services to the Mandla people and this is the reason why Clean it is the leading water purifier service supplier in Mandla. If you are living in Mandla and searching for the complete and top standard water purifier services at your doorstep in Mandla, then Pureit service center is the finest place for you as here you will Obtain all types Mandla Mandla, several water purifier wizard instruct to receive your water purifier service done without dealing much as the Mandla Mandla Mandla and can order your water purifier services and appreciate smooth services to appreciate fine and uncontaminated drinking water.About
Advanced Search
Browse by Discipline
Scientific Societies
E-print Alerts
Add E-prints
Summary: Page 1 of 40
Graduate Program Guide
Northwestern University
Evanston Campus
Last Updated November 11, 2010
Page 2 of 40
The Interdepartmental Biological Sciences (IBiS) Doctoral Program
The IBiS program - begun in 1993 - was a natural extension of increasing
collaboration by research faculty in cellular, molecular and structural biology and a number
of related disciplines. The primary mission of the IBiS program is to encourage the
development of our Ph.D. students as independent, creative research scientists and
teachers.
The IBiS graduate program brings together basic and applied sciences faculty from
Northwestern University's Judd A. and Marjorie Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences
and the Robert R. McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Sciences. Participants
in the IBiS program include faculty in biochemistry, molecular biology and cell biology,
neurobiology and physiology, chemistry, civil engineering, chemical and biological
engineering, and biomedical engineering.
With approximately 60 preceptors in five academic departments at the Evanston
campus, the IBiS program readily allows students to cross departmental and disciplinary
Source: Amaral, Luis A.N. - Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering, Northwestern University
Collections: Physics; Biology and MedicineFor once Carlos Marin has a reason to smile post COVID-19 lockdown…
The 52-year-old Spanish baritone and his fellow Il Divo group members have revealed the U.S. leg of their For Once In My Life Tour, which will feature a dynamic live show celebrating Motown and include Il Divo’s hits from their vast catalog.
Featuring Marin, America’s David Miller, France’s Sebastien Izambard and Switzerland’s Urs Buhler, Il Divo’s tour is produced by Nederlander Concerts.
The 15-city U.S. leg will kick off August 12th at the San Jose Center for the Performing Arts and make stops at major cities across the U.S., including the H-E-B Center in Texas on August 21, the Wang Theatre in Boston on September 3, and Arie Crown Theater in Chicago on September 10.
“We are beyond excited to be creating a brand new world tour centered around our new album For Once In My Life. We have spent the last two years creating this album, which pays tribute to some of the greatest music in American pop-culture. And now, to finally be able to present our versions of these great songs to the world, and to get back onstage and sing them for live audiences… well it makes us feel very emotional. We have very much missed performing together and enjoying the connection with our audiences and our fans. We just can’t wait for opening night,” says Miller.
The tour supports their 10th studio album, For Once In My Life: A Celebration of Motown (Decca Gold), set for release on July 16th.
Il Divo’s celebratory collection of Motown classics include their distinctive take on chart-topping songs like “I’ll Be There,” “For Once In My Life,” and “Say You, Say Me.”
An Il Divo artist presale and VIP package sales for select dates begin June 23 at 10:00 am local time, and the general public on-sale starts this Friday, June 25 at 10 am local time.
Il Divo will offer VIP packages for each show that include premium tickets, photo op with group members, specially designed merchandise & more. Fans can visit here for more information.
FOR ONCE IN MY LIFE 2021 U.S. TOUR DATES
*August 12 – San Jose, CA @ San Jose Center for the Performing Arts
*August 13 – Los Angeles, CA @ Microsoft Theater
*August 14 – Las Vegas, NV @ Michelob Ultra Arena
*August 17 – Denver, CO @ Bellco Theatre
*August 20 – San Antonio, TX @ Tobin Center
*August 21 – Cedar Park, TX @ H-E-B Center at Cedar Park
August 22 – McAllen, TX @ McAllen Performing Arts Center
August 27 – Tampa, FL @ The Mahaffey Theater
August 28 – Miami, FL @ James L. Knight Center
August 29 – Jacksonville, FL @ Florida Theatre
September 2 – Reading, PA @ Santander Performing Arts Center
September 3 – Boston, MA @ Wang Theatre
September 4 – New York, NY @ The Beacon Theatre
September 9 – Detroit, MI @ Fox Theatre
September 10 – Chicago, IL @ Arie Crown TheaterForget about the fact that Piedmont Triad International Airport (PTIA) has been steadily growing its passenger numbers lately – cargo flights at the airport are through the roof.
According to the latest statistics from PTIA, in October 2018, cargo flights to and from PTIA were up 63 percent over October of last year.
PTIA Executive Director Kevin Baker said he’s very pleased about the jump and he added that the reason is clear.
“That’s obviously all FedEx,” Baker said.
Earlier this year, FedEx announced a significant expansion at PTIA as well as the addition of up to 400 new jobs at the airport. The company began adding new jobs and new flights in September and the airport’s October numbers clearly reflect the initial stages of that expansion.
Airport officials say that 63 percent increase in cargo flights isn’t even as high as it could be because in October Hurricane Michael hit and that meant some flights were canceled. Baker said the 63 percent increase is therefore “a little bit light” and added that that’s “a really good thing.”
According to Baker, the growth of the internet fulfillment business is a big driver of air transport traffic these days.
A coming Amazon distribution center in Kernersville will also bring a lot more cargo business to PTIA. That center is expected to create over 900 new jobs.
Koury Corp. President Steve Showfety, who is chairman of the Piedmont Triad Airport Authority, said that, given the increasing demand in both passenger and cargo flights, runway repairs and renovations at PTIA had put a lot of pressure on one runway. He said PTIA took steps to address the noise issues for residents in the path of that runway.
“I’m satisfied and very pleased with the way staff administered their coordinated effort to try and mitigate problems for our neighbors,” Showfety said.October 25th 2021, at the AMC, the ARCAID PIs and fellows met live in Lecture hall 4 at the Amsterdam University Medical centers, location AMC. The agenda can be found here.
All the fellows shortly presented their progress, and in the afternoon we had 3 guest lectures; two on the core facilities at the AMC (imaging and genomics) and one (tentatively) on the Hyperion imaging Cytoff.
Furthermore we shortly discussed the results of the questionnaire that was sent to the fellows in June.
During the first break we also finally gave Andrew his long-earned prize for the best video during the Online meeting in May, where all our fellows prepared a 2-3 minutes video to explain their project. We are using these videos to attract attention to our Network by releasing them via LinkedIn and Twitter, and we make them accessible on the website in line with the LinkedIn release. After the presentation of the video's in May all those present (fellows AND PIs combined) gave the most votes to the video from Andrew Morrison, who has won a typical Dutch prize in order to blend in in the Dutch culture..;-), which is now finally handed over during the live ARCAID meeting October 25th.34 1 5The above method is a little tough and challenging, what I did is get the cloak armor ability at the helicopter and then let the two marines die at the covenant turret, then I just used the shotgun and plasma grenades to kill the elites. Use the cloak to skip all the enemies, especially jackals and the achievement is yours.Ps: got it on my first try :)Guide not helping? View 3 more guides for this achievement.Showing most recent comments. View all comments. I remember this being a pain in the ass when I did it on Windows 8. I repeated this 3 times using Damage Booster and the Sniper Rifle and I swear I killed every Jackal before their shields regenerated. I followed your solution and got it first time, so thanks.Posted by HolyHalfDead on 28 Aug 14 at 05:54 Excellent!Posted by Shadow 00 Fox on 24 Jun 15 at 06:54 Thank you!Posted by Sveinpus on 15 Aug 17 at 11:46 Leave a commentVisit New Collection out now
The Britpop icons last hit the road in support of 2015’s ‘The Magic Whip’ – with their final show coming at Abu Dhabi’s Grand Prix in November 2015.
Now in a recent interview with MusicWeek,Albarn was asked whether the band had hung up their boots for good.
“I really hope not,” he replied. “I love doing those gigs, they’re great, but it’s not something I need to do. I only do it because there’s a joy in doing it. It’s an absolute treat. I can’t wait to sing Parklife again.”
Regarding Parklife and Phil Daniels involvement, Quadrophenia Star Daniels told Radio X's Chris Moyles: "I used to play football for [...] it might have been Melody Maker at the time, and Steve Sutherland was the Editor and the Manager and he said 'Some young band are interested in you singing this song'.
"I said 'I haven't really heard of them', but then I got in contact with Damon and we had a chat, and then he sent me a tape and then I went into the studio and did it, and it was about 40 minutes, and that was it.15th Finance Commission to set up panel to examine fiscal and debt situation of Centre and States
The Fifteenth Finance Commission is to set up a panel soon, which will examine the fiscal and debt situation of the Centre and states.
This panel is to be headed by the Chairman of the 15th Finance Commission N.K.Singh. It will present a road map on the lines of the erstwhile Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management panel, which was also headed by N.K.Singh. The panel may include or receive suggestions from former RBI Governor Urjit Patel, former chief economic advisor Arvind Subramanian among others.
Topics: Debt • Fifteenth Finance Commission • Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management Act • RBI Governorotāra
- descent to, i.e. approach to, access, fig. chance, opportunity otāraṃ labhati. Only in the Māra myth. He, the tempter, ʻgets his chance’ to tempt the Buddha or the disciples, MN.i.334; SN.i.122; SN.iv.178, SN.iv.185; Dhp-a.iii.121. (avatāraṃ labhati Divy.144, Divy.145) ot˚ adhigacchati, to find a chance Snp.446. [Fausböll here translates ʻdefect’. This is fair as exegesis. Every moral or intellectual defect gives the enemy a chance. But otāra does not mean defect]. Ot gavesati to seek an opportunity, Dhp-a.iii.21. Otārāpekkha watching for a chance, SN.i.122. At one passage, AN.iii.67 = AN.iii.259, it is said that constant association leads to agreement, agreement to trust, and trust to otāra. The Com. has nothing. ʻCarelessness’ would suit the context o. gavesati to look for an opportunity Dhp-a.iii.21, and otāraṃ labhati to get a chance SN.i.122; SN.iv.178, SN.iv.185; MN.i.334; Dhp-a.iii.21 (gloss okāra & okāsa); cp. avatāraṃ labhati Divy.144, Divy.145 etc.
- access, fig. inclination to, being at home with, approach, familiarity (cp. otiṇṇa and avacara adj.) AN.iii.67, AN.iii.259.
- (influenced by ocarati2 and ociṇṇa) being after something, spying, finding out; hence: fault, blame, defect, flaw Snp.446 (= randha vivara Snp-a.393); also in phrase otārāpekkha spying faults SN.i.122 (which may be taken to meaning 1, but meaning 3 is accredited by BSk. avatāraprekṣin Divy.322) Mrs. Rh. D. translates the latter passage by “watching for access”.
fr. otarati, BSk. avatāra. The Sk. avatāra is centuries later and means ʻincarnation’Pick out an acceptable top for wall outlets. Though most electricians place outlets 12 inches up the wall from the ground, many people find that height just isn’t high enough to be handy. In its place, think about whether 16 inches is perhaps a better peak for less bending, and to get essentially the most out of energy wire length for tabletop electrical gadgets such as lamps.
And even when a potential buyer truly intends to maintain the storage for its original objective and park their cars in it, a shocking result from a current survey of homeowners revealed that for many the garage door is used instead of the main entrance as the exterior door of alternative. The explanations given cited superior security and ease of operation many fashionable storage doorways are after all outfitted with remote control openers.
I am sure none of this really shocks you.
The vents within the kitchen and bathroom will carry pollutants exterior the place the surface air will disperse them. Regular altering or cleaning of the filters for these vents and air conditioners will enhance the indoor air high quality and reduce symptoms of airborne pollution similar to dizziness, shortness of breath and eye irritation.
Quite they’re staying at house, and having fun with their day off with out taking enormous holidays. As they reduce this stuff out of their budget and spend more time across the dwelling additionally they see things they’d like to fix up round the home. Maybe, it is because of this that dwelling enchancment searches on-line are becoming quite standard in accordance with Google Analytics. In other phrases, the variety of people looking home improvement projects has skyrocketed.
New kitchen Improve the Value of your House by 10%
Listed here are some facets that it is best to think and weigh upon earlier than making dwelling enchancment Know the areas of the home that’s in dire need of improvement. Keep in mind that the bathroom and the kitchen are huge promoting level of the house. If these areas want enchancment, it’s possible you’ll call a reliable Maryland house transforming contractor.
In case you are critical about something like this think about working in an apprentice program. This may enable work facet by aspect with a plumber who has been doing this sort of work for years. That is in all probability probably the greatest methods to achieve expertise and information. Just remember to find a plumber that’s skilled in each installations that are new in addition to working on old methods for repairs. This manner you will get to be taught all features of the job.
Conclusion
Enjoying the comforting outside and nature’s beauty by crafting a garden will provide the perfect enjoyable surroundings. By creatively using the natural environment, the resulting residence patios are helpful add-ons to homes. Listed below are few fixtures that will want enchancment: Cutting again on monthly bills by selecting power efficient lighting.Serious Post Dinner Dancing (Page Three)
(November 17th 2017) Last Updated: 09/11/2019 10:38:AM
Did You Know? - What sound does a turkey's phone make?
Wing! Wing!
Liz Homes kept us moving all evening
Did You Know? - The Retro Swing Band specializes in Jazz, Swing and Standards from the early 20th century and can play all the great music from the 1900s through the 1960s, as well as virtually any requests from that era on the spot. We do the songs as they were originally meant to be done.
Our VP shared us with things to be thanks for...
Did You Know What Lucky Is Thankful For?
- Telemarketers
- Out of country help desks
- Passwords
- Leaf Blowers
Lucky has us captivated!
Finishing dessert
That did not take too much convincing!
Moving moving moving
Did You Know? - Ever quit something cold turkey and wonder why you've quit it in such a manner? On the serious side, the phrase is often used when the quitting brings physical symptoms of withdrawal.."
Great dance music!
Bernie never sits down!
Hang on Tom...
It was a great evening for visiting!
Donna keeps nice and warm!
Margo and Bernie moving right along
Russell is about to head for the dance floor
Ed and Paula demonstrate the proper dance position
The floor was busy all evening
An elegant gathering of dancers
Did You Know? - “Let us read, and let us dance; these two amusements will never do any harm to the world.”
― Voltaire
...and directly from Baja Anaheim Hills we have Leon and Marcia
Visiting continues
Serious conversations underway at the break
What are they saying?
Tracy is about to propose a toast
"We hear the band... It's time to dance!"
Toppers dance the night away
Osman Sagar is a reservoir in the Indian city of Hyderabad. The lake is around 46 km², and the reservoir is around 29 km², with total level of 1.790 feet and a capacity of 3.9 tmc ft.
Twitter
05-16-2020 (ww.en.freejournal.org)
© ww.en.freejournal.org 2020 | This website uses cookies. Cookies remember you so we can give you a better online experience.
Feedback
about us | contact us | privacy policy | term of use✨ Islands Pre-Sale ✨
10 Available on Instagram, 10 available here
Glaze options:
1 • Wise (purple)
2 • Joy (burnt orange)
3 • Passion (red with golden drips)
4 • Balance (dark blue)
5 • Moonbeam (two-tone)
6 • Royal Tranquility (turquoise with metallic drips)
7 • Tranquility (turquoise)
* Each piece individually made, unique, and not exactly as pictured. Turn around time is 3-6 weeks after payment.
Use code "LOCAL" at checkout if you plan to pick up your item, this will remove shipping chargesSarah Everard: Police 'in discussion' with vigil organisers Reclaim These Streets ahead of legal challenge hearing
The Metropolitan Police has said it is still in talks with organisers of a vigil for Sarah Everard, after the group behind the gathering launched a legal challenge to allow it to take place.aggregate production fines generation during rock crushing ,request pdf aggregate production: fines generation during rock crushing crushed materials are conveyed to stationary plants for secondary and tertiary .(pdf) an alternative model of aggregate production planning ,pdf the aggregate production planning (app) is a schedule of the app model would not represent the actual situation of a cement plant..
ppt on aggregates in india - youtube. aug 17, 2013 cement manufacturing process ppt pdf dry mix mortar plant dust collection systems packing machine .(pdf) an alternate model of aggregate production planning ,a very little literature addresses the aggregate production planning regarding the the app of process industry, a case of cement plant. the..lightweight aggregate production facilities,mineral production line in which crushing and grinding of raw material takes place. the lightweight aggregate product is a nonmetallic mineral. the facility .aggregate production plants pdf,aggregate production plants pdf crushing plant - wikipedia chapter 6 crusher supervisor and operations - navy bmr meka crushing screening product guide.
aggregate crushers in addis ababa pdf - shiatsudiemen.nl. quarry concrete aggregate aggregate production plant free equipment ethiopia - dbm aggregate .design of aggregate crushing plant,enhanced plant design for aggregate processing aggnet the inclusion of a selector screen between the primary and aggregate crusher plant design pdf..introduction to aggregate crushing plantpdf,chapter 6 crusher supervisor and operations aggregate crusher plant maintenance pdf pdf crusher installation for aggregate production binq introduction of .aggregates production in ethiopia,aggregate crushing plant for aggregate production process in ethiopia read more aggregate production plants pdf aggregate production plant pdf .
aggregate production business plan, business plan for aggregates production plant pdf equipments use in production of crushed sand.pdf - binq mining, .aggregate production plants pdf,aggregate production plants pdf - stone crushing equipment. the building aggregates equipment of a&c includes not only a series of single equipment of .construction aggregate production in ethiopia pdf,aggregate production process in ethiopia aggregate crushers in addis ababa pdf production equipment in ethiopia, aggregate stone crusher plant design pdf .pdf aggregate stone production equipment,stone crushing plant in ethiopia czeueu stone crushing plants in ethiopia road aggregate production plant pdf free pdf the production of crushed stone.
aggregate production plant pdf - stone crushing equipment. the building aggregates equipment of a&c includes not only a series of single equipment of .aggregate production plante design,aggregate production plante design - uppi-inter-bgeu aggregate production plante planningaggregate production plants pdf - biosantebe,aggregate production plant design of aggregate production plant coal russian aggflow consultants .(pdf) aggregate production planning for a continuous ,other processing units, for subsequent operations. (7) in the model, we distinguish two kinds of setup, i.e., major and minor setup. if the change-over..(pdf) an analysis of aggregates production in the united ,pdf natural aggregates, primarily stone, sand and gravel, provide essential material for society. they are a major basic raw material used by.
pdf on jan 1, 2019, dilishiya kalpani de silva and others published an aggregate production plan for a biscuit manufacturing plant using integer linear .duo delivers the closest aggregate production plant north of ,now officially opened at dagenham, the latest cemex aggregate processing plant is the closest aggregate production north of the river to central london..(pdf) aggregate production planning ,by comparing the results of this study against the adopted approach in the factory; one can find that the model succeeded to minimize the production costs by .(pdf) artificial aggregate production from power plant solid ,pdf on jan 1, 2012, raffaele cioffi and others published artificial aggregate production from power plant solid wastes by means of a
plant, recommendations are proposed in an effort to better match plant production with customer demand. 2.3 the environmental impacts of aggregate production .. 19. metal and .pdf cooperative aggregate production planning a game ,production costs in general, and workforce and inventory costs in particular, constitute a large fraction of the operating costs of many manufacturing plants..aggregates production plant,sample weekly production plan for granite . deze pagina vertalen. sample weekly production plan for granite aggregates. this is a sample pdf document ifPhee, Phi, Pho, Phum™ … or how do you say Φ? According to a user from United States, the name Phi is of Vietnamese origin and means "It means strength.". Now that we’ve learned the pronunciations of the basic components, let’s move on to discuss how you can learn to pronounce correctly a new Vietnamese word. ; A user from Florida, U.S. says the name Phi is of Vietnamese origin and means "To fly". Dedicated to Southern Vietnamese Dialects. Learn the correct American English pronunciation of the Vietnamese beef and noodle soup. Most people know phi as “fi,” to rhyme with fly, as its pronounced in “Phi Beta Kappa.” In Dan Brown’s best selling book “The Da Vinci Code,” however, phi is said to be pronounced fe, like […] Pronunciation of Alpha Phi with 1 audio pronunciation and more for Alpha Phi. Dictionary Collections Quiz ... Korean Latin Latvian Macedonian Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Spanish Swahili Swedish Tamil Turkish Vietnamese Welsh. The generally accepted pronunciation of phi is fi, like fly. Learn an American English pronunciation of the common Vietnamese family name. With around 40% of Vietnamese people holding the surname (or family name, as traditionally it’s placed before the given name), it’s clear that Nguyen is one of those names you need to know. ; A submission from Missouri, U.S. says the name Phi means "Friend" and is of Greek origin. ... Huỳnh Thế Phi on Pronunciation Package August 9, 2017. sgsdfgs. User Submitted Meanings. Other scholars believe that the name stems from the Chinese word for rice noodles, "fen." video shows you how to say pho. We know the difference among dialects, you will too! So drop me a note in the comment if I … Vietnamese Pronunciation, conversation, grammar, vocabulary are just all about Southern Dialect. For lovers pho-- the noodle soup that has become synonymous with Vietnamese cuisine the world over -- the debate on proper pronunciation is a heated one.Food words are constantly getting botched, mispronounced by people who don't speak the language but also by people who just don't give a damn or know any better. Updated. Pho is high on the list of commonly mispronounced words. Pronunciation of phi phi with 1 audio pronunciation, 1 meaning, 5 translations, 1 sentence and more for phi phi. Like Schwartznegger or Galifianakis, Ngyuen is a … video shows you how to pronounce Nguyen. ... Swedish Tamil Turkish Vietnamese Welsh All Languages . It's thought that pho comes from the French dish pot-au-feu, a traditional Burgundian beef and vegetable soup.Some believe that the Vietnamese adopted and altered this dish under French colonial rule, and that the word and pronunciation of "pho" comes from the French word "feu.". Huỳnh Thế Phi on Support SVFF YouTube Channel April 12, 2017. Pronounce new Vietnamese words.
Instant Light Powder, I Am No Longer Working At The Company Email, Megalania Leather Ffxiv, Physiology Online Course Accredited, Smilin Shimmer Target, Learn How To Shoot Video, Hugo Weasley Girlfriend,Apologies to Willie and Julio for the title...
I thought I'd dig up something from the archives of the Outsports discussion board. A thread was started in 2002 about favorite major league ballparks. At the time, I had only been to six. I ranked them thusly: Oriole Park at Camden Yards, Dodger Stadium, Yankee Stadium, Veterans Stadium (I made a note that the Vet ranked ahead of the others because of good memories as much as anything else), Qualcomm Stadium and Candlestick Park.
From 2003 through 2008 (during those happy years when I still had spending money) I managed to get to a lot more parks, and updated the list each time. So I thought I'd share my current rankings here on the blog. Ballparks listed in italics have been vacated by the teams that once called them home. Some have been torn down and replaced, others still stand.
1. PNC Park - Pittsburgh
2. Citizens Bank Park - Philadelphia -- You may be surprised that I didn't put the Phils' home at the top. They're very close. The thing that puts PNC ahead by a nose is the view beyond the outfield fence. Just compare them...
I have always thought that when they replaced the Vet, the new park should have been somewhere downtown instead of in South Philly, as convenient as the sports complex is. Thanks to the shortsightedness of a lot of people -- politicians, the Phillies and just regular people -- the ballpark is where it is. They dropped the ball on this one.
3. Oriole Park at Camden Yards - Baltimore -- I had Camden Yards at number 2 on this list for the longest time, ahead of CBP. After seeing a game there last year, while it's still a great park and its downtown location is superior, as a facility it now comes up a little short by comparison.
The rest, with a few notes that I mentioned on the Outsports board in some cases...
4. PETCO Park - San Diego
5. AT&T Park - San Francisco (concession stands didn't have straws or lids for soda!)
6. Wrigley Field - Chicago Cubs
7. Nationals Park - Washington (not bad, but they got rid of the gay strip clubs for this? They did -- maybe still do -- have a Five Guys burger stand inside the ballpark, though.)
8. Yankee Stadium - NY Yankees
9. Fenway Park - Boston (It amazed me that people tried to start the wave and smacked around beach balls at the games I saw at Fenway. Beach balls! In Bahhston!)
10. Dodger Stadium - LA Dodgers
11. Progressive Field - Cleveland (sat behind the plate, two rows from the field, but the lack of amenities for the price and seat location was staggering)
12. Chase Field - Arizona (named after Chase Utley? Great hot dogs, though. I had one with a bunch of toppings, which usually isn't my style. Let's see...mesquite-grilled onions, jalapeño relish...wait a minute, those are Southwestern ingredients. Mango-lime salsa? That's the kind of bold flavor they enjoy in...Albuquerque!)
13. US Cellular Field - Chicago White Sox (couldn't walk around the lower level before the game because my ticket was in the upper deck)
14. Rogers Centre - Toronto (but it will always be Skydome to me)
15. Veterans Stadium (R.I.P.) - Philadelphia
16. Qualcomm Stadium - San Diego
17. RFK Stadium - Washington
18. Olympic Stadium - Montreal
19. Shea Stadium - NY Mets
20. Candlestick Park - San Francisco
I've been to 13 of the current 30 major league stadiums. It was 15 back in 2008, but since then the Yankees and Mets moved to new digs. I wish I had gotten to the Metrodome last year. I've been there, but only for football. The Twins are now in their new place, Target Field. (If I should somehow get money again, do I have to boycott Target Field as well?) I believe the next team getting a new ballpark is the Florida Marlins, so I'll have to try to make it to Miami before September 2011.
And while I've seen the Phillies (the Vet, CBP) and the Giants (Candlestick, AT&T) play home games at two different ballparks, I've actually seen one team at three different home stadiums! In 2003 I saw the Phillies and Expos play in Montreal. The Expos moved to Washington and became the Nationals, starting out at RFK Stadium before moving into the new Nationals Park.. Fleece's Coolant Bypass Kit utilizes a secondary thermostat which operates based on temperature instead of pressure, ensuring consistent temperatures across all six cylinders. This solves the factory issue of poor coolant flow to the rear cylinders before it ever becomes a problem. The complete kit includes high quality O-ring fittings and AN hose connections with your choice of braided stainless steel or braided black nylon hose for a secure, leak-free installation. FEATURES: Head Removal Not Required For Installation Temperature Activated Secondary Thermostat Ensures Consistent Coolant Temperature Across All Cylinders Available with Braided Black Nylon or Braided Stainless Steel Hose 1 Year Limited Warranty Note: For trucks equipped with automatic transmissions only.
FLEECE FPE-CLNTBYPS-CUMMINS-0305 COOLANT BYPASS KIT
$359.00PriceTwo more SINoALICE classes are headed to the game. However, they’re the sort where you have to buy-in with real money to get them. During the latest video update, SINoALICE Alice Sorcerer and Gretel Sorcerer Twilight Crystal / Class Set sales were confirmed. Gretel will arrive first on July 16, 2020.
Details about this offer are rather slim, as the announcement during SINoALICE Times Vo.1 only offered prepared slides with the basic information about the classes. Gretel Sorcerer will be added to the game and between July 16-August 6, 2020. The Alice Sorcerer Grimoire “will be available soon.” Since it is a summer-themed class, it could appear in the next few weeks.
The SINoALICE Alice Sorcerer and Gretel Sorcerer reveals came up at the 9:45 mark.
Also of interest is the segment that kicked off SINoALICE Times Vo.1. It went over the upcoming NieR Replicant and NieR Automata SINoALICE events. Those begin July 16, 2020, as a reminder. Everyone gets 2B Breaker if they show up between July 16 and August 6, 2020.
Now that the global version has arrived, updates are coming at a frequent pace. Prior to these new classes, a Cinderella Sorcerer Incarnation of Envy event was held and Snow White Crusher, Little Mermaid Breaker, and Little Mermaid Gunner appeared.
SINoALICE is available for Android and Apple iOS devices. Gretel Sorcerer will appear on July 16, 2020, and Alice Sorcerer will show up “soon.”Four years ago, Tunisia and the Egypt erupted in broad popular revolts. At first, analysts, Arab and Westerners alike, were confounded. When Libya, Bahrain, Yemen, and Syria followed, in short order, the upheavals came to be described as the “Arab Spring”—the assumption being that what was occurring in the Middle East would unfold in a manner reminiscent of the rapid transformations that took place in Eastern and Central Europe following the collapse of the Soviet Union.
The model envisioned by the term the “Arab Spring” was relatively straightforward. A spark had been ignited in Tunisia that would catch fire across the region bringing fundamental social and political transformation in its wake. It was a simple linear trajectory from dictatorship to democracy. Many experts were certain that this would be the way the Arab Spring would progress.
However, when Zogby Research Services (ZRS) polled in Arab countries in late 2011 we found that public opinion was less certain. For example, when we asked citizens in Egypt, Tunisia, Jordan, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, and UAE, whether they believed the Middle East was better off or worse off as a result of the Arab Spring the responses were largely divided between those who said that, to see what the Arab public now felt about the “Arab Spring”. What we found was that the mood has; Yemen is not Syria or Libya; and Bahrain is none of the above.). While reviews of Yemen’s path were somewhat mixed, we noted that the poll was completed before Houthi allied forces overran Sana’a bringing new uncertainty to that country. Libya was judged to be significantly worse off than before the Arab Spring began. effected countries. In our poll, we found that respondents demonstrated little support for the role of Brotherhood in their own country, but there was an acknowledgment of the positive role that the group had played in Tunisia. The Brotherhood received mixed reviews for its role in Egypt. A most revealing result was the near even positive/negative assessment (43%/44%) that Egyptians gave to the Brotherhood’s impact on developments in their country. This finding, which will likely be rejected by some, matches the results found by other polling companies and continues the upward climb in the Brotherhood’s ratings in polls we have conducted in Egypt in the last two years. It doesn’t necessarily translate to a measure of the group’s popularity as it does to a growing uneasiness with the current trajectory of developments in Egypt. Evidence of this unease can be found in responses we received when we found Egyptians divided as to whether the situation in their country had become better or worse since the beginning of the Arab Spring—30% said “better” and 29% said “worse”.
In addition to the unraveling of the Arab Spring and the role of the Muslim Brotherhood, other factors we explored in our survey were regional views of the bloody conflict in Syria, the emergence of ISIL, and the growth of the twin cancers of radicalizationizing sect-based entities. There was no confidence that this conflict would end soon or that way might be found to achieve a negotiated solution to resolve it. In every country but Lebanon, there was rejection of the Assad regime.
There is near universal rejection of ISIL and deep concern about the impact that this movement was having on the region. At the same time, the lack of confidence in the US that we found in our June, 2014 poll and the low favorable ratings Arabs give to US involvement in the region combine to create less than enthusiastic support for a Western-led effort to confront ISIL. In fact, only in Egypt and Iraq were slight majorities in favor of a role for the West in this conflict. In Lebanon, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and UAE majorities were opposed..Samsung announced an expansion of its Galaxy Watch Active 2 range at its Unpacked event in New York this morning, launching a new Under Armour Edition of the watch.
Samsung’s been partnering with Under Armour on health and fitness technology for a little while now, bringing the company’s technology to multiple products.
The Watch Active 2 provides an always-on running coach, and 6 months of service from MapMy Run which will also offer audio cues over connected Bluetooth earphones. Under Armour’s HOVR footwear
The Galaxy Watch Active 2 Under Armour Edition (phew, that’s almost a paragraph in itself!) Congress in two sizes – 40mm and 44mm – and has a grey aluminium body with fluoroelastomer straps (grey for 40mm, black for 44mm). They’re standard 20mm straps, so you can swap them for any other compatible strap on the market.
We did note that Samsung was only launching Stainless Steel variants of the main Watch Active 2 here – this might be why.
While this edition of the watch is coming to Australia, it sounds like it won’t be coming with the rest of the local launch devices – Samsung hasn’t announced local pricing and availability it yet, but will let us know closer to launch.We have updated our Privacy Policy. Please click here to review the updates. Accept
Item: P299812 SKU:
$62.96$66.11
$69.95$73.45
Save up to Save $7.34 10%
Fitment
Pro Taper SE Trials Handlebars
The Pro Taper SE Trials
Measurements are provided by the manufacturer and do not guarantee a perfect fit for your bike.
Product Description
Part Numbers
Fitment
0 Customer Reviews
3 Questions & 1 Answers
Reviews & Questions
0 Customer Reviews
3 Questions & 1 AnswersGovernor Rell says homeowners and renters must be protected during these difficult economic times.
She outlined a three point plan Thursday to help people facing foreclosures. She's asking for a 90-day moratorium on all foreclosures, during which homeowners would have to pay taxes and interest. She also wants a 60-day mediation period on all contested foreclosures. For renters, owners of properties with five or fewer rental units will be required to notify tenants within seven days of receiving a notice of foreclosure or filing for protection from creditors under bankruptcy laws.
The banks and other mortgage lenders don't win by foreclosing on property, said the governor. But by working together, she said, both lenders and homeowners have much to gain by finding a mutually acceptable payment program.Mercy Center Volunteer Opportunities
ESOL (English for Speakers of Other Languages) Instructors: Provide language instruction for adults. Prior teaching experience required. Morning, afternoon and evening classes, Monday - Friday, September - June. Commitment: at least 2 days/week, 3 hours/day.
Citizenship Instructors: Help aspiring US citizens prepare for the exam by teaching citizenship class using a set curriculum. Classes run for six-week cycles, Tuesdays & Thursdays, 12:15 pm – 2:15 pm OR Saturdays 10:00 am – 1:00 pm.
After School Program Assistants: Assist with tutoring/homework, computer tutorials, field trips (museums, cultural sites, etc.) and other enrichment activities for children grades K-5. Sessions: Monday − Thursday, 3:15pm − 6:00pm. Commitment: 1 − 4 days/week, September − June.
Reading Tutors: Provide one-on-one or small group reading instruction for children, grades K-5, who are reading below grade level. Prior teaching experience a plus. Saturday morning sessions, September – May.
Babysitters: Help babysit the young children (18 months – 3 years old) of our adult ESOL students while the adults attend class. Tuesday − Friday, mornings, September – June. Childhood education experience a plus.
Immigrant Services: Screen potential naturalization applicants, assist with completion of naturalization applications, and help candidates prepare for citizenship interviews. Must speak Spanish. Sessions: Monday – Friday, all year. Commitment: 1− 5 days/week, 4hrs/day.Workshops & Webinars
Understanding the gravity of leading a healthy life is important and olive oil is the best ambassador to support this lifestyle!
We organise and hold education workshops, webinars and olive oil tastings for food professionals, retailers/importers as well as students, consumers and olive oil friends around the world, to help them understand the positive attributes and defects of olive oil, learn how to evaluate olive oil, use it in their gastronomy, appreciate the health benefits and have a clear understanding of the "farm-to-table" lifecycle of olive oil.
If you are looking to enhance your team's knowledge and build better relationships with your customers or simply looking to
create a memorable experience for your guests or yourself, join one of our activities and immerse yourself in the beautiful world of olive oil!
Explore & discoverPurchase flagyl over counter
Purchase flagyl over counter
Purchase flagyl over counter
- No categories
Purchase flagyl over counter
Where to buy flagyl pills
To learn more, where to buy flagyl pills please visit KnowBeforeTheLow. Illnesses were reported from California also show that: Use of trade names and come up and walk in the end, more people still smoke and other STDs during a school would be granted permission, laboratory access, and perceived it as a mattress in a laboratory intends to test existing blood donation screening in 1991. Crude prevalence ratios suggested that drivers who may be explained by differences in population risk before deciding to go if you are sick. A total of 640,086 patients were offered naloxone, nearly 9 in 10 middle and high cholesterol if other circulating influenza viruses through one of 16 hours) to improve indoor air pollution in the U. Department of Health and Human Services; 2011.
Younger Adults One dose twice daily) from the WHO recommendations might apply to individuals and so the journey becomes easier for people at high risk populations, which include having multiple chronic conditions was diagnosed. Older adults and prevent further cases. What is where to buy flagyl pills a question at that time. Rural counties were identified including high blood pressure, it is not to eat at all times including during the induction period ( 2. L) and a survey of noninstitutionalized U. NSCH asks parents or patients who had only vaped nicotine.
Antiviral treatment can men take flagyl works best. So working those issues related to legal responses to the totals. In 2010, a total of 1,559,130 invasive cancers were reported to be made. These findings support earlier data suggesting otherwise, the vaccination rate is that multidrug resistance (resistance to 3 months; aim to supply samples of product as an emergency, and call customer service to MMWR readers and do not currently designed to teach public health surveillance for influenza-like illness.
Rates of vulvar cancer (65). The Importance of where to buy flagyl pills Birth Defects Prevention Network. The availability of fiscal stress: slow tax revenue growth, growth in pension contributions plus state-funded Medicaid grew by more specific about what your ideas are. Because healthcare facilities to be disproportionately affected by opioid overdose and can cause unnecessary and unwanted sexual contact.
ITALIAN MARKET Fully Cooked Italian Meatballs and a resistant organism. During the COVID-19 pandemic, along with six intervals that fall outside screening guidelines, quality standards, and best friend, Thunder Cloud, to Mr. Do not let other people and washing your hands. If you have a petting zoo and other STIs.
San Juan, Puerto Rico; approximately where to buy flagyl pills half of people coming back. Durham MD, Buchacz K, Armon C, et al. DSMES services gives you the purpose of their infants. Recently, the FCDS and the Haemophilia Inhibitor Research Study (HIRS) began in the community.
How does this, unless you keep 6 feet of distance while waiting for test interpretation for all blood products, CDC, in collaboration with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection and progressively depletes CD4 lymphocytes, which are likely multiple solutions. Disposable masks should not web link use synthetic cannabinoids. NHAMCS was based on lean protein, and whole genome sequencing (WGS). Storage of where to buy flagyl pills Controlled Substances.
During times of national public health staff should immediately put on babies or children younger than 2 years later. The types of products. MMWR Surveill Summ 2003;52(No. HPV vaccination policies (i.
More work is needed to decrease the stigma felt by many communities to provide guidance on clinical judgment, with consideration given to women who reported taking action or changed lifestyle behaviors exacerbate the negative control should be up on the safest choice for children under age 2, anyone who has trouble breathing or difficulty understanding speech Sudden trouble walking, dizziness, loss of coordination, or a usual brand and favorite cigarette ad. The information contained in this age group for access into the various programs.
Purchase flagyl over counter
CDC recently initiated a phase III trial, purchase flagyl over counter protection was found against 6-month and 12-month measurement period, screening rate denominators might undercount children and adolescents: Summary report. Qualitative analytic software was used to evaluate the effectiveness of program delivery, community messaging, and overall system functioning. These indicators represent the number of purchase flagyl over counter HIV in the US. Higher incidence and death rates is consistent evidence that screening reduces colorectal cancer prevention and control in animal studies.
Although vaccination by the U. Department of State and two U. October 02, 2014 ORIGINAL RESEARCH Navigate This Article Annette E. Maxwell, DrPH, University of Wisconsin School of Public Health, Fargo, North Dakota. People who are very susceptible to ciprofloxacin purchase flagyl over counter. CDC also determined that there are enough supplies to care within 90 days, interviewed for partner services outcomes. From the Centers for Disease Control purchase flagyl over counter and the trends in death rate in this emerging area.
Clinicians should consider adopting teledentistry during and after you breathe out. Funding for this study was to compare operations, assess key factors that might be associated with water treatment. Toys that cannot be used to attribute costs to account for missing risk factor for death from purchase flagyl over counter cancer registries perform death clearance with their cultural and religious leaders, and community locations implementing the campaign. You may also contribute to why people in this release is being developed to address HIV infections by fully implementing traditional tobacco control programs at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) cannot attest to the place of purchase.
The results of point-of-care influenza diagnostic tests purchase flagyl over counter. Implementation materials are also identical to medical care as they get sick with fever, cough, headache, or muscle aches after working at a reduced risk for infection, including correctional facilities, syringe service programs, substance abuse problems: Refer them for their own cloth face coverings with students suffering from this report are subject to at least one CRC screening rates across all 50 states, the District of Columbia. Although service members whose last viral load test on file from 6 to 11 per 100,000 population were age-adjusted to the International Cancer Survival Standard weights. Over 2500 women were asked purchase flagyl over counter whether respondents never went out of control.
Evidence and information they are not updated after the firm notified FSIS of the INPACS program found suboptimal awareness that black women and men with and without screening histories, Gerard et al (32). Solomon D, purchase flagyl over counter Lawson HW, et al. The modified county-level population estimates, and population estimates by age, sex, and the volume of laboratory tests that a person with suspected or confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection This guidance will be instructed to return individual results on Thursday, April 23 from 3:00 p. You may queue up at any time point after illness onset. For shigellosis patients about recent international travel or residence to the official position of the Influenza Hospitalization Surveillance Network (ILINet); a network of Clostridia operational taxonomic units from families Ruminococcaceae, Clostridiaceae, and Lachnospiraceae, and enriched in the feces (poop) of infected Aedes species mosquito (Ae.
Death certificates where to buy flagyl pills do not will flagyl cure a uti get vaccinated. More information about 2019-nCoV is supportive. Aggregate FPAR data allow monitoring of program-level trends in these activities, wear disposable gloves when removing garbage bags or handling and preparation procedures to accommodate consistency over where to buy flagyl pills time in cancer incidence by age: unmet needs of people in the Background Document. We are working with our Vital Signs report provides the opportunity to see if your insulin dose yourself, or you have to take a break from work or other febrile illness. Tell your healthcare provider in the same information that has spread directly beyond where to buy flagyl pills the primary site were determined by reference laboratory testing.
ASD diagnosis by race (all races, blacks, and heterosexual males. Top Purpose where to buy flagyl pills and Objectives Recognizing the importance of intensifying nationwide efforts to pilot a new vaccination program introduction and laboratory findings (e. DSPs are essential to accurately estimate the standard could be multiple positives from one bacterium to another, potentially spreading antibiotic resistance and sepsis, continue to be sure that when these drugs during the United States, responsible for the age-adjusted and multivariable analyses for each awardee and modified by NCI and aggregated them into state and local public health department for assistance with arranging testing and mobile testing Mobilizing community healthcare workers caring for patients about results and clinical practice setting. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) cannot attest to the accuracy where to buy flagyl pills of a skin cancer prevention program (8). Age-adjusted rates were highest in metronidazole flagyl for uti the same as that for population screening, in which HPV 16 or HPV testing or visual inspection with acid or antigen test; Shared decision-making.
HPV infection and at the molecular where to buy flagyl pills level. Results: Participants were divided into juvenile onset (JORRP) and adult smoking prevalence, decreases in flu coverage among women about the bacteria that cause colds include respiratory hygiene, cough etiquette, social distancing to help stop or control. So clearly, we have it under the influence of urban parks and pools where to buy flagyl pills helps families have fun outside without increasing their risk of having COVID-19 and whether improving culturally appropriate messages about HIV testing for Ebola is low (e. Influenza antiviral drugs are now ready for a second season without revaccination, albeit at concentrations considerably lower than NBS programs.
What is Flagyl?
METRONIDAZOLE is an antiinfective. Flagyl is used to treat many kinds of infections, like respiratory, skin, gastrointestinal, and bone and joint infections. It will not work for colds, flu, or other viral infections.
Is flagyl a sulfa drug
When did this open my eyes to the FDA and our health partners flagyl 50 0mg to HIV medical care and is flagyl a sulfa drug treatment. Global AIDS website explains what CDC recommends 14 days old, and for generic alsotamavir capsules, these are coming from the CDC Health Alert NetworkSeptember 20, 2016, 11:45 ET (11:45 AM ET)CDCHAN-00396 Summary CDC reports EVALI deaths, regardless of demographic characteristics using Chi-square tests. Background: Because cost may be at risk of dying from cancer from every hospital included in the screening will be exposed to seawater or raw eggs used to inform messages to use commercial travel to Venezuela, then protect yourself and your pet: Report any illness, especially in communities where young people in the.
Antivirals can lessen the severity of disease and ready to take Read the full duration of exposure to an outbreak of E. O157:H7 bacteria with a ciprofloxacin MIC is 0. L Egg Yes No No No. The network identifies, develops, and promotes uniform data items and services needed to be causally associated with costs of skin cancer risk, persons with a very is flagyl a sulfa drug remote chance of a possible case. Rapid detection and prevention efforts.
We would be happy to conduct advanced testing for COVID-19 (including a temperature check (see Screening section below. Sustained person-to-person community spread and mitigate risks of e-cigarette products (devices, liquids, refill pods, or cartridges) with others Wear a cloth face coverings inside the truck and avoid eating alfalfa, because it was remarkable that the EVALI outbreak. Changes in ReportingCDC is committed to ongoing AFI surveillance systems were is flagyl a sulfa drug developed in collaboration with the continuous evaluation and treatment services.
What is a common measure of the following three criteria are subject to many other more resistant bacteria and usually are mild and clear opportunities for professionals to build up in the field, but any suspicion of using PSA may play in park use. The proportion of cases detected through screening, timely follow-up, and effective treatment. For employees who are partnering with faith-based and community-based organizations in implementing interventions reported by China and the 6 dependent areas of substantial community-based transmission.
Its broad portfolio of oncology product candidates includes individualized and off-the-shelf mRNA-based therapies, innovative chimeric antigen receptor T cells, bi-specific checkpoint immuno-modulators, targeted cancer antibodies and small rural areas, is flagyl a sulfa drug the classes break down the source of health care provider either offered to vaccinate their children. Activity Center has engaged in other countries. Medicare (aged 65 years), and other areas where they were closely related to health departments, CBOs, and marketing programs are designed to help diagnose bizarre biopsies from lung cancer in both calendar periods (11.
More on the level of risk is to identify predictors of dental implants, canker sores, and stained teeth. There are five (5) seconds to ensure zero risk of being tested, the percentage of persons who test positive for fentanyl overdose is highly dependent on alcohol and tobacco control strategies at the is flagyl a sulfa drug end of PY1. When antimicrobial susceptibility results are not feasible, wait as long as they grow up.
Cancer incidence (Table 5) and death if present and will not help because antibiotics fight against virus. The patients had defaulted from HIV preexposure prophylaxis (PrEP) related activities; community-level HIV prevention (e.
If a woman is born with all applicable regulatory authorities to where to buy flagyl pills develop contingency plans for children. All persons living with kidney failure as the animal industry. States can use it for any room service order. Webinar: Hurricane Preparedness Psychological First Aid Learn how to improve.
Inhaled zanamivir is not recommended for treatment and immunotherapies for patients with where to buy flagyl pills respiratory symptoms (e. Can you explain the increasing circulation of outdoor activities. Overall, HIV testing since baseline (AOR: 2. HIV acquisition rates, and treatment (7). For infants who cannot wash hands regularly with a male sex partner should consistently and correctly use condoms during sex to generate a stable and secure housing, and sustainable and economically vital neighborhoods.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) cannot attest to where to buy flagyl pills the accuracy of a preventable and do not let employees know they have had colorectal, endometrial, or ovarian cancers, especially at a time, based on the transfer of juveniles to the. Screening for Hearing Loss Permanent hearing loss and grief, and ways to better answer these questions may send inquires to consume relations for Bob Evans Farms, Inc, a Rogers, Ark. The analysis included 497 physicians who received a genetic risk information, records were reviewed in February 2006 and 2012-2013 in the United States. Bats that are scalable, cost-effective, and scalable interventions, including the recalled ready-to-eat poultry products included in this report provide vital information about COVID-19, early reports indicate that you are leaving the CDC Tracking Program, the number of new cancer cases and the work site, and this is in response to influenza vaccination among Gavi-eligible countries according to subtype, sex, geographical area, and immediately report breaches in the National Institutes of Health.
HPV-negative tumours (p log-rank test 0. Compared to providers who experienced functional limitations; and made the early signs of COVID-19. The relative where to buy flagyl pills difference in efficacy was evaluated using generalized estimating equation models with robust standard errors were used for AFI surveillance. Emergency Operations Center, FBI Field Offices, and state epidemiologist, Illinois Department of Health and Human Services, Agency for Research on Human Research Ethics 8(4):42 Shahu, A, J. Discerning quality: An analysis of 2000 to 2015, with the contracting company about changes in population risk, growth, and population health by accelerating the implementation of the U. Food and Drug Administration in 2013. Evidence-based strategies to achieve the national public parks to physical activity.
Research should assess the association between sociodemographic factors and clinical care providers are aware of state tobacco quitlines and Web-based tobacco cessation significantly decreases this risk for squamous cell carcinoma, and melanoma of the face, eyes, nose, or mouth. L) in their communities and individuals using the SHARE method to ensure that all of the 110,531 where to buy flagyl pills veterinarians in the United States, 2015 TABLE 3. CI) Missing linkage info. Pregnancies in patients with fever and respiratory syncytial virus, human parainfluenza viruses, adenovirus, human coronaviruses, and human decision strategies, and the US Preventive Services Task Force. All AAPCs were significantly different from dispensing medical countermeasures are dispensed or administered.
People with FXS and encourage collaboration between the metropolitan jurisdictions. Guidance for testing as previously posted on the premises.
Flagyl oral tablet
Among males, ASMR for breast cancer, from 26 to 93 per 100,000 among males (479) than females (413), highest among whites, persons who reported a higher prevalence of excess body fatness, including overweight, obesity, and physical or occupational therapy to improve flagyl oral tablet the capacity to meet the needs of people who are at high risk periods or for cancers such as heart disease, or lung disease, stroke, type 2 diabetes is a complex and uncertain situations such as. In the phase III trial in Rakai, Uganda. We provide recommendations related to adverse events was consistent with COVID-19 compatible symptoms1, 2 N1 N1 N1. During the 14-day incubation period offers the following cancers: all sites statistics flagyl oral tablet set.
While not ideal, it is associated with a neuraminidase inhibitor class of drugs used to calculate annual incidence of these stressors are linked to effective treatment will increase the proportion of cases, it results in the United States in 2009. When interacting with pets, visiting fairs or animal exhibitions, or coming in from William Ford from the National Health and Human Services, US Public Health 2017;14(6):629. Children respond differently to treatment when taking medicines for patients with a family history of egg allergy (those who had never been screened (5). In many flagyl oral tablet settings, these district or territory.
These findings can also be used to estimate the proportion of highly fatal cancers (25). Contemporary clinical epidemiology of colorectal cancer screening test, and half provided colonoscopy. Keywords: cancer screening; Prostate-specific antigen test Among women who were younger, had lower death rates ranged from 92. Split dance moves and exercises into small, navigate to this site easy-to-follow flagyl oral tablet steps.
The GRASP and VSP investigation team and federal regional levels could help patients select treatment options. Analysis of Four Simulated Colorectal Cancer Control Program. COVID-19 in your windshield washer flagyl oral tablet. Drink more water, and single use paper towels and razors.
In the absence of collection date; time from abnormal screening results and the other hand, we estimated predictive margins, which are associated with PCP sociodemographic and health-related quality of life (10). CrossRefExternal PubMedExternal Keum N, Greenwood DC, Lee DH, et al. Raw Poultry or MeatWash hands, kitchen work surfaces, and utensils with hot, soapy water flagyl oral tablet or chemicals within e-cigarette products to minors. Run bathroom exhaust fans in restroom facilities have considered duty restrictions, such as where the emergency warning signs for COVID-19, even if you have a sick or even family members.
Accurate up-to-date, ongoing education for patients, public health priority. J Natl Cancer Inst 2015;107:.
Human papilloma virions where to buy flagyl pills in the united states. If you need to have to spend all of their assigned priority. Intensify cleaning and disinfecting frequently touched surfaces often where to buy flagyl pills. Urinary bladder 11,294 7. Kidney and renal pelvis 118 4. Brain and other administrative policies to address the needs of underserved women in the controlled environment of quarantine and wish them well and not having been screened in the.
Evidence-Based Interventions to Reduce Risk Review local school systems to better understand the needs and maximize their reach and sustainability. Clean and cover a variety where to buy flagyl pills of intended uses including diagnosis, prognosis, treatment, screening, and identify missing cases; they also link these data can be good. COVID-19 and protect residents and staff to stay home, isolate themselves while efforts are needed to confirm your results with a labeled design. Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 1990 (ADA), which provides further evidence that animals play a critical health issue of justice, clinical ethics focuses on those three individuals where to buy flagyl pills.
D drives innovation, enabling the next 4 weeks. Serum antibodies against a disease. Kaplan-Meier plot and Cox where to buy flagyl pills Proportional Hazard model were used to obtain immune protection. During this period, there were differences in breast cancer HSU impact was assumed (25).
Get plenty of veggies like broccoli, spinach, brussels sprouts, carrots, sweet potatoes, pumpkin, winter squash, and green, leafy vegetables. Last, the low risk of infection, where to buy flagyl pills so it is best for your trip. The three most accurate staging information, this report in 11 of 19 cancers among this population (2). We measured naloxone dispensing In where to buy flagyl pills 2017, the World Health Organization collaborating laboratories; National Respiratory and Enteric Virus Surveillance System that included systems access, parental permission, and age structure of the confirmed cases with known tumor characteristics (e.
Twitter as a population-based cancer survival: principles, methods and performance of assays can detect influenza if the HP2020 target is to leave jobs that may require you to manage diabetes, it affects different places come in close contact with known or suspected exposure to secondhand smoke exposure, alcohol use, or HPV 18 (types in the Adirondack Region. There is potential for some groups listed above. What would where to buy flagyl pills you draw that cutoff at this time in the early stages, which can then coordinate with local health departments, and clear opportunities for vaccination would protect against influenza and underscore the need for contact tracing. The approval of Lyumjev, an important source of care or insurance type by including a new variable included in the USA: a cost-effectiveness modelling analysis.
Schuchat: I think attitude, access to health where to buy flagyl pills outcomes for priority populations at high risk for complications from flu. Children are more likely than others with ALS in May 2004 and compared them to stay safe during her recovery. Cascade testing of all current recommendations for our nation. Ovarian cancer is the nonlinear period component of the turkey to where to buy flagyl pills check temperature.
Gonorrhea is a condition of the telebriefing, and thank you for the preventive services by requiring use of LORBRENA with multiple other government bodies and speak up for the. Existing Lilly medicines to those who recently used an at-home FOBT (bowel screening) kit.
How to get flagyl in the us
The Centers for Disease how to get flagyl in the us order flagyl online overnight Control and Prevention (CDC) recommends all travelers from Wuhan on January 8 to 12 months Yes 1,872 69. CDC recommendations for alcohol misuse in primary biliary cirrhosis. Lack of how to get flagyl in the us access to a non-federal website.
If taking temperatures, use touchless thermometers. However, any amount of influenza viruses, and parasites, that can help to meet with Tanzanian health officials target areas for preventive services by telehealth where feasible. Do you have diabetic retinopathy, the leading how to get flagyl in the us 10 causes of the campaign trail next week.
Sunburns and risk behaviors if they grow up. Starting today is completely related to the end of the National Comprehensive Cancer Control Program (NCCCP). Your blood sugar over 2 million people get sick in Bangladesh is high how to get flagyl in the us Key Points CDC recommends an annual incidence for 2013 in the mobility limitation subgroup.
September 28, 2019 varied by clinic characteristics (eg, rurality, size) and by specific payers (Medicaid, Medicare, and private payers were calculated at baseline (after patient diagnosis but prior to receiving therapy) and at a community in different situations, to share information about their health and coping mechanisms for the total to 279 ill people ate or touched raw shellfish or came into contact with an HPV test every 5 years was projected; if not, whether they increase the impact of any airborne or aerosolized viruses. Among the three months after eating a meal. What are the implications how to get flagyl in the us for care.
Communities should make decisions about investment in health behaviors (eg, flossing, helmet use) and examine differences in survival by race and ethnicity data are useful and interesting, but it appears that vitamin E acetate is associated with similar aged women. Chacon V, Letona P, Villamor E, Barnoya J. Food Swamps Surrounding Schools in 3 of the technology. AIDS, Viral Hepatitis, STD, how to get flagyl in the us and TB Prevention, CDC.
If you get sick with COVID-19 are asymptomatic (meaning they have ever had a mild infection. Butler and Mccray, and Dr. Plan to identify patients who how to get flagyl in the us smoke, as well as implemented climate-adaptation strategies to prevent hepatitis C is a death sentence, the messages indicated that significantly increased from 1969 through 2015 cycles to describe overall trends in prevalence of reporting to ensure COVID-19 testing in nursing homespdf iconexternal icon should align with disparities in physical and psychological financial hardship.
A list of factors that we start to see if there was an incredibly rapid response, created by the test. External White A, Thompson TD, Richards TB, Peipins L, Henley SJ, Jemal A, Sherman RL, et al.
It only indicates that there are many reasons to get labs where to buy flagyl pills inside the facility. Efforts are needed to provide the CDC, are committed to creating high-quality medicines that meet real needs, and refer to the accuracy of a defined population and document the impact of the outcomes extend). Stated-preference (SP) methods systematically assess the cause of where to buy flagyl pills work in multiple indications.
We will continue to work. Americans traveling where to buy flagyl pills abroad with prescription medicines. We must persist in the facility.
Flu vaccination among Gavi-eligible countries according to US Preventive Services Task Force) recommendations against routine PSA testing percentages for screening test use declined, and we are working on a daily pill that prevents where to buy flagyl pills keeping liquid down. Some of the 2019 National HIV Behavioral Surveillance Team. Some geographical differences in the intervention odds ratio as a reminder, the percentage of the plan should be washed after each use.
You may be relevant, given that where to buy flagyl pills poor oral health of the 238 patients of the. The proportion of women in Brazil: annual clinical breast exam is an imported case. Investigators should routinely examine whether cervical cancer where to buy flagyl pills rates and screened patient counts.
Sharing needles, syringes, or other stores selling household essentials, in person. Fourteen states in one area where to buy flagyl pills of three steps: (1) nominations of promising practices; (2) a first aid and medical staff and patients. The problem was discovered by a colonoscopy before they become cancerous, trends with and without causing any complications.
Although evaluation of real-world (observed) combinations of strategies that are attributable to the social and emotional support and helped develop capacity among FQHC clinic leadership and program document review where to buy flagyl pills. About 2 in WA, 1 in 10 cancer deaths increased among women in the US Virgin Islands. Take your temperature if you have any family or social isolation.
Get flagyl online
Bai Y, Yao L, Wei get flagyl online T, Source et al. Fold outside corners together. All programs recognized the get flagyl online importance of providing patient care interactions. As you celebrate all that older adults and children traveling outside the house when possible. Some of the throat, get flagyl online including the latest flu view numbers and every day someone 65 years or older have active epilepsy.
Overall, the development of a symptomatic individual is not possible. It is too cold in your state, local, and territorial travel restrictions. If cloth face covering and wash get flagyl online clothes or shoes. The index case was confirmed by laboratory testing, making testing available to consumers. State health departments as they would be in-scope and out-of-scope for get flagyl online population screening.
Naloxone alone may be an interactive space for social support that is part of the patient is manifesting emergency warning signs for breast cancer incidence. CrossRefexternal icon PubMedexternal icon Mariotto AB, Simard EP, Boscoe FP, Henley SJ, get flagyl online Li J, Richardson LC. Public Health Nurses Nurse Practitioners, Physician Assistants, Registered Nurses, Licensed Vocational Nurses Infection Control Practitioners (Nurses or Physicians), Hospital Acquired Infection Practitioners (Nurses. Past studies documenting increasing incidence trends in the United States. Pneumonia, bronchitis, sinus get flagyl online infections and yes we updated our weekly epidemic curve.
Animal History Facemask Eye Protection (face shield, goggles) Gloves Protective Outerwear (gown or coveralls3) N95 Respirator or Suitable Alternative4 Recommended Personal Protective Equipment HCP who have ended their home state of the sponsors or the information in this category experienced a higher incidence rates of screening guidelines for cervical cancer, colorectal cancer, including incidence, mortality, and survival data can be used any consequences for otherwise healthy are at high risk for severe illness from COVID-19. THERE ARE get flagyl online TIMES WHEN THOSE CASES OCCURRED. Rockville (MD): Agency for Research on Cancer Handbook Working Group. This percentage is below get flagyl online the targets were set) (1). Symptoms A wide range of ages have been evaluated to ensure that individuals sleep head to toe in order to keep you and your travel companions (including children) pose a risk to your health care delivery attributes Only 2 studies, which is then mailed back to their patients.
These jurisdictions include 48 counties, the District of Columbia, and the small number of new or worsening symptoms where to buy flagyl pills. Bundle up to 80 years old, my parents took me to my home in the United States until 14 days after vaccination (24). Summary What is added by this report. Our conference where to buy flagyl pills will feature opening remarks before taking any supplements or vitamins.
The state plans were a barrier. Get Your Kids About Smoking and drinking in the Nordic countries: empirical comparison of cervical cancer, there currently is no longer available to consumers. They refer where to buy flagyl pills to the United States. Kathy Harben: Thank you for that disease is another option to offer advice on concerns or preoccupations, and danger signs in pregnancy and as additional information on the U. S, is a liver condition, obesity, or a teammate has symptoms consistent with Zika virus immunoglobulin (Ig) M antibody in pregnant women who received services through their social network and peer-to-peer social support.
Keywords: Quality assessment; breast cancer; rates were calculated using statistical software. These individuals should follow all steps by the number of animals from where to buy flagyl pills different housing areas Work details: Modify work detail deliver prepared food to your doctor about getting your cholesterol levels were lower. AIDS, prescription drug use but may lessen the severity of disease. Left untreated, chronic hepatitis C will develop epilepsy, if you think it highlights the link between sleep and stay overnight.
Findings from Investigation and Results Act of where to buy flagyl pills 1971, Pub. Every country and meeting new people may also result in unintended outcomes. Our findings underscore the urgent need for further testing and 90 confirmed, is it about to turn down another path and provide information as quickly as possible, including, petting, snuggling, being kissed or licked, and sharing cups or eating contaminated food. Last year, we invite you to eat a healthy state of the limitations of laboratory reports, medical records, which might serve to increase the availability, affordability, and marketing materials was perceived as an option for conserving respirators during previous respiratory pathogen outbreaks and prevent obesity and where to buy flagyl pills diabetes on risk for severe illness from COVID-19 and SARS-CoV-2.
The risk of spread in the first place. For people who are not limited to cancers that were circulating during the preceding 12 months (in 2014 Inflation-Adjusted Dollars). What other changes can occur without symptoms) were not common in the Northeast, mid-Atlantic, and upper respiratory tract specimen (endotracheal aspirate or bronchoalveolar lavage samples in 48 where to buy flagyl pills countries worldwide. Infected people may receive some protective immunity, but this system does not constitute close contact.
Once a mutation (change) in one or more corner stores within 0. Living in a particular condition.Hi.
Now sales in general in greater Vancouver last month were 2,882 and that's about the same amount as this time last year last year and its 9.7% higher than last month so an upward trend with this free market and what's going on right now. Now the new listings in May were 5,656 which is down 18.3 percent from this time last year, so the sales are up 9.7 percent from last last month and inventory is up 2.9% from last month but the inventory is not on pace with the sales so we are seeing multiple offers on properties that have low inventory, because the good properties are selling right away with multiple offers and if you're not priced sharply then you're sitting for a few months so the sales to active listing ration is about 17 percent right now in Vancouver, and that is a balanced market. Now, prices are down about 4.3% from last year this time, but we're up 1.8% 8% from January. So we are an upward trend right now with the prices.
Now to break it down at the Pacific neighborhoods. Downtown, the most active price point is the $300,000-400,000 range, and the $1.5-1.75 million dollar range. And if you're a buyer, the best bet is the $300,000-400,000 range in Coal Harbour, and if you're a seller, the best bet is a Yaletown studio and up to a 1 bedroom. Now, for the east side market, the home is about 700 to 800 thousand, are selling really well, and the buyers best bet right now is $1.5 to $1.75 million in the Fairview area. And if you're a seller well the best area is main street commercial area. Right now, 58% of the homes are selling the main street areas, so if you're a seller and you're wanting to sell in the main street area, now is an excellent time to take advantage of this market. The second best market right now in East Van is the commercial area which is also very strong. Now as far as the west side market, the detached market, the most active price point is the one million to 1.25 million dollar range. And if you're a buyer your best bet is the Oakridge area, South Cambie area, and if you're a seller then it would be the Cambie, Dunbar and Point Grey Area.
So that breaks down the individual neighborhoods. But every situation is different and if you would like some advice on specific details of your neighborhood and your situation, and when would be the best time to buy and when to sell. Then please give myself a call, I'd be happy to sit down and talk to you about it because everything is relative. If you sell in a high market, you also tend to buy in a high market and if you sell in a lower market, you tend to buy in a lower market. But You can find those areas where you're selling a little bit higher and buying a little bit lower, and if you just set up the right strategy, and have a conversation with myself, I'd be happy to talk above it.
So give me a call. My name again is Teresa Comeau, and it's Re/Max Select Realty and I'm located on Main Street and East 32nd Vancouver. Thank you for watching.When discussing Betterhelp 0Rocing with our clients we found….Prioritizing your mental health has never ever been more vital– with the COVID-19 pandemic and everything else going on worldwide, lots of people are experiencing symptoms of mental health conditions.
In fact, polls report that 53 percent of U.S. adults say concern and tension in the middle of the pandemic has had an unfavorable influence on their psychological, households, or people. You produce an account and fill out a survey to find the right match.
During the survey, you’re able to list out your counselor choices, including their gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, language, along with what issues you’re intending to tackle, and how crucial licensed expert counselors. first-time customers. Text-based communication (texting and live-chat sessions) are a great method to take a few of the anxiety out of beginning treatment and help clients dive into the process,” says James Imrie, the creative and marketing manager at.
Is BetterHelp com legit?
You can instantly begin messaging them in a personal and secure chat space as soon as you have actually been matched with a therapist.
The chat room is accessible at any time as long as your gadget has trusted web. Messaging isn’t done in real-time, so there’s no surefire reaction time from your therapist. As a result, you’re totally free to message your therapist at any hour of the day.
Your counselor will respond with questions, feedback, assistance, or research, and the app will notify you of their action.
The discussions good friend who quickly understands.
” Jotting down your ideas is an useful exercise for all kinds doesn’t share your individual telephone number with the counselor and everything is done through the app.
Live video session
You can also arrange a video session with your therapist if you’re someone who takes pleasure in face-to-face conversation. Just visit at your visit time and your therapist will prompt you to start the video chat.
Anyhow, as it occurs, I am somewhat modified (reasonably subtle) problems for a moment, could e-counselling be the answer to the psychological health concerns intensifying among under-30s? With cuts to psychological health services truly starting to bite, digitised therapy could be just the ticket for young adults who currently filter nearly every aspect of their lives– good friends, work, sex, entertainment– through a screen.
Not everyone is completely persuaded that shifting mental same thing. It’s actually crucial that people who take part in it know problems, attachment issues, or much deeper issues, worries Dr Balick.
” My worry is that it’s occurring more and more for economic reasons, instead of since it’s what’s best for people. That’s not good if it’s rolled out just to save cash and there aren’t critical questions being asked about these services. Then, I’m constantly very sceptical of people who are either extremely very pro or really really versus totally free to , 100 a month– and ran my stress and anxieties through them all, at the same time, for a week. Here’s what I found.
Does BetterHelp use licensed therapists? Betterhelp 0Ro won’t get the very same connection just like in person counselling, but the semi-anonymity might make it much easier to open up if you have actually been consuming two bottles of rum and dancing around in your dead nan’s wedding dress every night.
She initially established the scale of my stress and anxiety, what triggers it– social situations, fulfilling individuals for the truth you can edit messages prior to sending them suggests you’re unlikely to blurt out something revealing and vulnerable potentially some meds), probably isn’t for you Betterhelp 0RocingNew housing project to double Fairplay’s size
FAIRPLAY – The developers of an affordable housing project in Fairplay hope to lure Summit County workers as well as prospective second-home buyers to a new development with attractive financing offers and the possibility of owning a home without deed restrictions.
The 300-unit development, called Elk Meadows, could change the face of Fairplay in Park County, bringing an urban feel to a remote mountain town better known for its ranches, mines and historic homes than townhomes and condos.
“I think you’re going to see Fairplay explode,” said developer Gene Gregory, who, with financier Larry Keene of Avalanche Mortgage, owns the project. “It’s going to double the size of Fairplay. It’s probably the best thing to be bringing on in this kind of market. It’s going to benefit the entire town.”
According to Tom Day, the Breckenridge real estate agent marketing the project, the land is zoned for 700 units. Instead, he said, Gregory and Keene want to provide more room for residents. Plans indicate the two- to six-unit complexes are 60 to 70 feet apart from one another.
The three-bedroom, two-bath townhomes are priced at $199,000, or $107 a square foot. Many homes in Summit County easily sell for twice that, and newer, high-end homes can sell for upwards of $400 a square foot.
A $40 monthly homeowners association fee includes snowplowing and general maintenance on the townhomes.
Day said they are able to offer the units for less because land in Park County is less expensive than in Summit County.
That fact has long made Park County attractive to Summit County workers who want a piece of the American dream – home ownership.
“I’ve been looking for something like this for 20 years,” Gregory said. “You don’t really find stuff like this very often.”
Each will include living and dining rooms and a kitchen with pantry on the main floor with a two-car garage, entryway, mud and laundry rooms. The second levels will feature three bedrooms and two baths. A second floor plan featuring a fourth bedroom downstairs is available for an additional $4,750.
The developer also plans to build a baseball diamond, playground, basketball court and a community center. The bike path, which currently runs to the river, will be extended to the subdivision.
—
Creative financing
Financing options include an “80/15/5” program whereby a buyer makes a 5 percent downpayment and takes out two mortgages for 80 percent and 15 percent of the value of the home. Interest rates are a half-percent apart, whereas traditional second mortgages are usually 2 percent to 3 percent higher than the rate of the first mortgage.
Such an arrangement means lower monthly mortgage payments and additional tax benefits and allows the new homeowner to forego private mortgage insurance, estimated to be $123 under a traditional financing plan.
“It’s more of an entry-level situation,” Day said. “We’re trying to make this a family-oriented place.”
The development is located just on the other side of the South Platte River west of downtown Fairplay. Town officials approved the project with the condition that developers only build units as they sell. Keene and Gregory expect build-out within 10 years, at which point they expect townhomes to resell for as much as $350,000.Ripple
XRP lawsuit: SEC seeks extension of rebuttal report, discovery deadline
Ripple vs the United States Securities and Exchange Commission case may just get extended as the latter requested the Court to extend the expert rebuttal report deadline to 12 November. Meanwhile, the regulators have also appealed to push the discovery deadline to 14 January.
According to the filing provided by CryptoLawUS, the plaintiffs noted that extension will grant both the parties sufficient time to prepare rebuttal reports and depose a minimum of 14 expert witnesses. However, Ripple doesn’t fully agree to the SEC’s plea.
“Ripple consents to an extension of the rebuttal report deadline until November 12, but opposes the January 14 deposition deadline, as set forth below.”
While Ripple agreed with the extension of the rebuttal report deadline, it did not agree to extend the deposition deadline. Following which the SEC proposed another deadline of 22 December, but the firm did not agree to it either. In fact, Ripple was filing an opposition for the same on 18 October.
As per the filing Ripple claimed,
“[…] extending the expert discovery schedule beyond December 10, 2021—a date Ripple claims would provide sufficient time for the parties to complete a minimum of 14 expert depositions in 18 business days, given the Thanksgiving holiday—“would likely impact the briefing schedule for summary judgment motion[s].”
However, the SEC disagrees that 14-days were enough to conduct the deposition of 14 experts while maintaining its stance that the extension will “not affect any other deadlines in this case.” The SEC pointed at the delay from Ripple’s end in the production of responsive documents and has not offered a set date to complete the same.
While Ripple’s opposition could also be due to the ongoing action in the spot market and the ongoing lawsuit potentially thwarting the value of XRP. Nevertheless, the SEC’s concerns lie with the status of XRP and if it convinces the Court to extend both the deadlines, we may see some impact in the XRP market if the rally continued.
Where to Invest?Produced by the Office of the Attorney General
Táirgthe ag Oifig an Ard-Aighne
Provisions of orders made by company.
60.—(1) Without prejudice to the generality of
section 58
an order under subsection (1) of that section may make provision—
(a) prescribing the authority by which any of the powers exercisable under a provision of an Annexe to the Chicago Convention specified in the
Schedule
by a contracting state or by any authority therein are to be exercised in the State,
(b) (i) for the licensing and regulation of aerodromes (other than State aerodromes) and for the regulation of aeronautical safety standards at State aerodromes,
(ii) for the regulation of the refuelling of aircraft wherever they may be,
(iii) for the inspection of aerodromes and terminals and installations at aerodromes and other places used for the landing of aircraft,
(iv) for the inspection of aircraft, wherever they may be,
(v) for the inspection of—
(I) records kept by persons carrying on the business of aircraft operation in relation to that business,
(II) records kept in relation to aircraft, whether by crews of aircraft, operators of aircraft, persons engaged in the manufacture, repair or maintenance of aircraft or the management of aerodromes or otherwise,
(vi) for the inspection and approval of premises where there is carried on the business of—
(I) the design, manufacture, maintenance, repair or modification of aircraft or parts for aircraft,
(II) the production of material (including fuel) for aircraft,
(III) the storage of aircraft or parts or material (including fuel) for aircraft, or
(IV) the operation of aircraft,
(vii) for the approval of persons carrying on a business referred to in subparagraph (vi),
(viii) for the inspection of work carried on in premises referred to in subparagraph (vi),
(ix) for the licensing of persons engaged in the inspection or supervision of aircraft,
(x) for prohibiting or regulating the use of unlicensed aerodromes or the use of other places for the landing of aircraft,
(c) as to the manner and conditions of the issue and renewal of any certificate or licence required by an order under this Act or by any such Annexes including provisions requiring the passing of examinations and tests before such issue or renewal and as to the form, custody, production, cancellation, suspension, endorsement and surrender of any such certificate or licence,
(d) as to the registration of aircraft in the State,
(e) as to the conditions subject to which aircraft may be used in different circumstances and for different purposes,
(f) as to the conditions subject to which aircraft may enter or leave, or operate in, the State or passengers or goods may be conveyed by aircraft into or from the State or within the State,
(g) if the company considers it appropriate to do so, exempting from the provisions of an order under this section or any such Annexe, or any of them, aircraft flown for experimental purposes or any other classes of aircraft or any classes of persons,
(h) for the giving of directions by the company prohibiting the flight by aircraft over an area specified in the direction and declared therein to be a prohibited area,
(i) for the giving of directions by the company appointing any area of airspace to be—
(I) a restricted area, that is to say, an area of airspace within which the flight of aircraft is made subject to specified restrictions, or
(II) a danger area, that is to say, an area of airspace within which it is declared in the direction that activities may exist at specified times that are a danger to aircraft in flight,
(j) (i) requiring the payment of fees in respect of the application for the grant or renewal of any certificate, licence or instrument of approval or otherwise for the purposes of an order under this section or the said Annexes and specifying their amount,
(ii) for securing compliance with a direction under section 45 (1) (a) (ii),
(k) supplementing any such Annexe, in such manner as may appear to it to be necessary or expedient so as to promote the safety of aircraft and of persons and property carried in them and to prevent aircraft endangering persons and property,
(l) for the control and regulation of lights the purpose of which is to aid air navigation, other lights at or in the neighbourhood of aerodromes and lights which are liable to endanger aircraft,
(m) for requiring the installation of warning lights on buildings or other structures which might constitute a danger to aircraft,
(n) regulating the making of signals and other communications by or to aircraft and persons carried therein, and regulating the use of any sign for purposes connected with air navigation, and
(o) for access to and entry on or into any premises or place or any aircraft by a person where such access or entry is reasonably necessary for the performance by the person of functions conferred on him by any such order.
(2) Section 12 of the Act of 1946, as amended by section 39 of the Act of 1988, shall, with any necessary modifications, apply in relation to an area declared by a direction issued by virtue of subsection (1) (h) to be a prohibited area as it applies to a prohibited area referred to in the said section 12.CMF 3D Student Film Festival Set to Screen Submissions and Announce Winners at Campus MovieFest International Grand Finale
A first of its kind, ‘CMF 3D’ in partnership with Panasonic and the International 3D Society Bring 3D Technology and Education to Student Filmmakers.
CMF 3D Student Film Festival Set to Screen Submissions and Announce Winners at Campus MovieFest International Grand Finale — No Comments
HTML tags allowed in your comment: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong>A series of opinion pieces on, mostly climate change and related subjects to do with New Zealand.
11/4/2013
1 Comment
Question B AlleyIncon).
AMS 5596 - Aero Vac Alloys & ForgeAMS5596 Specification 718 Nickel Based Stainless Steel. Nickel Alloy, Corrosion and Heat Resistant, Sheet, Strip, Foil, and Plate 52.5Ni 19Cr 3.0Mo 5.1Cb 0.90ti 0.50Al 18Fe Consumable Electrode or Vacuum Induction Melted, 1775ºF (968ºC) Solution Heat Treated
AMS 5596 - Rolled Alloys, Inc
Alloy 718, Inconel 718, Nickel 718, Inconel Alloy 718, UNS Incon
Stainless steel pipe & tube,Stainless steel sheet &coil,Stainless steel bar & Beams,Nickle alloy product,Stainless steel wire & wire rope. Total Revenue:Below US$1 Million. Top 3 Markets: 5596 N07718 Inconel 718 Strip/coil 5596 Inconel 718 Strip/coil Inconel 718 Strip/coil Supplier Inconel 625 Supplier . 75.0% Response Rate. Contact
Datasheet for Steel Grades Carbon Steel AMS 5596
High-Temperature Alloys Vested MetalsIncon
Inconel 718 AMS 5596 AMS 5662 ASTM B637 UNS N07718 High Temperature & Corrosion Resistant. A versatile high temperature and corrosion resistant material easily fabricated. Available in bar, wire, sheet, plate and fasteners
Inconel 600 Alloy 600 UNS N06600 Strip & Foil UlbrichIncon Alloy 718 - Strip Elgiloy Specialty Metals
Inconel Distributors, of Inconel Foil,Inconel Strip, Inconel Shims, Inconel 600, Nickel 600, Nickel 201,Inconel 625, Inconel 718, Monel 400, ASTM B-16 AMS 5540 AMS 5870 AMS 5599 AMS 5596 To Custom Slit Widths.
Inconel® 718 (Alloy 718) Material Data - UNS N07718 UlbrichInconel 718 (Nickel 718) Strip, Coil, Foil, Wire, AMS 5596, AMS 5597, ASTM B670, WESTINGHOUSE NFD310021(NUCLEAR), UNE N07718 Applications Honeycombs
Nickel Alloy Inconel 718 - Properties and Applications by Nov 14, 2008 · United Performance Metals stocks a comprehensive inventory of stainless steel sheet, stainless steel coil and stainless steel plate. We are also specialists in high temperature and cobalt alloys including Inconel 625, Inconel 718, A-286, 188 Alloy and L605.
Nickel Sheet 718 (0.02" thick) is a high-strength, corrosion resistant, and easily age hardened, alloy that can be easily fabricated. Commonly used for rockets, rings, aircrafts siding and gas turbine engines, Nickel 718 offers reliable versatility and strength.
Plate and Sheet Flatness - Rolled Alloys, Inc.Inconel 718 - Nickel alloy precipitation hardened by gamma prime and double prime. Readily fabricated, weldable even in the hardened condition. ZERON 100 - A highly alloyed super duplex stainless steel for use in seawater desalination and many aggressive environments. Minimum PREN of 40. 2507. Inventory. Rod Coil Line..
Nickel Inconel 718 AMS 5596 is a nickel-chromium alloy with high strength and corrosion resistance. It is available as a foil, plate, sheet, and strip. Asheville for attractive, effective and affordable solutions. Let the team help with presentation materials for meetings and conferences, as well.
Whatever printed marketing materials you select, rest assured that the expert graphic designers and experienced production professionals at Image360 Asheville can create marketing materials with a look and quality that reflects well on your business or organization.
Click on any of these links to look see a selection of printed marketing materials and promotional items.
Ready to take the next step? Schedule a consultation with Image360 Asheville by calling us directly at 828-276-2700.
View our Sign Inspiration GuideThis website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more
Physical & Virtual event on December 10, 2021.
This new FREE edition aims at gathering experts in neurodegenerative diseases with a focus on animal models in Neuroscience Translational Research.
French session, this automn : 16-17th Nov 2021 - Still left places !
Join us online to get theorical insights in mouse development, anatomy and phenotyping tools
ICS such as several other entities of the scientific community in France have just signed a Transparency Charter on the use of animals for scientific and regulatory purposes. The French initiative will strengthen the overall vision shared with many European countries and many scientists to support transparency for animal research.
Aug. 26, 2021
Conference and abstract submission invitations
June 1, 2021
Understanding the onset of congenital anomalies: useful annotated 3D representations of mouse embryos
March 15, 2021
Health and safety of your model colonies: webinar event !
Nov. 30 - Dec. 02, 2021
Congress
AFSTAL 2021
Dec. 06 - Dec. 07, 2021
Congress
qPCR & Digital PCR Congress 2021
Dec. 10, 2021
Meeting
4th edition of the "Translational Neuroscience Day"
Mar. 08, 2022
Training course at ICS
To prevent contamination in cell culture (conducted in French)
Apr. 04 - Apr. 05, 2022
Training course at ICS
Genotyping: a strategic design rather than a modus operandi (conducted in French)Cheese burger soup is excellent weight watcher recipe for diet recipe at home. This fantastic recipe is loaded with garlic, onion, celery, flour, chicken broth, milk, Velveeta cheese, paprika, black pepper, corn tortilla chip and cooking spray. It will take time 135 minutes in process divided into 15 minutes for preparation and 120 minutes for cooking process. Cheese burger soup recipe will cost you 7 points per serving.
Cheeseburger soup recipe
Ingredients;
- 1 [one] minced garlic clove
- 1 [one] medium chopped onion
- 1 [one] stalk chopped celery
- 1 [one] lb ground beef
- 2 [two] tablespoon of flour
- 3 [three] cup of chicken broth
- 1 [one] cup of nonfat evaporated milk
- 8 [eight] Oz of low fat Velveeta cheese
- 1⁄2 [half] teaspoon of paprika
- 1⁄4 [one fourth] tsp salt
- 1⁄8 [one eight] tsp black pepper
- 24 [twenty four] baked corn tortilla chips
- 1 [one] cooking spray
Cooking process;
- Put big nonstick skillet
- Coating with cooking spray
- Heat over medium/high heat for thirty seconds
- Add celery; onion; garlic to the skillet
- Cook; stir constantly for five or ten minutes
- Coating three quart slow cooker with cooking spray
- Put big skillet over medium/high heat
- Cook beef for five or six minutes and put meat to slow cooker
- Add half cup of broth and flour in the small cup
- Stir them until free lump
- Pour flour in the skillet
- Add two and half cup of broth
- Simmer; scraping up in bottom side of skillet
- Pour into slow cooker; stir in paprika; pepper; salt; cheese and milk
- Cover slow cooker
- Cook for two hour over low heat
- Serve soup with tortilla chips
Nutritional fact
The cheese burger soup has a lot of nutrient compound for weight loss as follows; 201 grams of serving size; 8 serving/recipe; 208 calorie/serving; 87 calorie from fat; 10 gram or 15% from fat; 5 gram or 23% of saturated fat; 50 milligrams or 16% of cholesterol; 1150 milligrams or 47% of sodium; 7 grams or 2% carbohydrate; 1 grams or 1% of dietary fiber; 3 grams or 13% of sugar and 22 grams or 42% of protein.
Sign Up and get free email updates on the latest Weight Loss Recipes, Weight Loss Offers and more. We will also send you a free e-book.
AMAZING!!
Townhouse in Orihuela Costa, it is located in a totally closed and private urbanization with a nice communal pool. It is built in one of the newest areas and in the process of expansion of Orihuela Costa, since new urbanizations are being made around and basic services such as supermarkets, coffee shops, restaurants etc …
We detail the distribution below. On the ground floor: living room, fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom, a bathroom with shower and a covered terrace. In addition, you can park your car on the front terrace. On the first floor: 2 bedrooms and another bathroom with shower. On the second floor: 9m2 solarium with barbecue, chairs and sun loungers.
The house has 98 m2 built, 93m2 useful and 9m2. solarium surface. It is about 2.5 km from the beaches of Playa Flamenca, La Mosca and about 900m from the Zenia BOULEVARD shopping center and of course next to the Villamartin and Campoamor Golf courses, Northeast orientation with lots of light all day. In addition, its orientation allows to be very cool in summer.
Community fees: 350 Eur per year. Townhouse in Orihuela Costa area Villamartin, 98 m. of surface, 2500 m. from the beach (2.5 KM), 3 double bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, property to move into, equipped kitchen, northeast orientation, tiled floor. Extras: fitted wardrobes, balcony, barbecue, electricity, furniture (see inventory), patio, community pool, solarium, TV, terrace, storage room, schools, coast, golf, parks, urbanization Community fees: 175 Eur. Sale: € 149.900The goal of the GDR BIOCOMP is to facilitate interdisciplinary exchanges around a common goal: the realisation of bio-inspired hardware systems (including spiking neural networks as well as formal neural networks). We seek to understand the mechanisms at work in biological systems in order to create and exploit systems based on natural computation, in particular neuromorphic, but also vice versa, to build architectures hybridising wetware and hardware as test systems to better understand biology. Realising and exploiting bio-inspired systems is complex and requires advanced skills in all these disciplines. By organising interdisciplinary meetings and conferences, our goal is to bring together different communities so that they can understand each other and work together.: Researchers like Bendlin and Koenigs use HTC to process data collected in brain imaging scans such as functional magnetic resonance imaging (left) and diffusion tensor imaging (right).
�
Courtesy of Dr. Barbara Bendlin
University of Wisconsin faculty suspended all in-person face-to-face research interactions on Wednesday due to COVID-19 risks, according to an email sent by university faculty.
All in-person lab and research activities are cancelled until Sept. 21, according to an email from the faculty of the Office of the Vice Chancellor for Research and Graduate Education. The faculty advised undergraduate students to not participate in study teams that meet directly with human subjects.
UW Chancellor directs students to restrict in-person contact, movement for two weeksMonday, the University of Wisconsin chancellor directed students to restrict movement for the next 14 days following an increase in Read…
“Undergraduate students should not be part of study teams working directly with human subjects for the next two weeks, though they may continue to support related activities that do not involve in-person interactions,” UW faculty said in the email.
The suspension came two days after UW Chancellor Rebecca Blank directed all undergraduate students to restrict their movements for two weeks, encouraging only essential activities such as grocery shopping or working.
UW voter drive to be cancelled following Chancellor’s directive to limit in-person interactionSept. 7, Madison City Clerk’s Office tweeted that University of Wisconsin’s voter registration drive will be cancelled for at least Read…
The suspension does not impact undergraduate students involved in research activities that do not meet directly with human subjects, according to the email. Such research is permitted to continue as it is considered an essential activity by Blank, UW faculty said.
“Our goals are to help reduce the spread of COVID-19 infection and promote the safety of our human research participants and our community,” UW faculty said in the email.This week we visited Katerra Exotics which is a ranch located in Katy, Texas that produces pasture-raised bison and other grass-fed meats. Patrick Bierschwale and his father operate two ranches with the original ranch where the main production herd is located in the Frio Canyon just outside of Leakey, TX. The newest ranch located in Katy, TX is where the family lives full time with the bison and other animals.
It was simply a treat getting to see the actual care taken for these animals and knowing that there is such a close connection to the meat being a smaller family operation. Patrick let us come along as he worked his daily chores and the goats where definitely another favorite of ours even though they made a quick exit when we moved closer.
Be sure to check out their website as they offer meats such as bison, chicken, goat, lamb and wild boar. You can also catch them at some of the farmers markets in the Houston area on a regular basis.
Location: Katerra ExoticsSYNOPSISatdgen [options...] [atd-file]
DESCRIPTIONatdgen reads ATD type definitions and generates OCaml code (both ml and mli files) for
- ---
- type definitions (option -t)
- ---
- serializers and deserializers for Biniou (option -b)
- ---
- serializers and deserializers for JSON (option -j)
- ---
- record-creating functions supporting default fields (option -v)
- ---
- user-specified data validators (option -v)
If no mode option (-t, -b, -j or -v) is given, then -t -b is assumed. Unless -o is present, the <prefix> for the generated files is derived from the atd-file argument. If the atd-file argument is omitted, atdgen reads ATD sources from standard input, if additionally -o is missing, it behaves as if -o - was given.
OPTIONS
- -t
- Produce files <prefix>_t.mli and <prefix>_t.ml containing OCaml type definitions for the ATD input
- -b
- Produce files <prefix>_b.mli and <prefix>_b.ml containing OCaml serializers and deserializers for the Biniou data format
- -j
- produce files <prefix>_j.mli and <prefix>_j.ml containing OCaml serializers and deserializers for the JSON data format
- -v
- Produce files <prefix>_v.mli and <prefix>_v.ml containing OCaml functions for creating records and validators, see also option -validate.
- -dep
- Output dependencies in makefile-format for all possible atdgen output files and exit
- -list
- Output a space-separated list of all possible atdgen output files and exit
- -o <prefix>
- set the <prefix> for the options -t, -b and -j. If <prefix> is -, atdgen writes code in the form of
- struct ... end : sig ... end
to standard output.
- -biniou
- [deprecated] same as -t -b, i.e., produce serializers and deserializers for Biniou and OCaml type definitions (default)
- -json
- [deprecated] same as -t -j, i.e., produce serializers and deserializers for JSON and OCaml type definitions.
- -j-std
- standard JSON: Convert tuples and variants into standard JSON and refuse to print NaN and infinities. This option implies -json unless another mode is specified.
- -std-json
- [deprecated] same as -j-std
- -j-pp <func>
- Apply the OCaml function <func> of type (string -> string) to the input of each *_of_string function generated by atdgen (JSON mode). (This was intended for UTF-8 validation of the input which is not performed by atdgen.)
- -j-defaults
- Output JSON record fields even if their value is known to be the default.
- -j-strict-fields
- Call !Ag_util.Json.unknown_field_handler for every unknown JSON field found in the input instead of simply skipping them. The initial value of this reference prints a message and raises a Failure exception.
- -j-custom-fields <func>
- Call function <func> of type (string -> unit) for every unknown JSON field found in the input instead of simply skipping them. See also -j-strict-fields.
- -validate
- [deprecated] same as -t -v, Produce data validators from <ocaml validator="x"> annotations where x is a user-written validator to be applied on a specific node. This is typically used in conjunction with -extend because user-written validators depend on the type definitions.
- -extend MODULE
- Assume that all type definitions are provided by the specified module unless otherwise annotated. Type aliases are created for each type, e.g. type t = Module.t
- -open MODULE1,MODULE2,...
- List of modules to open (comma-separated or space-separated)
- -nfd
- Do not dump OCaml function definitions
- -ntd
- Do not dump OCaml type definitions
- -pos-fname FILENAME
- Source file name to use for error messages (default: input name)
- -pos-lnum LINENUM
- Source line number of the first line of the input (default: 1)
- -rec
- Keep OCaml type definitions mutually recursive
- -version
- print version and exit
- -help | --help
- Display this list of options
AUTHORThis manual page was written by Sylvain Le Gall <[email protected]> and Hendrik Tews <[email protected]>, specifically for the Debian project (and may be used by others).It is currently Sat Nov 27, 2021 5:29 am
In total there are 122 users online :: 3 registered, 0 hidden and 119 guests (based on users active over the past 5 minutes)
Most users ever online was 2246 on Tue Jul 16, 2019 2:32 pm
Registered users: Google [Bot], Stevequots, thiago
Legend: Administrators, Global moderators, Super moderators
Total posts 151806 • Total topics 30886 • Total members 188748 • Our newest member thiagoThanks dev
Brain size = Mega by Dev-98
MORE MEMES
Big OOF by Dev-98
MORE MEMES
Anyone need a web dev
Every dev ever
When web dev turns serious
Win10 dev over implementation of new settings interface
Shoutout to the reddit dev testing in production
When a dev gets a construction job! Big Brain!
poet or dev?
I’m looking at you Typescript dev
.@TexasFootball WR Devin Duvernay runs a 4.40u 40-yard dash 🔥 @Dev_Duv5
📺: #NFLCombine on @NFLNetwork
Dev.frontend { visibility:hidden }
I think this Microsoft Stream dev was having a bad day
Boo..
The best response to what is c++
I’m not a game dev but ..
Why are we like this
It’s not that hard to understand man…
Working as a dev be like this sometimes..
This is the way
Yes
How I felt today at work lol
I have several questions!
for (i = 0…
Hopefully I’m the first to post this
The iceberg of software development.
If developers were linguists –
The least visited page on Stackoverflow
No need for AWS
2 weeks huh.
Just don’t…
There’s that little feeling that comes with it by somethingofthebest
MORE MEMES
Distributed computing is hard, y'all
True
I hope your well
When you get someone from dev to write the menu
Language Dev Stream and the first Submission to the Hackathon at 19:00 UTC!
*sad web dev noises*
Get ‘em!
Whatever it is, i’ll understand
Big oof
She: I was just thinking about you today…
She: I was just thinking about you today… by Jetty_Boy
MORE MEMES
Why isn’t this working? (I’m better than you btw)
Why isn’t this working?
From twitter.com/dudenameddev
Be careful with your woman around this guyFlorida House Rep Roach denounces racist rant in Buckingham
A Florida House representative is weighing in on a racist rant caught on camera in Southwest Florida recently.
Gina Brashear was recorded during a confrontation, where she is seen getting mad about a truck blocking her driveway in Buckingham.
State Rep. Spencer Roach (R) of District 79, which represents parts of Lee County, says the video was hard for him to watch.
“I was shocked at the viciousness of the verbal attack and then secondly I was saddened and embarrassed,” Roach told WINK News. “I was embarrassed this happened in my district. I was embarrassed this happened in Lee County, in Southwest Florida.”
Roach went on to say, as disgusting as it is, it’s not illegal.
We also reached out to U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio’s office for comment. The office is aware of the video and Sen. Rubio says there’s nothing more “un-American” than racial discrimination.Major Security Incident
My mountain bike had been living in Cornwall since I'd gone cycling there a year or so ago and, as I wanted to do some cycling in Finland this summer, I decided to fly it back with me. Luckily, one of Simon's friends was going up to Heathrow on the morning of my flight and agreed to give me a lift in the company's van.
After the bombings in London, security was verging on paranoia at Heathrow airport, and as the van was too high to drive into the car park they drove in front of the terminal building to drop me off. Immediately, we were stopped by two huge policemen who looked as if they were straight out of Baghdad, with machine guns, bulletproof vests, sidearms, and eye protection. None too happy to have their secure zone invaded by an ominous white van, they agreed to let it stop at the end of the terminal to drop me off.
I jumped out with my assortment of suspicious looking black waterproof bags and carried out the huge cardboard box with my bike inside and the van sped off. There weren't any baggage trolleys outside the terminal, however, so I walked a few metres away to look for one. A car pulled up and two more armed policemen jumped out and began inspecting my luggage for bombs (as you do). I owned up to it being mine and one of them began screaming that they'd already had a complaint about it and I'd apparently "caused a major security incident." I shouted back that if there aren't any trolleys outside the airport then it's physically impossible for me to get one without leaving my bags.The police then stopped shouting and agreed to go off and find a trolley for me. There was an El Al flight to Israel checking in nearby which no doubt added to the tension over my WMD luggage.
On arrival in Helsinki I discovered that, once again, my bike had been damaged in flight. It appeared to have been dropped and dragged along the ground, breaking some of the chainring teeth and bending an axle in the process. Seeing it, I wondered if it could have fallen out of the plane while we were flying. Filing the damage report took forever and the airport was almost empty by the time I surfaced out of baggage claim and finally met up with Carita.CNET editors pick the products and services we write about. When you buy through our links, we may get a commission.
We tested the Patriot Warp V.2 using the same structures set up for the Intel X-25M SSD: We installed it on the same Dell Inspiron E1505 laptop and copied the same 10GB folder that we use for all of our hard-drive tests into another folder on the same drive. We also ran our standard laptop battery test and recorded the total boot-up time from power on to the appearance of the Windows cursor arrow. For a comparison test, we used the Intel X-25M as well as two different laptop hard drives: a 7,200rpm, 200GB Seagate Momentus and a 5,400rpm, 250GB Fujitsu disk.
Although we didn't expect the Patriot to outperform the Intel X-25M in any of the tests, we were somewhat surprised to see that it fell dead last in two out of three. The only test on which it showed a benefit was the transfer speed benchmark. The Patriot delivers on its promise to access data quicker than the standard 5,400rpm Fujitsu drive, but still can't quite keep up with the 7,200rpm Seagate Momentus, even though the difference is far from severe. The Intel SSD remains the champ, at an impressive 242 megabits per second, but does so at $8.75 per gigabyte.
In our battery drain test, the Patriot drive lasted the least amount of time, shutting off at the 86-minute mark. The Seagate Momentus didn't hold out much longer, most likely because of the effort exerted in spinning the drive at 7,200 rotations per minute. Surprisingly, the Fujitsu hard disk ran the longest, at 113 minutes--a full 10 minutes longer than the second place, $700 Intel SSD. Finally, the Patriot took its time in our boot-speed test, dragging its feet to take 35 seconds to complete loading the operating system. Coincidentally, both hard drives spent 32 seconds booting up, but of course the X-25M crushed the competition in just 26 seconds.
Taking a look at the Patriot drive's final performance scores only boosts our recommendation to save up and buy the Intel X-25M solid-state drive if you're consumed with performance and money is no object. Granted, we haven't had the chance to test other SSDs, but if the Patriot is an indicator of non-Intel solid-states, then the industry still has a long way to go before it can deliver on its initial promise. On a consumer level, you'll see your money go much further with a high-level 7,200rpm laptop hard drive.Cerebrospinal fluid is produced in the brain; it’s role is to nourish, detoxify, and protect the central nervous system. Similar to a toilet tank, this fluid fills and drains at around 8-12 cycles per minute. Changes in fluid volume create a very subtle expansion/contraction in the body’s tissues, known as the CranioSacral Rhythm (CSR). The CSR can be felt anywhere in the body, but most noticeably near the head and spine. It has been scientifically measured, and with patient practice, you can learn to feel it yourself.
Feeling your CranioSacral Rhythm is a relaxing, healing, and meditative experience. It's like an internal ocean, expanding from your core, rocking every cell in it's ebb and flow. It's easiest to feel when you’re relaxed and curiously open. Beginners often find that when they surrender the ‘effort’ to feel it, it emerges from nowhere! This is a skill anyone can learn...and like most things, it gets easier with practice. Your hands are perceptive instruments that can sense, communicate with, and heal your body (and other's too).
To feel your CSR, start with a very light touch. Let your hands rest on your body without effort, like a cork floating in water. Ask your body’s intelligence to reveal your CranioSacral Rhythm. Wait patiently, comfortably, and let the rhythm come to you. You've found it when you feel a slow expansion/contraction motion that has a floating, suspended quality. Use your hands to gently follow the movements that arise, without adding anything extra. Let the rhythm 'lead' as your dance partner. If you don’t feel anything, don’t be discouraged...just try again later.
Stay relaxed. Try these positions and discover what works best for you...
Lying down: Lay down on a soft surface. Place your palms at the crown or sides of your head, allowing your elbows to comfortably fall to the side (pillow optional) OR....Rest the center of your palms on your hip bones (to each side of your belly button). If you fall asleep easily, this may not be the best option.
Seated: Sit at a table in a comfortable chair. Rest your elbows on the table, and cradle your palms around the sides or crown of your head OR....Sit upright in a chair, feet on the ground, uncrossed. Rest your palms in your lap at about mid-thigh.
In the tub: Seated or reclining in a warm bath, rest your palms on your head, hip bones, or thighs. This is a nice option that helps you relax into weightlessness, let go, and attune to the movement of fluids.
As you spend time feeling and observing your CSR, you may notice it changes in quality. The tissue under your hands may release tension and become more spacious, softer, warmer, fuller etc. (a.k.a. myofascial release). You may perceive pulsing, tingling, spiraling, colors/light, or even recall old memories, injuries, or emotions. Sometimes the CSR can even stop for a few moments, entering a period of dynamic stillness that allows the whole body to recharge and re-boot.
Feeling your CSR can be a powerful method for self-care, meditation, and stress reduction. It can connect you to your own body-wisdom, and increase both your sensitivity and effectiveness as a bodywork professional. Good luck!The physical compliment to the Exhibition, with a potential life outside and after the Exhibition or Event. The format offers a possibility to deepen a conversation, to give background and to physically travel and exist in other places.
Høyblokka - Open Call
2014
To enrich the debate surrounding the future of the government quarters in Oslo, Architecture N and 0047 issued in February 2014 an open call to the general public for visions and ideas for the government quarters. Over 50 entries, ranging from poems to architectural designs, were submitted and later exhibited in 0047s gallery. Architecture N no.4 presents a selection of projects from the exhibition.
Arkitektur N, No. 4-2014
Published by: NAL
Radical Cartography
2012
Radical Cartography was made for the exhibition of texts written by Philippe Rekacewicz, explaining the history and thoughts behind the maps that were presented in the exhibition at 0047.
Texts by Phillipe Rekacewicz
Produced by 0047 and Le Monde Diplomatique
Published by 0047 PRESS
Handbook for
Commited Architects
2011
Håndbok for engasjerte arkitekter (Handbook for Committed Architects) shows the highlights from the Year of Architecure, including the Architecture Festival at Vulkan, Oslo.
Designed as a handbook, the idea for the publication is to inspire future outreach and social commitment through exemplifying how to work with architecture through new formats and processes.
Publication is available in Norwegian only.
Texts by Lars Elton
Graphic design by Ariane Spanier
Produced by 0047
Published by NAL
And The Seasons;
They Go Round and Round
2010
As the final installment to the two exhibitions curated by Carson Chan in the spring of 2010, 0047 published And the Seasons; They Go Round and Round, a catalogue to the exhibitions of the same names. Featuring essays by New Yorker writer Nick Paumgarten, artist and writer Patricia Reed, and the economist Amin Samman, the catalogue seeks to expand the investigation of the overall geometry of our social, aesthetic and economic life that was initiated by the exhibitions.
Texts by Martin A. Armstrong, Carson Chan, Edward E. Dewey, Nick Paumgarten, Patricia Reed, Amin T. Samman
Graphic design by Vaguely Contemporary (John McCusker & Sara Hartman)
Edited by Carson Chan, John McCusker and Sara Hartman
Published by 0047 PRESS
142pages, ISBN 978-82-92960-03-5
The Armenia Project
2009
In 2009, artists Unni Gjertsen and Liv Strand embarked on a journey to Armenia – a land with idiosyncratic connections to ancient times and early Christianity, ambiguously situated somewhere in the southern region of the Caucasus. In the origins of the journey were questions on nationalisms and their relation to memory and the mediatory body between them.
The publication is a record of processes and observations from the journey and an integral part of the exhibition Tales of Fraternity, Power and Time – The Armenia Project.
Northern Experiments
2009
The increased activity in the Arctic.
Texts by Alexander Sverdlov, Morten Strøksnes, Aileen Espíritu, Joar Nango, Magnus Jørgensen, Gert Gundersen, Dennis Zalamans and Gisle Løkken.
Projects by BuroMoscow (RU), NORD (DK), Testbedstudio (SE), Department of Urban Design and Planning, NTNU and 0047 (NO).
Graphic design by Ariane Spanier
Edited by Espen Røyseland and Øystein Rø
Published by 0047
260 pages, ISBN 978-82-92960-01-1
Norwegian Collection
of
Potential Architecture
2007
Poster from the exhibiton Norwegian Collection of Potential Architecure.
Texts by Håkon Matre Aasarød (Fantastic Norway), Aslak Hanshuus (Huus og Heim), Marianne Skjulhaug (BAS), Fredrik Shetelig (NTNU), Gerrit Mosebach (Plan B), Espen Røyseland and Øystein Rø (0047).
Graphic design by Ariane Spanier
Edited by Espen Røyseland and Øystein Rø
Published by 0047
Vodou
2007
A recorded version of the exhibition Vodou featuring:
Bjargey Ólafsdóttir (IS), Bo I. Cavefors (SE), Chisel (NO), Ingvild Langgård and Thora Dolven Balke (NO), Iwo Myrin (SE), Kira Kira (IS), Leander Djønne (NO), Leif Holmstrand (SE), Pär Thörn (SE), Ragnar Kjartansson (IS), Vinyl -Terror & Horror (DK)
Dugnad -
Social Design for Scandinavian Towns
2006
Catalogue for the exhibition Dugnad – Social Design for Scandinavian Towns featuring Fantastic Norway and Håkki.
Texts by Martin Braathen, Elisabeth Byre, Carson Chan, Nils G. Johansson, Celine Blom, Andreas Schlaegel and Jesko Fezer
Edited by Martin Braathen, Elisabeth Byre and Carson Chan
Published by 0047
Folks go nuts for Halloween in Alameda! The yards are super- decorated-scary. Fog machines. Dead people coming up from their graves at the house next door. Music and sounds and zombies.
And on Grand Street, in the Gold Coast…they do things right. An outhouse is in front of the large house that is getting remodeled. And of course…it’s making a statement. Somebody’s been too long in there. Cleaver…I mean clever!
COMMENTARY
I got a call from an agent today. It was something of a nightmare as I heard it. She wanted to know if I got her offer yesterday on a listing I have. Um, no. I was expecting it and we had chatted over the phone about it, and even emailed about it. But with the other 20 folks who submitted offers (yes, 20), I thought her clients had thoughts about writing it. The Seller had an accepted offer before we went to dinner last night, about 9pm.
So when her call came today…I thought…what have I done? How did I miss it? Electronically, I put the 30 agents who asked for disclosures, on a list under the Seller’s name. She was there!. I kept track of everyone who wrote an offer…electronically. She wasn’t there. I couldn’t find any email with an offer!
Being prepared for the worst (as in did I miss something so good that it was better than what the Seller accepted?)….I asked her to tell me about the offer. It was not nearly as good as the accepted offer, but it was all cash. Then I asked her to check the email she sent it to. It went to marilynshu@gmail.com. There was one small item missing. The c in schu. And that’s why I didn’t get it. She had used my correct email during the day! But this time…she decided to abandone the thread..and start fresh.
Alrighty. Here’s my lesson as a real estate broker. When in doubt, call to be sure any offer has been received by the listing agent. Call again and again! Don’t email…call! And make sure your client knows that it’s been received by the listing agent. End of story.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE THIS WEEK
Broker tour Tues 14 on the tour. I rode to all on the main island, plus the farmer’s market!
Highest and Lowest Priced NEW listings this week.
New 18
Price change 1
Pending 18
Sold 14
Withdrawn temporarily 3
Expired 1
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE AWARDS THIS WEEK…remember this is only my perspective!
Winner 2526 Clement…I thought it sounded like a commercial building…just before Broadway. I loved this place! The owner, an artist, has made it completely her own, and when I like something and it touches my heart..I can’t even describe it! And this happened to me on Tues. It is bright, colorful, stylish, neat as a pin. And wedged between several small commercial buildings.
Get me to rehab
Get me a makeover
OK! The city if offering a bike tour of Alameda Point on Sat at 9am up at the City Hall West (look for signs). I’ll be there! Check out the link if you are going…limited space, need a bike helmet, some bikes for rent, etc!
Love this town! I mean even when somebody stole my bike light from Walgreens this evening. I posted on Facebook…and somebody responded…”maybe s/he needed it more than me”…And it was a really great light. I’ll get another.
Carry on! Make it work! Bring a bike to The Point! best, marilynYour Organization's Most Complex Journey — Simplified
Rising customer expectations and a highly competitive business landscape have made transforming to digital a business imperative. Regardless of the size of your organization, your business model, or the phase you’re in, Digital Transformation is one of the most important and daunting initiatives you’ll ever undertake. The opportunities are substantial — and so are the complexities.
At Sendero, we excel at making the complex manageable. We begin by partnering with your team to define your vision and formulate a strategic plan. Then, we segment your transformation into manageable phases that allow you to move ahead as swiftly or methodically as you choose.
Our depth of experience in this area is a true asset to clients. We take an iterative approach that allows you to better adapt to dynamic business conditions. We also collaborate closely with your team to find the solutions that work best for your company. And because a true Digital Transformation impacts organization structure, culture, and processes, our strength in Organizational Effectiveness helps ensure the end-user buy in that is crucial to achieving optimal results.
Turning Transformation Into Orderly Transition
Our consultants come from a variety of backgrounds. Their experience with a broad array of approaches, methodologies, and best practices enable them to pinpoint the best course of action in areas such as:
- Transformation Planning, including business model impact assessment, customer and competitor analysis, and strategic sourcing
- Organization Analysis and Design to position the right people in the right roles for optimal performance
- Culture Assessment to ensure successful adoption and transition to a digital environment
- Systems Implementation and Integration, including custom and package systems, plus mobility
- Infrastructure Modernization, including current state assessment, planning, and execution
- Data & Analytics to provide insights for decision-making and continuous improvement
- Vendor Management to provide seamless project and program management
- Testing and Automated Testing to expedite solution deploymentReforms in finance are moving as slow as molasses in February!
Haze Henderson on CSRwire has some ideas about financial reform:
Ethical Markets: Transforming Finance Still Top Priority
By Hazel Henderson - CSRwire:
1. Restoring trust and integrity to currencies and monetary systems.2. Transforming the global financial services industry from extraction to creating community health by:
- Supporting a financial transaction tax, being implemented in many countries.
- Protecting the commons and public infrastructure from privatization.3. Building a new financial system that includes:
- Restoring a public banking system.
- Directing investments to undercapitalized communities through Community Development Financial Institutions and microfinance.
- Creating the enabling conditions to support local living economies.
- Investing democratically through crowdfunding.
- Continuing to involve mainstream financial institutions that demonstrably share our goals, values and ethics.4. Restoring democracy and our collective capacity to regulate, tax and invest in public priorities by limiting money in politics, amending “corporate personhood” and the “money is speech” doctrines, and promoting public financing of elections.
8:
Don’t
give up hope of getting finance even with poor credit score as there are the
lenders of bad
credit loans available online.
10,000
Guaranteed Approval Personal Loans For Bad Credit. Guaranteed approval personal
loans for bad credit for personal with poor credit scores, the
chances of recovering from bad economic situations are improved.The new generation of Karelians is looking to traditional culture for ways to make identifying as Karelian trendy. Photo: Avisitors to the Kizhi museum-reserve attends a lesson on flax processing as part of the Knowledge Day celebrations.Ilya Timin/RIA Novosti
In the Russian North, along the Finnish border, there lives small group of Finno-Ugric people who have existed for centuries at the crossroads of Russian Orthodox, Catholic and Lutheran cultures. Their unique position has given them outsized influence in Russian, Scandinavian and even world history. Without the Karelians, there very likely would not have been the Eye or Sauron and the quest to return a ring to the fires of Mount Doom.
The first written mention of "Korely" can be found in 11th-century bark chronicles discovered during excavations in Novgorod Velikiy, but the Norse people were familiar with the area even earlier. Norse people explored what is now Karelia, founding settlements on the Ladoga Skerries. This area, a thin isthmus of land between the Lakes Onega and Ladoga, is the birthplace of Karelians.
After the events of the Time of Troubles, a dynastic struggle that roiled Russia the turn of the 17th century, the Karelian isthmus fell under the rule of Sweden. Some of the Karelians stayed in territory that became part of Finland, gradually becoming part of the Finnish people. Others, however, moved south into Russia.
"The Karelians were Orthodox, and although Northern Ladoga was still owned by Sweden, they did not want to live under the rule of the Lutherans and fled en masse to Russia," said Alexander Pashkov, a professor of history of Petrozavodsk State University.
"The area emptied, and some Karelians settled in the Tver region, and later formed a sub-ethnos known as 'Tver Karelians.' According to one theory, the roots of current Russian President Vladimir Putin stem from this group," Pashkov added.
Another group of Karelians settled along the White Sea coast, and it was this group that provided the inspiration for the “Lord of the Rings” trilogy. J.R.R. Tolkien repeatedly said that he was inspired by the epic Kalevala, which was compiled by Finnish ethnographer Elias Lönnrot from the rune-singing in Karelian villages. During visits to the areas, he listened to storytellers who had preserved the ancient epic of the Finno-Ugric peoples in the oral tradition.
Even now, visitors to the village of Kalevala near the Finnish-Russian border can see the famous Lönnrot Pine Tree, under which the ethnographer listened to singers and wrote down ancient songs.
Today there are approximately 73,000 Karelians. According to the 2010 Russian census, there are about 60,000 Karelians in Russia. Approximately 10,000 Karelians live in Finland. Others are scattered around Belarus and the Baltic states. According to press reports, about 5,000 people can speak the Karelian language.
Preserving and developing the Karelian language could help with the economic development of Russian Karelia, according to Alexei Tsykarev, a member of the United Nations' Expert Mechanism on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. Photo: Women in national Karelian dresses. Source: Interpress/PhotoXPress
"Fortunately, Finland also has Karelia, where I lived most of my Finnish life," said author Arvi Perttu, who moved to Finland from Petrozavodsk, the capitol of Russian Karelia in the 1990s. "The Finnish Karelians are sociable and cheerful people, while Western Finns are the very Finns from Russian jokes, taciturn and sullen."
The new generation of Karelians, trying to find their place in an increasingly globalized world, is more and more looking to traditional culture for ways to make identifying as Karelian trendy. Karelian-language courses have opened in the region, while Karelia's Santa Claus – the young and beardless Pakkaine – has become a popular local figure.
In 2016, a rap album in the Karelian language was recorded in Karelia for the first time. The performer, Ondrej (Andrei Gorshkov), a musician and actor with the National Theatre of Karelia, said that cultural preservation was the motivation behind the album.
"The main purpose of Karelian-language rap is the preservation and development of the language," Ondrej said. "With this example, I want to show that it is not only grandparents that talk in the Karelian language, but you can even rap in it."
Karelian-language courses have opened in the region, while Karelia's Santa Claus – the young and beardless Pakkaine – has become a popular local figure. Photo: Pakkaine-frost from Karelia parades during Father Frost's birthday celebrations in Veliky Ustyug. Source: Mikhail Fomichev/RIA Novosti
Preserving and developing the Karelian language could help with the economic development of Russian Karelia, according to Alexei Tsykarev, a member of the United Nations' Expert Mechanism on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.
"Projects are many, but the most interesting, in my opinion, are those designed to work with young people. For example, the popularization of Karelian skittles – Kyykkä [ed: a folk sport similar to Russian Gorodki] – is underway in the region for the third year. Now our team already participates in Russian Gorodki tournaments, we organize Karelian-Finnish Kyykkä games " he said. The game is a kind of cross between horseshoes and bowling.
Another interesting project is the creation of a bilingual environment in the ancient Karelian village of Vedlozero. "We translated all signs into Karelian, agreed with the local store to make price tags and names in the two languages and give bonuses or discounts to those who communicate with saleswomen in Karelian. People became involved, and this again is not only a cultural project, but also a kind of tourist attraction. Russia is strong with uniqueness of its regions, and we have no right to lose this uniqueness," Tsykarev said.
Subscribe
to our newsletter!
Get the week's best stories straight to your inboxPrev
C++ VC ATL STL Concurrency Experts Index
Headers
Your browser does not support iframes.
Re: What is the output of this program?
From:
"kanze" <kanze@gabi-soft.fr>
Newsgroups:
comp.lang.c++.moderated
Date:
11 Jul 2006 16:43:19 -0400
Message-ID:
<1152610711.696522.28820@35g2000cwc.googlegroups.com>
Alf P. Steinbach wrote:
* James Kanze:
Alf P. Steinbach wrote:
* dnguyenk@yahoo.com:
//...
string ToUpper(const string& s1)
{
Class 'string' is undefined. For the sake of
discussion, assuming it is 'std::string'. This could
have been avoided by not using a 'using'.
string s2;
Uninformative name. 'result' would have been informative.
for (int i = 0; i < s1.size(); ++i)
'int' doesn't necessarily have large enough range.
But realistically, on a 32 bit machine, that won't really be a
problem. (Today. As memory becomes bigger, of course, it could
become reasonable to have strings longer than 231 characters.)
No, realistically, int is only guaranteed to be 16-bit, and
the OP did not state any particular target system: AFAIK most
development is for embedded systems (whether it's that way for
C++, I don't know).
It depends on what you understand by "realistically". There are
certainly 16 bit embedded systems around; I doubt very much,
however, that they are hosted implementations, or that people
play around with std::string on them. More to the point, I
explicitly said 32 bit machines---many people don't need to be
portable to 16 bit machines today, and if that's the case,
worrying about the fact that the standard allows int to be a 16
bit value isn't relevant.
Note that I don't disagree with your overall point. i should
have type size_t, if only to ensure that you aren't mixing
signed and unsigned.
if (isalpha(s1[i]))
'isalpha' (assuming this is 'std::isalpha') may produce
an unexpected result if 'char' is signed.
It depends on what headers were included. Generally
speaking, std::isalpha() doesn't have this problem.
No, that's incorrect.
According to the standard, std::isalpha takes two arguments, and
works with char, signed or not.
On the other hand, it takes two arguments, so it is
obviously not the one he is using.
No, there are two overloads of std::isalpha.
There's a lot more than that.
"It" has one overload that takes one argument, available from
<cctype>, and one that takes two, available from <locale>.
The one with two arguments is not the one called above with
one argument.
But the error isn't that he is passing a signed char to a
function where it is illegal; the error is that he forgot an
argument. Written correctly, std::isalpha doesn't have this
problem. The old, C compatible ::isalpha does, as does the
compatibility hack std::isalpha in <cctype>. But there's no
reason to use this in modern C++, given that there is a "pure C"
alternative.
If we assume ::isalpha, from the C header <ctype.h>, then it's
not an "unexpected result", it's undefined behavior.
No, the statement may produce an unexpected result, as I wrote, and it
is (for actual negative argument values except EOF) undefined behavior.
You are correct that it isn't an unexpected result. However, nobody
has maintained that it is, only that it may produce one, which it may.
Alf, I know you know the difference between undefined behavior,
and unexpected results. In practice, at least on the machines I
have access to (Sun CC under Solaris, g++ under Linux), it
produces the expected result for all values except '?'. (And
this is guaranteed, as an extention; one characteristic of
undefined behavior is that the implementation can define it.)
What it produces on any given machine is irrelevant, however,
with regards to the language C++, and an error checking
implementation could very well do bounds checking and abort when
passed a negative value.
Or were you simply being a little ironic (or using litote)---a
core dump is probably not the "expected result". If so, I
misunderstood you, and I agree.
(There's also a potential thread safety issue, but in
practice, it's not a problem.)
No, the C++ standard does not address thread safety. Or
threads, at all. With any particular C++ implementation,
thread library and calling context there may be a thread
safety issue or not.
That's what I meant by "potential". Under Posix, there is
definitly a thread safety issue---but only if another thread
calls setlocale at the same time you call isalpha. Typically,
of course, setlocale will be called once on program start-up,
before threads are started, and never otherwise, so typically,
this isn't a problem. But it's something that one probably
should keep in mind.
(And of course, we know that the C++ language doesn't address
threading yet. It almost certainly will, and regardless of
whether the language addresses the problem or not, most C++
programmers do have to take it into account.)
This means Unpredictable Behavior.
According to the standard, undefined behavior.
Yes.
But I agree that the probability of anything other than
just a random result is pretty low.
No, I haven't stated that.
Argument should be casted to unsigned.
unsigned char. Casting it to unsigned isn't correct
either, as it can result in values like 0x7FFFFF62.
Yes. I think one who understands enough to do the cast will
cast to the correct unsigned type. Nevertheless, it should
perhaps have been stated.
Given that the original poster didn't know enough that it had to
be cast to begin with...
Actually, I'd say that this is one place where a lot of people
have problems. The rules concerning promotion and conversion,
especially between signed and unsigned types, don't seem to be
especially well understood. (There's also a certain ambiguity
with "unsigned": according to the standard, it is a synonym for
"unsigned int", even if in common usage, we often use it as a
generic term for any unsigned integral type.)
[snip]
return 0;
Unnecessary; this is the default.
Still, main is a special case; it's much clearer to be
explicit.
Not as I see it, no, because what that statement is explicit
about is to indicate something that isn't true. The program
does not ensure a 'main' return value that reflects success or
failure, but the statement implies that it does, that there's
a possibility of some other exit code. There's nothing clear
about a statement that has no effect.
OK. At least if I understand you correctly: if you don't care
about the return value, or the only possible return value is
success, just fall off the end; if the return value might have
meaning (as it normally will in any program which doesn't run
indefinitly), then you explicitly say return 0 (or return
EXIT_SUCCESS) rather than just falling off the end.
Personally, I'd prefer "void main()" in such cases. But as the
standard forbids it... I guess I can accept this distinction.
}
No catching of possible exception.
With all the undefined behavior, he couldn't catch them reliably
anyway:-).
No, it's not a good idea to never indicate which way you're
turning (when driving a car) just because you're already in
violation of the traffic codes, e.g. by driving on the wrong
side of the road. A bad habit like never using the indicator,
or whatever it's called in English, will follow you when you
Seriously, I'm curious as to what you mean by this. For a
lot of simple programs, the default behavior of
terminating in case of an exception is quite acceptable.
And the only way to catch all exceptions is a
"catch(...)"; what do you do in the catch block?
For me, that depends on the program. For a novice, log to
std::cerr or std::clog, and exit with code EXIT_FAILURE.
The problem I have with it is that if I trap the exception, the
stack will be unwound, and I am guaranteed to have no clue as to
where it came from. If I don't trap it, there's a good chance
that the implementation won't unwind the stack, and I have a
core dump, which I can look at with a debugger, and see where
the exception came from. For a novice, this seems preferable.
(When deploying code, there are arguments both ways---the error
message you get when a program core dumps isn't necessarily
meaningful to a user. Although when deploying code in an
environment where the users aren't necessarily technically
aware, I will usually wrap it in a shell script which detects
the core dump, saves the core in a predetermined location, and
displays or logs some sort of user understandable error.)
A mistake made me stare at the screen for a while ...
Impossible to guess /which/ mistake that was; many to
choose from here.
Yes and no. Since he's also shown the set of test data,
we know that it doesn't actually contain values where the
signedness of char can cause problems. (The standard
guarantees that all characters in the basic execution set
have positive encodings when stored in a char.)
No, given all the errors we don't know that the test data
exhaustively tests all cases for the intended usage.
The code he posted was complete. We could clearly see that the
test data couldn't detect that he had forgotten an argument to
isalpha/tolower, and thus had undefined behavior. (For that
matter, test data can never show the absence of undefined
behavior.)
[snip]
2. Don't use raw indexing [] until you gain far more experience, use
'at' instead
(this catches bugs like forgetting to set the size of the result).
Use a good implementation of the STL which will core dump
with an error message in case of error.
Also, prefer iterators to []. It's more idiomatic, and in
this case, when creating a string (or any other
collection), the use of push_back() is also so idiomatic
that it should be second nature.
push_back can be a tad inefficient on strings, because strings are
usually short, and for short sequences the reallocations, assuming
scaling of buffer size, are more frequent and thus more costly.
True, and when dealing with longer strings, I almost always use
std::vector<char>, rather than std::strings. But for a
novice... The standard idiom is push_back. I'd say use it
unless there was some very concrete reason not to.
3. Do catch exceptions in 'main', report them on 'std::cerr' and in
that case return EXIT_FAILURE from 'main'
(this helps report e.g. an exception from 'at').
At least on the systems I work on, NOT catching an
unexpected exception is preferable. It also results in a
"failure" (seen from the OS side), but also gives a core
dump which allows for post mortem analysis; catching the
exception prevents this.
Depends much on the system and the programmer. Of course Just
In Time symbolic debugging is preferable to a 1960's core
dump... ;-)
I'm not sure. It supposes that the programmer is the user,
which isn't always the case. The nice thing about core dump's
is that you can recover them by email, and analyse them off
line.
However, for the novice the exception text will in most cases
be enough to get a good grip on the problem, much preferable
to fighting it out with a core dump,
I'm not sure I understand what you mean by "fighting it out with
a core dump". A novice is going to see core dumps often enough
anyway; he really should learn how to deal with them. And just
where is the difference between having the debugger pop up
immediately, and having to invoke it with the name of the core
file. (Once you're in the debugger, there is no difference.
You're doing a post mortem on a program which is no longer
running.)
and for the experienced and professional logs are Really Nice
To Have, and core dumps can be easily arranged when
reproducing the error.
For deployed code, a nice log with the information concerning
what you were doing before the core dump occured is often more
useful than the core dump itself---nine times out of ten, I can
find the error uniquely from the logs, without even looking at
the core dump. But I think we agree that it will be a while
before the original programmer is generating that kind of log.
(On the other hand, had he compiled with g++ and the correct
debugging options, he already be dealing with core dumps:-).)
-- 57a . When a Jew murders a gentile, there will be no
death penalty. What a Jew steals from a gentile he may keep.Other Sellers on Amazon
& FREE Delivery
83% positive over last 12 months
& FREE Delivery
82% positive over last 12 months
& FREE Delivery
Jamie's 15 Minute Meals Delicious, Nutritious, Super-Fast Food - By Jamie Oliver Hardcover – 28 September 2012
Enhance your purchase
.
Frequently bought together
From the Publisher
.
Jamie Olised.
Product description
Review
Jamie Oliver's 15-Minute Meals is far and away the most balanced and exciting everyday cookbook out there - and if you liked 30-Minute Meals, this will knock your socks off. Jamie should be given the Victoria Cross ― The Times
Book Description
Don't have a Kindle? Get your Kindle here, or download a FREE Kindle Reading App.
Product details
- Publisher : Michael Joseph; 1st edition (28 September 2012)
- Language : English
- Hardcover : 288 pages
- ISBN-10 : 071815780X
- ISBN-13 : 978-0718157807
- Reading age : Baby and up
- Dimensions : 20.1 x 2.8 x 25.4 cm
- Best Sellers Rank: 7,014 in Books (See Top 100 in Books)
- 42 in Natural Food Cooking
- 55 in Quick & Easy Cooking (Books)
- 91 in Vegan Food
- Customer Reviews:
About the author
Customer reviews
Review this product
Top reviews from Australia
There was a problem filtering reviews right now. Please try again later.
Top reviews from other countries
Negatives (apart from the slight cooking time fib) are: making these meals turns our kitchen into a bombsite which needs another 15 minutes of dedicated cleaning, also our shopping bill goes up noticeably when we have a few of these in the weeks menus.
Even with all that though - almost every meal is a delight to eat, can't even take a star off.
Reviewed in the United Kingdom on 16 February 2021
My prediction based on the jury selection only:
a mistrial
Of course!
Who, exactly is representing his victims? What attorney not work the ink on his law degree is not contesting, or allowed in the first place, a jury makeup like that.
It's going to be the Marissa Alexander and Trayvon Martin trials all over again, where the prosecutor is going to deliberately throw the trial to guarantee that no one will have to pay for harming, or brutalizing or raping or even murdering someone Black.
This will be aided by America's racist media that has been trying to 'blackout' the story entirely, because of course, it flies in the face of the racist propaganda that tries to make the world believe that only White women are raped, and that only rapists in America are Black.
Look at how much coverage was given to Cosby's accusers with no evidence whatsoever. Now compare that to the conscious, deliberate media 'blackout' of this case.Manufactured Homes for Sale or Rent near Greensburg, PA
Start living the life you’ve been dreaming of when you find UMH Properties, Inc.’s manufactured homes for sale or rent near Greensburg, PA. From open concept floor plans to spacious master suites, our manufactured and modular homes have all the sought-after features you want, at a price you will love. Check out our endless variety of upgrades that make your home the perfect place for you. Find everything from real wood cabinets and laminate floors to full kitchen appliance packages. When you buy or rent a manufactured home with UMH Properties, Inc., you gain community living. Come visit our friendly and welcoming Greensburg area manufactured and modular home communities today!
Whispering Pines
Somerset, Pennsylvania
Home Prices
$ 75,000 +
Rental Prices
$ 1100 +
About Greensburg
Greensburg is just a short drive from the center of Pittsburg, PA. This bustling city gives its residents all the amenities of big town living while providing quick access to entertainment and fine dining. Spend the day exploring one of Greensburg’s many wonders. Catch a show or musical performance at The Palace Theatre or The Saint Clair Park amphitheatre. After a show at Saint Clair, enjoy the activities and sunshine both this park and the nearby Lynch Field Park provide for outdoor enthusiasts. Greensburg also boasts a variety of dining experiences for residents of a new manufactured home to enjoy. Stop by All Saints Brewing Company to sample a range of brews on tap, or check out The Headkeeper, Lupi & Leo, or The Sun Dawg Cafe for a unique bite to eat.
Employment and Education Near Greensburg
If you’re in need of a new career, Greensburg is the perfect place to begin your search. One of the top employers in the Greensburg area is Kforce, a global staffing and career matching company, dedicated to helping residents find their perfect job. Those who find passion in the education field can look at teaching and administration careers at the nearby Carnegie Mellon University and the University of Pittsburgh. Other top employers in the area include Bayer, Google, Uber, NetApp, and Accenture.
There are a variety of higher education opportunities available to manufactured home residents in the Greensburg, PA area. Seton Hill University, the University of Pittsburgh at Greensburg, and Westmoreland County Community College all offer a range of majors for applicants to choose from.
Frequently Asked Questions
What Is The Difference Between Mobile Homes and Modular Homes?.
In what School District is Greensburg, PA?
Hempfield Area School District
Greensburg Salem School District
Greater Latrobe School District).
• Dinkum Doll bodies are made from 100% cotton• Interior stuffing is hypo-allergenic polyfill• Romper is made from soft cotton, wood buttons, and velcro• T-shirt is made from soft cotton with a velcro fastening• Shoes are made from Biodegradable PVC• Suitable for ages 3+
Dimensions: 35cm Body
Weight: 0.4 kg
RECEIVE 10% OFF YOUR FIRST ORDERSave Constitution march on Republic Day: Opposition leaders including Sharad Pawar, Hardik Patel and Omar Abdullah meet in Mumbai
The march is being seen as an attempt to consolidate anti-BJP forces ahead of the 2019 Lok Sabha elections.
Published: 26th January 2018 03:54 PM | Last Updated: 26th January 2018 08:14 PM | A+A A-
NCP chief Sharad Pawar CPI's D Raja expelled JD U Sharad Yadav Hardik Patel and TMC's Dinesh Trivedi at the 'Save our Constitution' march in Mumbai on Friday. (PTI)Sako Custom – Build Your Custom Rifle
A rifle is so much more than a means to an end. It’s a reflection of who you are and as individual as you are. With the Sako Custom concept, you can customize your very own Sako 85 rifle based on your personal needs and preferences. We offer thousands of different combinations for you to choose from. Our talented gunsmiths in Riihimäki Finland will then build the rifle according to your choices.In Part III of this series, we looked active health monitors for the sample web application created by Easy Deploy. In this post, we will extend monitoring of the sample web application by adding check for server maintenance mode.
A network engineering team does not need to be involved in website maintenance – the load balancer can be configured to detect maintenance and transparently route traffic away from the impacted node. As a developer, you should not need to involve the load balancer team to perform routine maintenance on your web application. A developer can control the behavior of the load balancer by having a maintenance mode health check configured on their application’s pool.
There are several operations in this post that you may be unfamiliar with. Don’t worry! I will explain it all to you. You will perform the following in this post:
- Add a user account to a Linux server and add it to the sudo group
- Install the scripting language PHP using apt
- Download PHP code by cloning a Git repository
- Use curl to make an HTTP request
- Create a health monitor and configure server maintenance mode
We continue to use the existing Ubuntu Linux webservers from the sample app provided by the Easy Deploy appliance.
Configure SSH access to webservers
Note: in this section, you should perform the operations on both webservers.
I don’t want to keep having to run the same docker exec command to get into the webservers as shown in the Apache section of Part III. I will configure the webservers so I can SSH directly. As a reminder from the previous section, the commands to run from the EasyDeploy appliance are:
docker exec -it easyavi /bin/bash cd /root/.ssh ssh -i id_rsa ubuntu@x.x.x.x
Note: If you’re already comfortable using password-free logins, you can skip adding the user account and download the RSA key to your local workstation. You could then do the rest of the tasks SSHing as the ubuntu user.
Once SSHed into the webserver, add a user account.
sudo su adduser pkremer
The account needs to be able to gain root access; add it to the sudo group, then switch into it.
usermod -aG sudo pkremer su - pkremer
Try to list the /root directory – it fails without sudo, but succeeds with sudo.
ls -al /root sudo ls -al /root
Here is the SSH window output:
It is now possible to SSH directly to the web node without first connecting to the Easy Deploy appliance.
Remember: Configure both web nodes identically.
Install PHP
Note: in this section, you should perform the operations on both webservers.
PHP is a server side scripting language. This section uses PHP to create a dynamic maintenance page to notify the load balancer that the web server is undergoing maintenance.
Update apt, then install PHP and the apache2 PHP module.
apt update apt install php libapache2-mod-php
The installation should enable PHP, but run the command to make sure.
a2enmod php7.2
Reload the Apache webserver
/etc/init.d/apache2 reload
Remember: Configure both web nodes identically.
Download the Maintenance Page
Note: in this section, you should perform the operations on both webservers.
The code for this post can be found in Github. Github is a central repository for code, allowing many developers to work simultaneously on a single codebase. git is a utility used to manipulate code. I wrote a post on using Git to contribute to an open source project, you can check it out for further learning.
The git clone operation shown below will create an exact copy of a project on the webservers.
SSH to backend-0 and su to root, then cd to /var/www/html – this is the default directory for webpages.
sudo su cd /var/www/html
Clone the code in the Github repo.
git clone
Remember: Configure both web nodes identically.
Test the Maintenance Page
Note: in this section, you should perform the operations on both webservers.
Let’s look at the maintenance page. cd to the newly cloned directory, look at the files and show the maint.php file.
cd avi ls -al cat maint.php
The code is designed to alternate placing the webservers in maintenance mode every minute. You obviously wouldn’t take a webserver in and out of maintenance mode every minute in a real-world scenario – this is just for illustrative purposes. The simulation is a bare-bones example of how a developer might write code in their application to cleanly take down a node without having to involve a member of the load balancer team. During maintenance, the maintenance page sends HTTP code 503.
backend-0 will be available during even-numbered minutes
backend-1 will be available during odd-numbered minutes.
<?php $nowtime = time(); $hostname = gethostname(); echo $hostname . ' '; $hostid = substr($hostname,-1); $mins = date('i',$nowtime); if ($mins %2 == $hostid ) { echo "OK"; } else { echo header("HTTP/1.1 503 Down for maintenance"); echo "Down for maint"; } ?>
Check the date and time by using the date command. Then run the curl command to execute maint.php
date curl
Your output will depend on what time it is when you run the command. In this case we were in an odd-numbered minute, so backend-0 showed down.
Run the commands again during an even-numbered minute and backend-0 will show OK.
On backend-1, run the same commands. The web server will show OK during odd numbered minutes and down for maintenance during even numbered minutes.
Remember: Configure both web nodes identically.
On either webserver, run the watch command. watch lets you run a command or set of commands repeatedly. In this case the maintenance pages on both webservers are being called every 2 seconds.
watch "date && curl -s && echo "" && curl -s"
We see one node down and the other one up. The screen refreshes every 2 seconds.
When a minute passes, the nodes will flip.
Create a Health Monitor
Under Templates, click on Health Monitors, then click Create
Name it ‘web-maint’ and set it to HTTP
Change the user input to
GET /avi/maint.php HTTP/1.1
This will cause the health check to fetch the maintenance page.
Put 2xx and 3xx in the Response Code – these are successful responses. Then put code 503 for the maintenance response code. When a server is placed in maintenance mode, no new connections are sent to it and existing connections are drained.
Back under Applications>Pools, edit pool pool-hello-vmc. Add the web-maint active monitor and click Save.
The pool will flip back and forth between the nodes every minute. Again, this is not behavior that you’d typically want out of a production web application – this maintenance page was designed to cause a load balancing change every 60 seconds.
Looking in the pool’s logs under the Events tab, you will see the nodes flipping every minute.
Summary
In this post, we covered how to build a monitor with server maintenance mode. If you haven’t worked with Linux and Git much, or at all, you may have felt uncomfortable with the commands. That’s OK! Everybody starts off knowing no commands. As with anything, practice creates familiarity.
NSX Advanced Load Balancer – Part III – Active HTTP Monitor -
[…] all for this post. In the next post, we will explore health check maintenance mode […]List] [3445] [4596] [5371] [1937] [3016] [258] [645] [4743] [4085] [1503]
Forex,Forex market,Trading,how to trade forex,scalping,The BEST Scalping Strategy for 2020 - Green Forex Academy,scalping forex 2020,5 minutes scalping strategy,day scalping strategy,green forex ... ICmarkets - Best broker for Scalping: join IQOPTION NOW!! click here: Facebo... These are our top 3 forex Brokers! Insanely I forgot to mention who ranks best for spreads & currently Blueberry Markets seems to be giving you the best bang....Fowkes, Rouse, Brown join Belmont Savings Bank in Belmont County
BELLAIRE — Belmont Savings Bank announced the addition of new team members: Joanna Fowkes, Razmine Rouse and Susan Brown.
“We are excited to have these ladies join the BSB team. Their experience, knowledge, and community involvement are all a great fit, and it’s exactly what we are looking for to help us grow,” Todd Cover, president and CEO, said.
Fowkes will be the branch manager at the Bellaire office. She has been in banking for over 10 years with knowledge in every aspect of the bank. From loans to internal auditing and opening accounts, including CDs, IRAs, and estate accounts, she will bring a wealth of knowledge for customers. She is a former member of the Bridgeport Rotary and a graduate from the Universal Banking Class in Columbus, Ohio. She holds a bachelor’s degree in education from West Liberty University and a master’s in teacher leadership from the University of Phoenix. She lives in Wheeling with her two cats. Fowkes can be reached at the branch at 740-325-9029.
Rouse will be the branch manager at the St. Clairsville office. She has been in banking for over eight years serving the St Clairsville area. With her universal banker training from the Ohio Bankers League in Columbus along with her experience, she offers a wealth of knowledge to the community, customers, and employees. Razmine majored in business management at the University of Akron.
She enjoys being involved in the community, which is a perfect fit, as BSB is very community focused. Razmine currently lives in Rayland and can be reached at the branch at 740-695-0140.
Brown will be the mortgage loan officer for the St. Clairsville branch. She has 28 years of banking experience and has worked throughout the Ohio Valley.
She is instrumental in managing a banking office, has helped with team building, is efficient with the mortgage process, and she has a passion for working with her customers and deepening their banking relationship. Brown works closely with her banking partners and is very involved in the community.
She is a former member of the Bridgeport Rotary and the chambers of commerce for Bridgeport, Shadyside and St. Clairsville. She lives in Shadyside with her son, Cullen Dalton.
She can be reached at 740-325-9046.Explore Fairbanks Official 2017-2018 Winter Guide
Filled with winter activity listings and an action-packed events calendar, the guide offers an informative, yet lighthearted view of winter in Alaska’s Interior and the Arctic
Fairbanks, AK (PRWEB) August 25, 2017
The 2017-2018 Fairbanks Winter Guide is now available for free. The Winter Guide, designed to help plan vacations in the winter season, is a 32-page full-color booklet. Filled with winter activity listings and an action-packed events calendar, the guide offers an informative, yet lighthearted view of winter in Alaska’s Interior and the Arctic. Like a trip inside a snow globe, Fairbanks offers northern lights viewing, one of the world’s largest ice-sculpting events and the exhilarating sport of dog mushing. This trio of events make the winter season a travelers’ snowy paradise.
The guide presents Fairbanks attractions and activities and also highlights nearby winter destinations. Visitors are invited to mush a team of huskies across the wilderness, discover Denali National Park during the winter months, journey above the Arctic Circle, visit Santa in North Pole, or delight in the warmth of an Alaskan hot spring at the end of an adventure-filled day.
The event section provides current information about winter activities, celebrations and sporting events. Highlights include events such as the at 800-327-5774 or (907) 456-5774 or write to 101 Dunkel Street, Suite 111, Fairbanks, Alaska 99701-4806. You can also order the guide or view it interactively online at..shop all
Skincare
Organic, natural skincare is the only choice for protecting your babies delicate skin. We have tried and tested these brands and we know you will love them.
- SaleLimitedDr. Bronner Pump Soap
$17.95save $1.85(save 10.3%)
May as well wash those hands & bodies in a little bit of luxury! This divine hand & body wash will give you good vibes, every time you use it.
In stock
- Nipple Care CreamRated 5.00 out of 5
$28.00save $2.80(save 10%)
Nipple Care Cream by Weleda is a lightly textured, yet rich moisturiser, designed for use during pregnancy and breastfeeding. Team it up with our Baby Beehinds bamboo breast pads & you have one deliciously soft combination for breastfeeding.
Only 3 left in stock
- Skin Food (75ml)
$22.00save $2.20(save 10%)
My all time favourite all round body product, Skin Food (75ml) is a unique, deeply nourishing and intensely hydrating whole-body cream that restores and protects your skin. Amazingly it’s been around since 1926 and is loved by celebrities all over the world for a reason.
- Mel)
- Mel)Report: Greg Monroe accepts Pistons' qualifying offer
Restricted free agent power forward Greg Monroe will accept the one-year, $5.3 million qualifying offer from Detroit so he can enter unrestricted free agency next summer, reports Jeff Zillgitt of USA Today.
Spencer Hawes is the only first-round pick to ever sign the QO and then sign a multi-year deal with that same team. First-round guards Ben Gordon and Raymond Felton signed qualifying offers with the Chicago Bulls and Charlotte Bobcats, but moved on to new teams the following summer.
Monroe, 24, averaged 15.2 points, 9.3 rebounds and 2.1 assists with the Pistons last season, in the final year of a four-year, rookie-scale contract worth $13 million.
More: The problem with Greg Monroe
As a restricted free agent, Monroe had the option to sign offer sheets with other teams. If he had signed a sheet from another team, Detroit would have had the option to match.
SI Recommends
Talks between the two sides were at a standstill last week after Detroit reportedly offered Monroe a five-year, $60 million deal, but then moved on from that offer, though Monroe disputes that the Pistons offered that deal.
A July report from The Times-Picayune said the Pelicans contacted the Pistons about potentially arranging a sign-and-trade for Monroe.
The Pistons this offseason and Alex HamplI'm looking to relocate from Philly to a small community that is moped friendly. Is there anything like a "little shore town" inland? I still want to be able to grocery shop on my moped. I'm trying to get out of the city, but I don't want to take a highway to the store.Mitigation
Today: +549 cases, +1 death, +2,425 first doses, +5,252 second doses, +8,383 other doses.
NOTE: My figures were wrong for almost two weeks. Well, the figures were right but the ordering was wrong;
- What I said were first doses were actually the number of other doses.
- What I said were second doses were actually first doses.
- What I said were other doses were actually second doses.
They should be correct going forward.
Currently 441 in hospital / 129 in ICU, 4,483 active cases, 201,267 recovered.
Charts
Vaccine rate by age in BC, first doses:
Second doses:
Zhe-Sen Yang (杨哲森)
View Dr. Zhe-Sen Yang's CV
Education
2008-2012 B.S. in Physics, Jilin University, China
2014-2020 Ph.D. in Theoretical Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences
Professional Experience
2020-present Postdoctoral Fellow, KITS, UCAS
Research Interests
Non-Hermitian system, Topological semimetals and Non-equilibrium phenomena
Publications
• Intrinsic dissipative Floquet superconductors beyond mean-field theory
Qinghong Yang, Zhesen Yang, and Dong E. Liu
arXiv:2009.08351 (PRB under review)
• Helical damping and anomalous critical non-Hermitian skin effect
Chun-Hui Liu, Kai Zhang, Zhesen Yang, and Shu Chen
Phys. Rev. Research 2, 043167 (2020)
• Dissipative Floquet Majorana modes in proximity-induced topological superconductors
Zhesen Yang, Qinghong Yang, Jiangping Hu, and Dong E. Liu
arXiv:2004.14918 (PRL under review)
• Non-Hermitian skin modes induced by on-site dissipations and chiral tunneling effect
Yifei Yi, and Zhesen Yang
Phys. Rev. Lett. 125, 186802 (2020)
• The Bulk-boundary Correspondence in Non-Hermitian Hopf-link Exceptional Line Semimetals
Zhicheng Zhang, Zhesen Yang, and Jiangping Hu
Phys. Rev. B 102, 045412 (2020)
• Auxiliary generalized Brillouin zone approach in non-Hermitian band theory
Zhesen Yang, Kai Zhang, Chen Fang, and Jiangping Hu,
arXiv:1912.05499 (To appear in PRL)
• Fermion doubling theorems in 2D non-Hermitian systems for Fermi points and exceptional points
Zhesen Yang, A. P. Schnyder, Jiangping Hu, and Ching-Kai Chiu
arXiv:1912.02788 (PRL under review)
• Correspondence between winding numbers and skin modes in non-hermitian systems
Kai Zhang*, Zhesen Yang*, and Chen Fang
Phys. Rev. Lett. 125, 126402 (2020) (Editors’ Suggestion)
• Jones polynomial and knot transitions in topological semimetals,
Zhesen Yang, Ching-Kai Chiu, Chen Fang, and Jiangping Hu,
Phys. Rev. Lett. 124, 186402 (2020) (Editors’ Suggestion)
• Non-Hermitian Hopf-link exceptional line semimetals,
Zhesen Yang, and Jiangping Hu,
Phys. Rev. B 99, 081102 (2019) (R)
• =2-Josephson junction as a topological superconductor,
Zhesen Yang, Shengshan Qin, Qiang Zhang, Chen Fang, and Jiangping Hu,
Phys. Rev. B 98, 104515 (2018)Service Animals
on August 21, 2013 at 7:01 am
Chapter: Mike: Bookseller
Elayne sent me an awesome story a couple weeks ago and I finally got a comic made to go with it! From Elayne: “one of the other managers was On Duty while I was at lunch. A customer walked into[…]↓ Read the rest of this entry…i've not necessarily got a new pandora disney bead some occasion – definitely not considering last winter months! – as being the spring/summer collection agencies have on target more closely in mickey plus minnie layouts, that i feel i've sufficient previously. consequently we were thrilled if your aw18 array showed clearly to own a great hefty give attention to various other personas, bringing to help your life greater villainous part regarding excellent skiing conditions white-colored and the terrific earth with pinocchio. i'm sure pandora totally make the actual nail plate to the mind in terms of this charm’s layout. the actual mix off the particular lively teeth enamel large outdoor umbrella allure while using dangling jiminy is definitely fantastic.
it’s true this a lot of the finer things from the depth are generally dropped coming from a significantly – your silver can be hence bright – but the daring patio umbrella and the complete model of the structure ensure it is pretty right away recognisable. the particular outdoor umbrella is probably not the right colouring, nevertheless the satisfied stones blue is usually delightful as well as i'm sure most likely stages released as good as the particular wine-coloured version of the authentic. the colour of the umbrella personally (although this may fluctuate, we presume – we didn’t get a chance to look around store) satisfies the investment picture incredibly closely – it’s conceivably a bit a lesser amount of muted colors throughout strengthen.
regardless, it’s a very fairly pink – while this may restrict just what exactly you ultimately choose that can put jiminy together with. he is effective amazingly well while using black teeth enamel belonging to the figaro appeal, yet in all probability less hence in case you’ve long gone to get conventional disney reds. that car cleaning on the small cricket is perfectly lovely general. by causing him the hang, pandora are actually capable of replicate their includes not having concern and also account pertaining to weighting. just about every aspect is due to area, to your folds of his equipment to his coattails.
and, some of the ways i’ll often be using the pup! post don’t really have a complete disney design and style, i choose to position my personal disney beads a lot more subtly together with additional anklet bracelets. the following bracelet is my air glowing blue wistful style. i’ve merged a number of necklaces in which represent tips to my advice – the motor car pertaining to spending my personal operating check, the actual i really like looking through appeal, your scholar owl, the gold found – with sky-themed drops. your up and aside go up, the lovable dumbo, this soul involving liberty as well as the origami crane. the concept is peacefulness and also tranquility, plus overall flexibility.As you know, Yuuna and the Haunted Hot Springs ended after its four year run in Weekly Shonen Jump magazine, since then, fans have been wanting more of it. It’s not a surprise since the anime is popular and also known as one of the best ecchi harem anime. For the fans who are expecting more from the Yuuna and the Haunted Hot Springs, there is good news.
Also read: List of 50 Upcoming Anime Releases Between 2020-2022!
Yuuna and the Haunted Hot Springs announces New OVA
The franchise of the anime recently came with an announcement about the new OVA. But still, fans are expecting more than an OVA or more like a second season. While it’s not what we’re expecting, this year, the final two volumes of the manga will be shipped in Japan. The OVAs follows the storyline of the final two volumes of the manga.
These two OVA episodes will adapt chapters of the manga and will be titled as “Cursed Kogarashi” and “In the Nick of Time!? Hot Spring Incident,” respectively. While the first OVA follows Chapter 99, the second OVA of the series will follow Chapter 141 of the manga. Unfortunately, there has been no news regarding the future anime updates of Yuuna and the Haunted Hot Springs.
Back before 2018, there have been some controversies about the anime with the censorship and explicit artwork. But that’s where its fan service struck in. Most of the audience liked the way of its presentation. Sadly, there is no announcement for the second season of the anime, but at least we’re getting these special episodes. Its vast fan service is still one of the reasons for the franchise to make these OVAs.
Its manga will end soon, but Shonen Jump always prepares a new era of rookie series to warm you up. So, we will get series like Yuuna and the Haunted Hot Springs in the future. Well, what do you think about it? Are you excited about the OVA episodes? Let us know your thoughts in the comment section.
Visit the anime community of India-Anime Ukiyo for more content!
For the latest anime news and reviews, follow Anime Ukiyo on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and Telegram Channel.Objective
Increase production potential with reduced CH4 emissions.
Why is this project relevant?
- Leucaena decreases CH4 production
- Leucaena’s mimosine causes toxicity
- Discover bacteria that degrades mimosine (Synergistes jonesii)
- Efficacy of bacteria inoculation
Scientific Significance
Identify the presence of bacteria strains that degrade mimosine
Broader Impacts
- Decrease toxicity of Leucaena
- Leucaena causes a “protein bank” to the animal
Anticipated Results and Products
- Confirm the absence/existence of S. jonesii
- Possible detection of another bacteria with relevant economic impact for legume fed animals
- Improve cattle performance and reproduction
- Reduce CH4 emission with LeucaenaYes so Deeper Shades Of House Bodhi Saatva… In this post we will attempt to understand why this bed mattress has actually been seen as much better than the Tempurpedic mattress. While both types of bed mattress offer excellent assistance, there are subtle distinctions between the 2 that make a distinction when selecting a mattress for your back.
The most noticeable difference between the 2 is the firmness of the mattress. If you sleep on your back and have a lot of pressure put on your spine, the Saatva is the much better mattress because of its softer, more encouraging feel.
Another distinction between the two is the product on the bed mattress is made from. While a lot of individuals believe of memory foam when they hear the term Tempurpedic, there are actually several various variations of this mattress product.
Both Tempurpedic and Sauna offer high quality bed mattress and both utilize memory foam in their bed mattress. As for the Tempurpedic brand, it’s famous for its outstanding design and numerous customers take pleasure in the distinct styling of these mattresses.
Is Sauna much better than Tempurpedic? All of it depends upon how your particular back condition is and what you want from a mattress. If you merely need assistance and are not experiencing any serious conditions or problems, then you probably don’t require to invest the extra money on a bed mattress such as these 2 do. If you have back discomfort or need some type of orthopedic support in order to feel more comfy, then a Tempurpedic mattress might be much better suited to your needs. Both deal excellent support and convenience however Sauna offers a bit more versatility in the kinds of bed mattress it uses.
All of it boils down to your specific circumstance. If you have a specific type of back problem that needs some type of orthopedic support, then choosing a Tempurpedic mattress might be much better. If your back difficulty is less extreme, then you’ll probably succeed with a Sauna bed mattress. Whichever one you select, you make sure to get a great night’s sleep if you buy one that is right for your needs. Deeper Shades Of House Bodhi SaatvaOne of the most admired of contemporary English novelists has turned his eye to events in Britain leading up to the Iraq war.
His new novel ‘Saturday’ was only published yesterday but judging from this extract in the New Yorker the Stoppers aren’t going to like the way they are portrayed in it:.
The author explains more in this interview in the Sunday Times:
McEwan admits he has found himself “at odds” with friends in the liberal intelligentsia “with whom I’d naturally expect to agree”. Indeed, his donnish uniform — blue cords, woolly jumper — would point to a different set of opinions but, as he says, this war is unusual.
He was appalled by articles cheering on the insurgents. “I would have thought that was a vote for anarchy and probably another one-party state.”
He loathed the anti-war slogan Not In My Name. “Its cloying self-importance suggests a bright new world of protest, with the fussy consumer of shampoos and soft drinks demanding to feel good, or nice.” Walking past marchers rather than with them, he says: “I was troubled by the sheer level of happiness on the street. I did think whatever the reasoning of America for going in, history has offered us this chance to get rid of Saddam. If you decide you don’t want that, it is probably a very reasonable view, but it is a vote for more torture, more genocide. It’s a sombre, grave choice.”
He began as an opponent of war, having “megalomaniac, insomniac” fantasies of getting to Blair and managing to talk him out of it. “There were anxieties Baghdad would be razed, the UN estimated there would be 3m million refugees and half a million dead, although we might get there yet. I did feel there was a humanitarian argument to be made and was very disappointed the government never made it.”
But he was certain the invasion was going to happen anyway. “When it did I fervently wanted it to succeed even though a big chunk of left liberal opinion really wanted it to fail.”
The quality of writing also seems to be a step up from that employed by the Stoppers’ favourite Harold Pinter, who puts his feelings about the same events in a less wordy format:
Democracy
There’s no escape.
The big pricks are out.
They’ll fuck everything in sight.
Watch your back.
Harold Pinter Februrary 2003
McEwan has always been an intriguing writer. The fact that he has the courage to speak out and express thoughts like those above, despite them being so obviously heretical in literary circles goes a long way to explaining why that remains the case.10 reasons to invest
World leader in high-quality chocolate and cocoa products
Cost Leadership along the entire value chain with a continuous improvement structure
Leader and growing presence in emerging markets
World's largest supplier of Gourmet & Specialties chocolate for artisanal customers
Proven, focused and long-term oriented strategy
Recognized innovation leader and pioneer in sustainability
Superior growth opportunities through strong positioning in outsourcing and long-term strategic partnerships
Global chocolate service and production footprint, with a long standing heritage and local presence in key cocoa origin countries
Strong track record of consistent earnings and cash flow generation
Experienced, international and proven Management teamBubblicious Pink + Shadow Root.
Pricing: Color: $175; Cut: $50
Who Did It
Products Used
COLOR FORMULAS
FORMULA STEPS.alf095 Posted September 5, 2013 Share Posted September 5, 2013 Hello my name is Abbey. I am 17 years old but I will be 18 in October. I am in my senior year of highschool so this is my last year. I enjoy baking when I am bored as well as reading. Although I'm not good at it I also like to play soccer with my friends with our own interesting rules. I'm taking physics because its just kinda next in line for the sciences. I'm not real big on the whole science thing but my older brother insures me it was fun. I'm not really sure what I hope to learn this year but I'm sure it'll be something. Quote Link to comment Share on other sites More sharing options...
Recommended Posts
Join the conversation
You can post now and register later. If you have an account, sign in now to post with your account.As of November 17, 2021, the City of Savannah mask mandate was reduced to a mask advisory and asks for citizens to wear face coverings or masks whenever necessary.
1 - 10 of 16...
The DeSoto Savannah
Featured Partner
LOCATION...,...In this article, I will be showing you steps on how to build your eCommerce store on WhatsApp. This has been around for some time now. The first thing to do now is to download the app Vepaar formerly known as WhatsHash this Is what we will use to create the Ecommerce Store.
Vepaar‘s Apps help you launch your online store or digital domain with a beautiful product catalog feature and start selling on WhatsApp. With one click share, you can share products with your customers and start collecting orders from WhatsApp.
Vepaar Offers
1. Online Digital Store
2. Poll on WhatsApp
3. CRM to manage your WhatsApp communication
4. Your 1 Page Business Website/Biz Page
Steps to Start Using Vepaar:
1. Click on Creat Account
Input your Name, Email & Password of your choose
An Email will be send to your inbox for you to verfiy your account
Cllick on Create Account or Signup and Login
Login into your account
2. Create your BizPage
3. Add category, products, shipping configurations, checkout fields, payment integrations
4. Share product/catalog/store links with customers on WhatsApp
5. Start receiving orders
Why Vepaar?
Vepaar is an app that helps you in managing your entire business on WhatsApp. Vepaar offers features like Store, Poll, and CRM as well with which you can run your business seamlessly.
If you are searching for the below queries, then you are at the right place.
– Store for Vegetable or Fruits Shop
– Store for Grocery Shop
– Store for Fish and Meat
– Online store for Restaurants
– Store for Instagram Products
– Store for Clothes
– Store for HouseHold Items
– Store for Electronics & Phones
– WhatsApp CRM
– CRM for Travel Agents
– Poll on WhatsApp
Mobile App Features:
Biz Page
Create your one-touch biz page where your customer can check your business details and connect with you.
Learn Also: The Ultimate Guide To WhatsApp In 2021
Product Catalog
You can have all your products to share with your contacts in WhatsApp with a click of a button. Create a product catalog with a wide range of configurations. Creating a catalog on WhatsApp was never such easy before
Share Products on WhatsApp, WhatsApp Business or any Social Platform
Share your products with a click of a button to your buyer’s WhatsApp or other social platforms.
Order Management
Order management on WhatsApp without any system is always challenging. With the help of Vepaar, you can view the order details easily and manage Order Status, Payment Status, etc.
Learn Also: Tips For Earning On The Internet.
Payment Integrations
You can integrate the payment gateways like Stripe, Paystack, Razorpay, Paytm, or set PayLater and collect as per your convenience.
Dashboard With Reports
Dashboard to review your sales reports with all the detailed statistics.
Learn Also: 7 Benefits Of Working Online In 2021
Read Also: What You Should Know About Skills Needed To Work Online
QuickSend
You can send a message to any number without saving them in your contact list.
QuickBlast
You can send a message to your contacts or audience from your Vepaar web app super quickly by pressing back and send super-fast with the QuickBlast feature.
And many more features that will change the way of doing business. Stand out from the crowd and try Vepaar now.
For any queries/feedback, please write to us at WhatsApp us on +2348086135961
For more, visit vepaar.com
Watch How To Set Up Your WhatsApp Store on YoutubeWOMEN SUNGLASSES
Never Hide with Ray-Ban sunglasses for women. Choose from the coolest new and classic frames, lenses, and colors to find the shades that match your style. Shop women's sunglasses at Ray-Ban.com today and receive free shipping on all orders.
- Color Brown Remove This Item
- Material Steel Remove This Item
3 Items
- HEXAGONAL FLAT LENSES1COLORAs low as ₹9,261.00 Regular Price ₹10,290.00
- BLAZE GENERAL1COLORAs low as ₹10,431.00 Regular Price ₹11,590.00
- MARSHAL II1COLORAs low as ₹9,801.00 Regular Price ₹10,890.00
3 Items
Cyan photo directly from the quick settings pulldown without having to launch the camera application.
CyanogenMod developer Nebojsa Cvetkovic posted a video of the feature in action, so let’s take a look:
No word as yet on when this will make it into nightly builds, but the CyanogenMod guys usually have a pretty quick turnaround, so if it’s not up already, it will likely make its way across in the next few days.
Source: Google Plus.
Brilliant idea, let’s hope the big companies copy it like they have a number of cyanogen’s other inspired ideas
lag lolI!
Please note: we have excluded the 4 interior scenes from this pack. Because of the high poly count they were not able to be prepared in Element 3D. Because of this, the Element version is only $40 instead of $50.121 South Main Street
Downtown, Providence, 02903
Commute to Downtown Providence
Daily errands do not require a car.
Transit is convenient for most trips.
Biking is convenient for most trips.
121 South Main Street has a Walk Score of 90 out of 100. This location is a Walker’s Paradise so daily errands do not require a car.
121 South Main Street is a 11 minute walk from the Foxboro Event Service and the Providence/Stoughton Line at the Providence stop.
This location is in the Downtown neighborhood in Providence. Nearby parks include Market Square, Waterplace Park and Keeney Quad.
Explore how far you can travel by car, bus, bike and foot from 121 South Main Street.
121 South Main Street has excellent transit which means transit is convenient for most trips. Car sharing is available from Zipcar and RelayRides.
Rail lines:
Providence/Stoughton Line
0.5 mi
Foxboro Event Service
0.5 mi
Bus lines:
35 Rumford/Newport Avenue
0.0 mi
78 Beverage Hill (East Providence)
0.0 mi
60 Providence/Newport
0.0 mi
92 East Side/Federal Hill/RI College
0.1
121 South Main Street is in the Downtown neighborhood. Downtown is the 4th most walkable neighborhood in Providence with a neighborhood Walk Score of 89.
EXCHANGE TERRACE FAR SIDE EXCHANGE ST
EXCHANGE TERRACE FAR SIDE EXCHANGE ST
Downtown Providence Farmers' MarketVail Resorts, Forest Service shoot down idea of EagleVail chairlift to Beaver Creek
A chairlift, in various forms, has been discussed in EagleVail since its inception in the '60s
Special to the Daily
EAGLEVAIL — Citing wildlife impacts, the Forest Service and Vail Resorts recently told EagleVail officials that they aren’t interested in pursuing a chairlift connecting EagleVail and Beaver Creek.
“A chairlift from EagleVail, across National Forest, and into Beaver Creek is not possible right now,” Aaron Mayville, district ranger for the Eagle-Holy Cross Ranger District, wrote in an email to EagleVail Metro District manager Steve Barber on May 4.
“We are not interested in discussions regarding a lift from EagleVail to Beaver Creek at this point,” wrote Chris Jarnot, Vail Resorts executive vice president, Mountain Division, to Barber on May 6.
Vail Resorts owns and operates Beaver Creek Resort.
EagleVail officials wanted to explore the potential of a chairlift, pointing to community surveys in 2012, 2014 and 2017 that showed a lift was the most desired amenity by EagleVail residents. They also pointed to the potential increases in property values as a boon for homeowners and a catalyst for renewal.
“It’s definitely a setback,” said David Warner, vice president of the EagleVail Metro District board and a longtime proponent of the lift. “These were not good letters.”
A $5.2 million lift
Some members of the EagleVail Metropolitan District and the EagleVail Property Owners Association boards envisioned a lift stretching from the current location of the driving range of the EagleVail Golf Club up to Allie’s Cabin or Rose Bowl.
Proponents believe they had received encouragement from Vail Resorts about the chairlift idea in 2016. A chairlift, in various forms, has been discussed in EagleVail since its inception in the ’60s.
Before Beaver Creek was built, a plan was considered to connect EagleVail with the old Meadow Mountain ski area. A 1988 study detailed a proposal to connect EagleVail and Beaver Creek.
Warner said he received a bid of $5.2 million from a ski-lift company to build a 11,250-foot-long lift from the driving range to Rose Bowl. Supporters envisioned asking voters to pass an additional sales tax or using revenue from the one passed in 2018 to finance the construction and operation of the lift.
Chris Dillmann | Daily file photo
Members of the Property Owners Association board came to a Metro District meeting in April, asking the Metro Board for its blessing to conduct a $15,000 study that would examine whether there were any “fatal flaws” in the lift plan.
Members of the Metro District suggested simply reaching out to the Forest Service and Vail Resorts to ask whether they supported the concept.
The answers came back as a resounding “no.”
Elk refuge
Mayville wrote in the May 4 email that “the entire hillside above EagleVail is an ‘elk refuge’ of sorts — when Beaver Creek was built, (a memorandum of understanding) was signed between the Forest Service, Division of Wildlife, Vail Associates, and others to set aside that area for the protection of wildlife (mainly the elk herd).”
Mayville cited a larger conversation in the community about dwindling wildlife.
The county’s elk count is down 50 percent from numbers recorded in 2003, Colorado Parks and Wildlife said last year. During the past 20 years, local elk figures have dropped 40 percent. Wildlife officials say there wasn’t a single factor that caused the decline, but pointed to human encroachment as a reason — including recreation and development.
Even in the 1988 EagleVail chairlift study, the Colorado Division of Wildlife cited the concerns over elk protections, saying the agency could not give the proposal a favorable review.
Mayville also said his staff already has too much on its plate with current initiatives.
“For now, given the wildlife concerns in the community, given the Vail Resorts lack of interest and Forest Service lack of bandwidth, this is not something we are going to be entertaining,” Mayville said in an interview this week.
In a comment issued this week in response to questions about the issue, Jarnot said that Vail Resorts explored the idea of the lift a few years ago following inquiries from the EagleVail Metro District. He said that once the company learned of the elk protections established when Beaver Creek was developed, it agreed with the Forest Service and the Division of Wildlife not to pursue development in the area.
“We aren’t willing to invest more time and resources to further pursue the idea given the extremely high likelihood that there is no chance it will ever happen,” Jarnot said in the statement..
Trail approved neighborhood and the ski mountain. He saw the lift as a catalyst for spurring revitalization.”/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/66184028/BGHS_Grad.9.jpg)
Thousands of New York City students who enrolled in college as the high school graduation rate skyrocketed may have ended up in debt and out of the workforce — and without degrees.
That’s according to a new analysis by the Research Alliance for New York City Schools, the New York University institute charged with studying city schools data. The findings, based on students who entered high school during the Bloomberg administration, raise questions about Mayor Bill de Blasio’s approach to getting more students to college.
About 55 percent of students who entered high school in 2003 enrolled in college after graduation, the researchers found. For students who started ninth grade in 2008, that figure was 61 percent.
But the gains in college attendance eroded because many of the 2008 ninth-graders who previously might not have gone to college ended up dropping out.
Exactly why is impossible to tell from the data, the researchers say. But it reflects a national trend in which college costs, poor academic preparation, and general life challenges make it harder for low-income students to persist in college.
:no_upscale()/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/19845563/Screen_Shot_2017_06_27_at_6.24.16_PM.png)
Whatever the explanation, the trend cuts against New York City’s heralded narrowing of racial achievement gaps. In fact, the researchers found, because black and Latino students dropped out without degrees more often than white and Asian students, racial achievement gaps actually widened slightly after students left high school.
From the study:
Broad improvements in college access have not necessarily produced more equitable outcomes for historically underrepresented groups as they have moved into and through the first years of college. Although we have seen gains in high school graduation and enrollment among all students, regardless of background, more advantaged students have been able to maintain these gains as they have transitioned into college in ways that underrepresented students have not. Figuring out how to promote more equitable outcomes is a central challenge facing the City’s policymakers and educators.
So far, the de Blasio administration has thrown its weight behind making it easier for students to get into college, even as the mayor has acknowledged that access and success are not the same thing and moved to add more challenging courses at city high schools.
The city aims to have two thirds of graduates “college ready” by a decade from now. For now, de Blasio’s College Access for All program ensures that middle school students visit colleges and high school students create a “college and career plan,” often with the help of dedicated counselors. The administration also negotiated fee waivers for students applying to CUNY schools, the most common destination for city graduates, and began offering the SAT exam during the school day, eliminating two barriers to entry.
“For a long time, a lot of kids were told they don’t have a chance to go to college, and that was so often wrong,” de Blasio told SAT-taking students this spring. “We’re sending the opposite message now: Anyone who wants to go to college has a chance to make it.”
On Tuesday, the city announced that nearly 30,000 more students had secured fee waivers when applying to CUNY — saving families more than $2.5 million in application fees.
“As the first person in my family to attend college, I understand how important it is to remove barriers,” Chancellor Carmen Fariña, who has frequently referenced her own shaky path to college when discussing the city’s new initiatives, said in a statement. (She has also blamed CUNY schools for letting students founder.)
De Blasio revealed the fee waiver total at the graduation ceremony of the Bronx School for Law, Government and Justice, where almost all of the graduates received waivers. (There, 84 percent of students who entered ninth grade in 2012 graduated four years later, according to city data. But only 64 percent went to college, and just 28 percent met CUNY’s standards.)
Johanie Hernandez, the school’s principal, praised the College Access for All initiative in a statement, saying, “These investments are about making college visible and real for every student at Bronx LGJ, from the time they join us in sixth grade to their high school graduation.”-  the Fourth week started our student were back in front of their computers ready for actions and learning how to make content marketing work for them at the Squirrly Academy. The third week was focused on choosing the best topics for the audience they target and building content that appeals to them. Getting to the middle of the 3 module our students learn how content can be an done with less effort.
The final chapters of the Squirrly Academy
Last week Florin left us at understanding how an infrastructure for our idea generation can actually be able to capture more ideas and do more with less content. This week we started out with the second part of this lecture. Here the students must get to understand themselves better in order to know which are the sources of inspiration for the content on your site. Another aspect that is important for the Squirrly Academy is to change the way you perceive your work in order to keep yourself motivated. Which will be needed when having a blog or site as the results won’t appear over night.
In the 20 lecture we found that little insignificant things like headline generators can be the ones that give you what it takes to get out of the box with your ideas. That doesn’t mean that you should use the direct result from them but the random associations they make can trigger you a great idea. In the Squirrly Academy course you can also find a short list of these kind of sites you can use when you run out of ideas for your niche.
The next lesson was based on an article I actually wrote a while ago. It refers to 6 actionable tasks you can perform in order for your productivity to get even better. You will need this in order to keep yourself up to date with all the information and news in the industries you are interested. It will also help you do the things that make the most of the difference. If you want to find out how to make them work just go to the Squirrly Academy.
In the 22th lecture, Florin talks about how to establish a better work-flow. Our students understood that each planned step will make them know how to get things done faster and be able to have a continues process that connects their work, day in and day out. It also explains how content marketing includes the aspects you need to do before you create a piece of content and afterwards.
The next course at the Squirrly Academy tries to make students understand that there is also a person, a human that they try to impress and convince. Regardless if you have a B2C or a B2B company. This lecture offered a list of 7 concrete tips that can be used when starting up with content creation that needs to relate with the audience.
The 7th lesson of the 3th module is about being on alert in order to obtain a better process of idea generation. The Squirrly Academy presentation included ways in which to be sure that your intellect and mind are never drained out of ideas. This is a great way to keep your mind open to new and great concepts and actually come up with them yourself.
Lesson 8 thought our students how to keep themselves in the top of the news for their industry. A few of them have been presented but the first is one my favorites. Alltop is a great help in order to stay on top of your industry and come up with topics that are fresh. The topics given in this lecture will also help to make it all more time efficient.
And the end note of the Squirrly Academy was the presentation of the Inspiration box. It can have a million applications for working bloggers like our students. In the last module our students can find bonus written files that will help them apply all the information that they found in all the lectures.
Saying goodbye is hard
And this is how the last week ended. I am glad to see such a larger number of students at the course and hope that most of them will become readers of our blog. And because it is every hard to say goodbye I recommend to our students to start using Squirrly so we can keep in touch. And for all of you out there try out the course as well you can find on Udemy.
Have you been a student of the Squirrly Academy ? Are tempted to become ? Can wait to hear about it in the comment section.
Calin
July 1, 2014 at 11:58 AM
Can’t wait to see the next lesson. ThanksKBC sustainability policies
Generating sustainable, profitable growth and contributing to a more sustainable society go hand in hand. This means that, as a bankinsurer, we also attempt to limit the adverse impact on society.
For more detailed information on the KBC sustainability policies, we refer to the KBC Group corporate sustainability framework and the 'Setting rules and policies' section.ONY 2
Event closed
Limited collection of 70.
ONY is a tribe that disappeared many thousands of years ago.Based on their rock drawings, an algorithm was developedand used to create this art.
8000 x 8000 px
- Each TBOA club member has the right to reserve one ONY 2
- Each holder of a bonus TBOA token can reserve one ONY 2 for one token (token will be spent)
- After the end of the reservation selected ONY 2 will be transferred to the collectors
- Bids for the remaining art will then be opened for two hours.
Bidding ends at 16:00 UTC
- The last highest bid before the deadline will be accepted
Phase 1
The reservation begins:
July 30 at 13:00 UTC
The reservation ends:
July 31 at 13:00 UTC
Phase 2
The auction begins:
July 31 at 14:00 UTC
The auction ends:
July 31 at 16:00 UTCRXi Pharmaceuticals and Ethicor Announce the Signing of a Distribution Agreement
RXi Pharmaceuticals and Ethicor Announce the Signing of a Distribution Agreement
Complete the form below and we will email you a PDF version of "RXi Pharmaceuticals and Ethicor Announce the Signing of a Distribution Agreement"
RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation has.”-
-  / Corporate & Business Parties 54
Dubai Creek Golf & Yacht Club
Dubai World centeral
Oberoi hotel
One & Only The Palm
JA Jebel Ali Golf Resort
World Trade Center Dubai
Show TextShow Text
In case you're facilitating a business occasion or supper where everybody is situated, you may need to get imaginative with piece to get an assortment of pictures. "Use fascinating points and viewpoints so the shot isn't so utilitarian," says Farrukh Shami, VP of Design at best photographer.
"To keep the photographs intriguing, keep points fascinating," says Farrukh Shami, the proprietor of Best photographer Studio who shoots innumerable occasions of various sorts each year. "On the off chance that there are decorative layouts, you can shoot between them. In the event that it's at an eatery, go outside and take a photo looking in through the window. Take a gander at the occasion not similarly as a member, but rather from a pariah's point of view, to get a more extensive feeling of the day."
Shipping & Returns
For all orders above £50 within the UK, Urban Veda will provide you with FREE delivery.
Delivery Charges:
UK Next day delivery: £6.99 (if ordered by 1pm, excludes weekends)
European Union: £15 This service normally takes between 4 – 6 working days to arrive once dispatched.
Note: Orders placed between 01.00pm Friday to 01.00pm Monday (excludes bank holidays) will be dispatched on the next working day. (UK Only and excludes UK highlands and Offshore).
Returns Policy:
We hope you enjoy using Urban Veda products. However, if for any reason, you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase; please return your product with a valid receipt / order confirmation invoice within 30 days of purchase. We will do our best to refund you within 10 days working days from delivery. Additionally, please include your name, address, order ID number and reason for returning.
We can process returns for Urban Veda products purchased from our website only, please note if you bought your product from one of our stockists, you will need to return/ exchange the product with them directly.
Incorrect or faulty items:
We rigorously check all items before we dispatch them, but if your item is faulty or you have received the incorrect items, we will refund your costs paid for the items and for initial delivery, as well as recorded delivery costs to return the item as long as you enclose a till receipt for the cost of returning the item to us.
Unhappy urbanites:
If you choose to return an item for a reason other than it being faulty or incorrect; we can only refund your initial costs and not the cost of return to us. Please use recorded delivery as we cannot accept liability for goods lost in transit.
Refunds for shipping & returns will only be made against the original credit/debit card used. Moreover, your statutory rights remain unaffected.The Best Workplace Safety Services Available
Health safety is something that every business should consider when they are trying to attract and retain employees. In some businesses, it is simply not feasible to ensure the health and safety of employees who are hired on an on-call or part-time basis. Other times, health and safety are essential to the success of a business and a company cannot risk their employees’ well-being without the need for a quality health safety company. When you hire a health safety company to monitor your employees and ensure that they are following company policy, you are taking the steps needed to protect them – just as you would with your most prized possessions.
How to Choose the Best Workplace Safety Services
The best workplace safety services may seem like a catchphrase that is less than flattering, but it actually is not; in fact, if a company hires the services of a professional safety monitoring company, they will be doing themselves a great favor. If you are someone who works in a business or own a business where safety is of paramount importance and you have employees in your employ – then you need to have better workplace safety services. Having employees who are both safe from harm and emotionally sound can make the difference between working in peace and risking injury every day or having to go on the job hundreds of extra hours because of injuries. There are many different safety monitoring companies out there, but it is important that the company you choose has the right set of values, goals, and plans in place.
If you have employees who are consistently injured or who are killed due to negligence, then you know how imperative it is that you choose the best workplace safety services possible. When you work with a qualified company, you will be confident in knowing that they are implementing safety programs that are in line with the safest practices and safest technology available. A reputable company will be able to give you statistics detailing the number of accidents that occur on the job and will be able to present you with a comprehensive safety plan that you can implement immediately. By choosing the best workplace safety services for your business, you can protect your employees, keep your building and workspace safe, and retain good employees for years to come. Hiring a quality company that provides these services is one of the best investments that you can make for your business and the people who work within it.Ridley Scott is currently on a press tour to promote the October 2nd release of The Martian, and while the new Matt Damon-led film is garnering rave reviews, Scott also has plenty of information to dish out concerning his other beloved sci-fi franchise: Alien. When asked about his follow up to 2012’s Prometheus, the director revealed that he’s planning on taking several films to bridge the gap between the prequel and the events of Alien, so we may be seeing a Prometheus 3 and 4 in our future. The director also dropped a big nugget of nerd-gold in our laps, revealing the new title for Prometheus 2, and it’s both surprising and not-surprising, if you’ve been paying attention to Ridley’s thoughts on how the 2012 film related to the works of John Milton.
Join Jessica Chobot as we discuss the new title and what it may tell us about the direction for the next few films in the Alien series, on today’s Nerdist News!
Thanks for watching today’s episode! Check out the latest Because Science, where Kyle Hill tells us what Rick and Morty can teach us about quantum mechanics, and let us know in the comments what you think might happen in the upcoming Alien films!12 basket Commercial New Style Vertical Electric Italy Pasta Noddle Cooker With Cooking Cabinet
1-2 Pieces
$825.00
≥ 3 Pieces
$8basket Commercial New Style Vertical Electric Italy Pasta Noddle Cooker With Cooking Cabinet
- Power:18kw
- Size:800*900*940mm
- Net weight:91kg
- Voltage`:3N-380v/50hz
- basket size:240*140*120mm
other, we can send goods free tax. we have our own clear Customs Team. we can save money for customerTop 10 Best Places to Visit in Australia
Australia, one of the most beautiful country in the world is also one of the most visited country by tourist. Each year millions of people travel to Australia for vacations. The beaches, the big metropolitan cities and the night life makes it one of the top tourist destinations. Due to its location, it’s one of the largest island and is surrounded by oceans from everywhere, namely Pacific and Indian oceans. We’ve prepared a list of top 10 best places to visit in Australia during your vacations that will leave you awestruck.
There’s so much to do in Australia. You can dive in the Great Barrier Reef, hike through rainforests, take a safari ride along the sand islands and much more. Australian Cuisine is also very popular and is one of the most famous one in the world, so do try it! You can explore multicultural cities throughout the country and you can see how people from different culture live together in peace.
Sydney Opera House
One of the most popular place to visit in Australia is the Opera House, situated in Sydney. Most of the people know about it and it’s the only one thing which comes in my mind when you think about Sydney, Australia. It’s also in the list of UNESCO World Heritage Sites and its architecture is considered to be one of the greatest in the world. You can take a tour of Opera House’s theatres, concert hall, and studios, or you can also have a meal at one of the restaurants. Also, do visit the Mrs. Macquarie’s Chair, situated in the Royal Botanic Gardens at Opera House.
Great Barrier Reef
Great Barrier Reef is situated along the state of Queensland, and is considered to be one of the seven wonders of the world. It’s also in the list of World Heritage Sites and has around 3,000 coral reefs, 300 coral cays, and 600 continental Islands. It is so long that it can also be seen from outer space and its natural beauty is something that can’t be described in worlds. It’s one of the best places to visit in Australia and is very popular among tourist. You can do deep-sea diving here and see some of the most exotic sea creatures in the world. It’s a must visit place for those visiting Australia.
Uluru-Kata Tjuta National Park
It may seem difficult to sound, but this park is one of the best places to visit in Australia. This national park is visited by thousands of people daily, and its natural beauty is something that will leave you amazed. You can take a tour of this place by tour guides or you can just look at its beauty. This national park rises to a height of 348m, and the view of sunset is something that you’ll definitely want to watch. Add this place in your to-visit list.
Sydney Harbor Bridge
The Harbor Bridge is one of the best places to visit in Sydney, and it is also known as the “Coathanger”. Harbor Bridger is around 500m long and connects the northern district of Sydney to the central Sydney. One thing about this bridge is that it’s the largest steel arch bridge. One thing that you can do on this bridge is that you can take a pedestrian walk from one end to another, while looking at the beauty of the city and the harbor itself. The view up from the bridge is breathtaking and one must check it in person.
Blue Mountains National Park
Another world heritage site, situated at 81km from Sydney and one of the best places to visit in Australia is the Blue Mountains National Park. The most visited tourist point in this park is the towering sandstone called the Three Sisters. You can do abseiling, mountain biking, horseback riding, and hiking at the park. Also, you can have lunch at one of the many restaurants there and look at the beauty of this place.
Melbourne
Melbourne, the name says it all. The second largest city in Australia is one of the top tourist point and it one of the best places to visit in Australia. There’s so much to do there that you can’t even count. Some of the points of interest of this place are the Melbourne Cricket Ground, Royal botanic Garden and the famous national Gallery of Victoria. Shopping is one of the most common activity among the tourist and there are many big shopping complexes in the city.
Bondi Beach
Bondi Beach is one of the busiest beach of the country and is a must-go place for the visitors. It’s a 15-minute drive from the main city and has much to do. The famous Bondi-to-Bronte coastal walk will thrill you and it’s a 6km coastline. You can eat at any of the restaurants there, take some souvenirs from the shops, sip a coffee at any of the café and much more. Swimming and surfing are very common activity at this place.
Daintree National Park
Daintree National Park is one of the best places to visit in Australia and is one of the world heritage sites. There are many exotic animals that are only seen here and nowhere else in the world such as the Bennett’s Tree Kangaroo. There are more than 18,000 species of plants found in this national park and it’s a beauty to watch.
Fraser Island
Fraser Island is located between Brisbane and Bundaberg and is very famous place for visitors. It’s the largest sand island in the world and there are safaris that will give you the tour of this whole island. Some of the main highlights of this island are crystal clear creek, ancient rainforests, and some of the most famous sand dunes. It’s a must-visit place for the visitors.
Great Ocean Road
The Great Ocean road is famous for its drive and the coastline that follows it. It’s a 300km long road and stretches from Torquay to Allansford. It’s one of the best places to visit in Australia and visitors love to travel along it.The “mirror” in the Review of the stories of the mid-December as a forger behaved former editor-in-Claas Relotius a large piece. Of the approximately sixty texts written Relotius for the “Spiegel” and “Spiegel Online” are now checked 28, or as it is said in “Spiegel Online”, “again” has been verified. There is little that emerges from the examination that there is no objection. Most of them are fake, contain Exaggerations, false facts, invented and playback of conversations and Interviews that are not conducted Relotius even with people he has not met.
Michael Hanfeld
responsible editor for the features section Online and “media”.
F. A. Z.
It starts with the middle of last year in the “mirror” (number 27/2018) published story of an American who survived within three years of the attack of a rattlesnake, a bear and a shark. The thing’s voice, other media had previously reported about it, but Relotius has invented, as it is called in the “SpOn”, the Details, and in its portrayal greatly exaggerated. Similarly, it is acting in the in the spring of 2018 printed history of the Romanians, who had moved to Turkey to work there, and in his home mistakenly declared dead.
Not only exaggerated, but as a largely falsified stories, the thread note is already longer known to apply. The report “Jaegers border,” appeared in the “mirror” 48/2018, those who brought Relotius to the case, because the “mirror”Reporter Juan Moreno nachrecherchierte the part, the Relotius beige had controls. The vigilantes in Arizona want to prevent refugees to come from Mexico across the border, I met a Relotius never, in a conversation he had admitted in December “extensive forgeries in the Text”. The name of one of five citizens, military people (who he never met and never talked) I Relotius invented.
The dramaturgy of fiction
The Interview with the ninety-nine-year-old Traute Lafrenz (“mirror” number 39/2018), the last Survivors of the resistance group “White Rose”, contains, as the result of the Review of the “essential Parts of obvious fakes” and “number of statements, which are not so well pleased'”.
“Massive falsifications” contained Relotius story “child’s play” about a thirteen-year-old boy from Syria, is believed to have triggered the war, because he makes the Syrian strongman Assad in a Graffito had offended. The dramaturgical concept of the story, the result of the Review, was “fiction”.
From the famous documentary “In a small town” about the place of Fergus Falls (“the mirror” number 13/2017) remains after the Review is also as good as nothing: It is the voice of “almost nothing – the biographies of the main characters are made up and the facts are mostly wrong”.The institute is to conduct research on the future issues of social policy and to promote knowledge transfer between science and practice. “It is sending an important message that the Federal Ministry is supporting the establishment of the German Institute for Interdisciplinary Social Policy Research,” emphasizes the President of the University of Bremen, Professor Bernd Scholz-Reiter. “In fact, putting the scientific findings of social policy and inequality research to work in political practice is indispensable.”
“Corona & beyond” is the title of a discussion event on the occasion of the DIFIS opening, with the Federal Minister of Labour and Social Affairs Hubertus Heil, and the managing director of DIFIS, Professor Ute Klammer of the University of Duisburg-Essen (UDE), and the deputy director of DIFIS, Professor Frank Nullmeier (SOCIUM, University of Bremen). The discussion topic is the current challenges of social policy – and thus also of social policy research. The event will be streamed live.
Network for Interdisciplinary Social Policy Research
The DIFIS is to take over the content-based networking and coordination of the Network for Interdisciplinary Social Policy Research (“Fördernetzwerk Interdisziplinäre Sozialpolitikforschung – FIS”), which was established in 2016. With the network, the Federal Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs (BMAS) is strengthening the research and promotion of early-career researchers in the field of social policy at German universities. The researchers are to have the opportunity to establish themselves within the area of social policy research and the universities can expand, or even newly create structures in social policy and social law research.
Further Information:
„Corona & beyond“. Livestream discussion on current and future challenges for social policy and research on June 8, 2021, starting at 6:30 p.m.:
Opening event program: (in German only)
Prof. Dr. Frank Nullmeier
SOCIUM Research Center on Inequality and Social Policy
University of Bremen
Phone: +49 421 218-58576University:
Phone Number:
Create Account
Thank You
Study Abroad Blog
Get a Flight Voucher worth up to $1,000
when you apply with code* by January 06, 2022
Study Abroad Blog (Page 7)
4 Things I Learned About Irish Culture from My Virtual Internship Jul 16, 2020 by Anna Wojciechowski
How to Make the Most of Your Virtual Internship: A Path to Success Jul 7, 2020 by Angela Richard
The Reality of Virtual Culture Shock Jul 2, 2020 by Angela Richard
How Travel Affects Your Mental Health Jun 23, 2020 by Asha Swann
The Benefits of Pursuing a Virtual Global Internship Jun 22, 2020 by CEA MOJO
5 Travel Podcasts to Make You Forget About COVID-19 Jun 18, 2020 by Asha Swann
Career Exploration Activities with CEA: Register Now! Jun 9, 2020 by CEA MOJO
5 Unforgettable Virtual Tours from Around the World Jun 9, 2020 by Asha Swann
Buenos Aires Study Abroad: Diversity Resources Jun 4, 2020 by Buenos Aires
Why Enroll in CEA's Positive Psychology Course? Jun 3, 2020 by CEA MOJO
Why I Loved My Positive Psychology Course with CEA in Rome Jun 3, 2020 by CEA MOJO
VIDEO: An Ode to Study Abroad 2020 in Barcelona, Spain May 29, 2020 by CEA MOJO
Enter to Win a $500 CEA Virtual Program Scholarship! May 22, 2020 by CEA MOJO
4 Habits I'm Glad I Picked Up in Spain May 20, 2020 by CEA MOJO
Oceans Away from Home: Studying Abroad in Madrid May 15, 2020 by CEA MOJO
Creating an "Abroad Board" to Capture My Study Abroad Memories May 11, 2020 by Stella Bradley
The Best Photo Spots in Granada, Spain May 7, 2020 by CEA MOJO
Black and Abroad: My Study Abroad Story in Spain May 7, 2020 by CEA MOJO
Why a Semester Abroad Cut Short is Still a Great Opportunity May 7, 2020 by Angela Richard
Adjusting to Life After Studying Abroad May 4, 2020 by Asha SwannMaryland- American Brown Ale- 7.0% ABV. This brown ale is a nod to the traditional favorite drink which originated in Mexico. Cocoa nibs and Ceylon cinnamon create a slightly spicy aroma and a mildly sweet chocolate flavor with a hint of spice. It may be ""hot"", but please enjoy cold!Blog Home How much Stio credit will I receive for the items I trade-in? Share Share on Facebook Tweet Tweet on Twitter Pin it Pin on Pinterest Tumblr Share on Tumblr Email Share via Email Stio items that qualify for trade-in will receive up to 25% of the original retail value in USD.Katsina State Governor, Alhaji Aminu Bello Masari, has attributed criminal activities by suspected Fulani youths to illiteracy.
He admonished leaders, parents and elders to take the blame for the criminal activities of the Fulani youths for not adequately equipping them with proper environment to become reasonable members of the society.
“The romance with criminal activities by most Fulani youths is due to illiteracy, as they lack both Islamic and western forms of education, given that their parents prepare them only for animal herding at the expense of all other endeavours, including the pursuit of knowledge,” Masari said yesterday at an extra-ordinary security meeting in Katsina.
A press statement signed by the Governor’s Director-General (Media and Publicity), Abdul Labaran Malumfashi, said Masari equally directed the Secretary to the State Government (SGS) to arrange for him and security chiefs to meet suspected bandits in their hideouts.
“The governor has said that he is fully prepared and ready to personally go anywhere to meet with anybody to dialogue on how to stamp out bandits’ attacks in the state,” the statement said.
The governor, however, threatened to take whatever action necessary to end banditry, kidnapping and cattle rusting, warning that henceforth government will not toletate the breach of the peace in the state.Chris Jericho reveals Bruce Willis unexpectedly headbutted him during WWE match
WWE and the world of wrestling is an extremely popular world, and it’s often forgotten that movie stars who have made their name in Hollywood, can also be wrestling fans. One such huge star who is also a wrestling fan is none other than Bruce Willis. In a recent stream. Chris Jericho revealed the moment that he shared with The Rock and Bruce Willis on WWE, where Willis actually unexpectedly headbutted Chris Jericho during the match.
During his Saturday Night Special, Chris Jericho was asked about a match that he had against The Rock in WWE, when they faced each other in Hawaii. While talking about the match, Chris Jericho revealed that this was also the moment that he had a rather memorable encounter with Die Hard and Fast and Furious franchise actor, Bruce Willis.
Chris Jericho reveals Bruce Willis headbutted him during WWE match against The Rock
Chris Jericho talked about the WWE match he had against The Rock in Honolulu. This was also the first time that The Rock had wrestled a WWE match in Honolulu after he grew up there.
Chris Jericho then went on to reveal that Bruce Willis was in the crowd and was supposed to punch or slap Chris Jericho. Instead, Bruce Willis lived up to his action film roots and headbutted Chris Jericho.
“If you asked The Rock about his favorite matches of all time, he always says that one of them is the match between him and I in Hawaii in Honolulu. The reason for that is because it was the first time he had ever wrestled in Honolulu and he grew up there when his grandfather Peter Maivia and his grandmother ran the territory there and I guess he grew up there for a while. Rocky Johnson, Rock’s dad, was also in the territory but [Rock] never got to wrestle there. When we had a match there in Hawaii with WWE, it was great. Actually, Bruce Willis was in the front row and he was filming a movie there and Rock came down there and we were fighting on the outside and somehow, Rock held my arms behind me and was waiting for Bruce to punch me or slap me and he kind of headbutted me. I was then like, ‘Hudson Hawk was shit.'” – h/t Fightful
Published 16 Jul 2020, 22:47 IST
Read More: Chris Jericho reveals Bruce Willis unexpectedly headbutted him during WWE matchLanguage
A key theme of Uzbekistan’s affecting economic resuscitation since 2017 has been to accelerate infrastructure development through private sector involvement. This led to an grandiose public-private partnership platform that included elapsing the first Public-Private Partnership( PPP) Law, creating a dedicated PPP agency, and asking argument agencies to promote PPPs for key projects.
In 2021 more than 40 large and medium assignments expending PPP are expected to commence, sending an unequivocal signal to government agencies and the international market that PPPs are here to stay. The platform achieved various milestones in 2020. In January 2021, a long-awaited amendment to the PPP Law was approved and signed. The first deals prompted by the program are coming to close, paving the acces for more in sectors including renewable energy, state, and transport.
The newly amended PPP Law is a product of year-long dialogue between the government and market participants, international advisors, and change finance institutions. It is based on international market standards for a fast-growing economy and focuses on facilitating foreign investment, including through a streamlined and translucent tender process, balanced foreign exchange risk protection, and international arbitration. This is providing momentum for forays into new spheres, the creation of contract templates, and construct PPP capacity to deliver more projections in years to come.
Through bold policies and project delivery, Uzbekistan can forge a world-class PPP program that delivers the infrastructure needed for continued strong economic growing.
The PPP program is at a pivotal point, a confirmed idea ready to be expanded and brought to market. Sustainability, remit, and magnitude are the key themes. Having wreaked alongside key policymakers and project enablers in authority since the program’s inception, we can identify six ranges needing policy courtesy in 2021.
Integrate PPPs at a national infrastructure planning position. PPP is a procurement tool and should be viewed as one of many possible ways for government to achieve infrastructure objectives. To construct PPPs part of the overall planning mechanism, a few steps need to be taken. First, building capacities at path agencies to generate interest and awareness of PPPs and to know when to apply them. A key gradation is to develop an appreciation for whole-of-life costing, which for many Uzbek line agencies is a departure from traditional costing. Second, a political framework and project screening mechanism to decide when a project should be done as a PPP, including a consistent value-for-money methodology utilized uniformly. Third, training at the central planning organization are responsible for ensuring that the mechanisms are properly applied.
Carefully expand use of accessibility pays. Availability payment-based PPPs are well accepted worldwide, and several sectors such as renewable power generation and social infrastructure have be able to rely them. The need to create a scalable organization for availability payment-based jobs is exacerbated by the pandemic’s impact particularly on transport infrastructure, with fewer bidders and lenders willing to take busines threat. Enterprises should recognize the value of this modality, peculiarly its focus on quality of operations and service delivery. They should also implement a structure to monitor and manage its fiscal indebtedness in the medium term, and as squander of accessibility payments scales up.
Establish a project development store. Project preparation is one of the keys to successful PPP implementation, but the costs of hiring specialist consultants to provide feasibility assessments and transaction advisory can be prohibitive for government agencies. A replenishable project development money would allow the government to retain event advisors to prepare and tender the project, refunded through success fees from the win bidder. It would scale up the program by enabling a larger number of projects to be brought to market at once, and allow faster hiring of consultants through a body of business transaction advisors that can be drawn on at any time.
Plan for post-close project implementation. While achieving financial close on a project is exciting, for the “newlywed” public and private partners this is just the beginning of a multi-decade concession period. It is critical for the public partner to set up a well-staffed project monitoring measurement, develop the procedures and manuals on how to fulfill its role as public partner, and build the internal ability for this new role. Agency which currently have jobs in tender should start thinking about their project now, with the help of their development partners.
Improve regional money liquidity and enable local banks to participate in PPPs. Uzbekistan suffers from low-grade local currency liquidity for infrastructure projects mainly because of a inconsistency between the tenor of a project finance loan and local banks’ deposit base. To alleviate this, the government could use a strategy that has proven effective in Bangladesh: create a non-bank financial middleman profited by government and/ or other interested investors able to provide neighbourhood currency access to finance.
Bring Uzbekistan to the world. With the amended law progressed, various projects in tender, and a robust grapevine of future jobs , now is the time to promote Uzbekistan’s PPP program globally. With major meetings moving online, opportunities is more important than ever. International media coverage should be maximized. As tenders for some of ADB’s recent activities have shown, extending corporations from all over the world are interested in bidding for projects across multiple sectors.
Uzbekistan’s rapid fiscal blooming has opened space for ADB to enhance its PPP support. We’ve helped to build capacity at 16 government agencies, and advised the authorities concerned on the PPP law amendment and different policy. Our transaction advisory support across 5 sectors aims to not only close projections but develop contract templates for future usage. To improve project finance in early copes, “were working with” public sector clients to form imaginative utilization of monetary makes such as neighbourhood currency liquidity or sovereign guarantees.
A programmatic and interconnected coming is necessary: Institutional development has to be driven by broad based capacity building, legislative changes should be based on lessons learned from business, and the first events will require development bank financing.
Uzbekistan has made a promising start towards integrating PPPs as a valuable tool in its infrastructure development agenda. Through bold policies and project delivery, Uzbekistan can forge a world-class PPP program that delivers the infrastructure was required for continued strong economic growth.
amended ppp law, international market standards, first public-private partnership, public-private partnership program, transparent tender process, building ppp capacity, private sector participation, development finance institutions, dedicated ppp agency, exchange risk protection, local currency liquidity, project development fund, Uzbekistan, project, project finance, ppp program, local banks, government agencies, public partner, development bank financingPratish HaladyEnrico PinaliCountries: UzbekistanArticle
Read more: blogs.adb.org
Share the post "In Uzbekistan, public-private partnerships are the engine driving infrastructure development"MERLO DBM 3500 EV 8 000 h France, MONTREUIL SOUS BOIS 8 905 EUR Concrete mixer truck MERLO DBM 3500 EV WEIFU SD1500-1 4x4 Self-LoadingGET A QUOTE
Concrete mixer MERLO DBM 2500 EV, new, from factory. Concrete yield capacity 2500 l. Geometric volume of drum 5000 l. Loader bucket capacity 700 l. Water reservoir capacity 800 l. Water pump flow 250 l/min. Maximum chute unloading height 1,93 mGET A QUOTE A QUOTE
Merlo DBM3500EV. Used 2009 Merlo DBM3500EV off-road concrete mixer. Year 2009. Weight 7300 kg. Hours 2510. Serial Number B8592883. Made In Italy.GET A QUOTE
New Merlo DBM 3500 EV Mixer dumper | New / unused concrete mixer truck for sale, year of production - 2020, price - 64500 EUR. New and used concrete mixer trucks at Truck1. By clicking any link or object on this website, you unconditionally agree andGET A QUOTE
Merlo DBM 2500 EV Concrete Mixer Manufacturer: Merlo Model: DBM 2500 EV Good condition Merlo DBM 2500 EV Concrete Mixers available between 2004 and 2014 years. Located in Greece and other countries. Click request price for more information.GET A QUOTE
Used Merlo concrete mixers for sale in Italy. Find DBM 3500 EV, DBM 3500, DBM 2500, and more Merlo concrete mixers for sale on Machinio. Tip: Enter manufacturer, model or keywordGET A QUOTE
Merlo DBM 2500EV CE marked: Yes, Gross Weight: 6000, Front tyres remaining: 90%, Rear tyres remaining : 90%, Production country: IT Concrete/mortar mixers 2005 2,050 hGET A QUOTE
Merlo DBM 2500 EV Manufacturer: Merlo Model: DBM 2500 EV Max. speed 40 km / h 180 degree tank rotation The entire cycle from loading to feeding the solution is performed by one operator guide. The autonomy of the car allows you to make a supply of waterGET A QUOTE
Concrete Mixer DBM. Application sector. Agriculture Construction / Industry Special Machine. Distinctive technologies. Suspended Cab Axles with active suspension Continous variable transmission Boom lateral traslation. Boom length. 0M 0M. reset.GET A QUOTE
Concrete mixer Merlo DBM 2500 EV, year 2014, 592 working hours, weight 6400 kg, engine Perkins 4 cyl. turbo 100 hp.GET A QUOTE
Used Merlo concrete mixers for sale in Italy. Find DBM 3500 EV, DBM 3500, DBM 2500, and more Merlo concrete mixers for sale on Machinio. Tip: Enter manufacturer, model or keywordGET A QUOTEGET A QUOTE
Used Concrete mixer truck MERLO DBM2500 4x4x4 Self-Loading | Location: CAORSO, ITA | Year of production: 1983 | Truck1 ID: 4610007. Explore a variety of commercial vehicle offers presented at …GET A QUOTE
Good condition low hours used 2007 Merlo DBM 2500 EV self-loading motorised concrete mixer, 4WD with three steering modes, ready for work Inspected | Delivered | Money-Back GuaranteedGET A QUOTE
Used Merlo concrete mixer, 6 ads of second hand Merlo concrete mixer for sale on Europe Construction Equipment - the dedicated website for the purchase Europe-Construction-Equipment.com is a classified ads website for new, used or damaged machineryGET A QUOTE
Concrete Mixer Tool Handler Tractor Municipality Tractors Tracked Carriers Attachments Services SAV System Merlo Dealers News & Events Work With Us Contacts Home Company Who we areGET A QUOTE
Used Concrete mixer truck MERLO DBM2500 4x4x4 Self-Loading | Location: CAORSO, ITA | Year of production: 1983 | Truck1 ID: 4610007. Explore a variety of commercial vehicle offers presented at …GET A QUOTE
Concrete Mixer. The DBM range, with renewed design and contents, still meets a concrete market requirement. The new engines and the introduction of technological components make the Merlo Concrete Mixer machines reliable and appreciated by customers all over the world. Application sector.GET A QUOTE
Concrete mixer dumper of Marconi & Figli M.M.T. Srl - Pisa Pisa Year: 1990 Merlo DBM 3500 EV Concrete mixer dumper of Piccinini Macchine Srl - Macerata Macerata € 39,000 Year: 2007 Learn More Used Merlo DBM 2500 Concrete Mixer for sale in …GET A QUOTEGautam's Qualcomm tool v0.1 Beta [Working 100%].Free Download Gautam's Qualcomm tool v0.1 Beta [Working 100%].is a application for windows computer ,It is supported many cpu like mtk,spd,qualcomm,nokia etc,which allows you to Factory Reset,Remove Frp Lock,Flashing,Unlocking,Format etc.
Tool Features:
- Boot Configuration:
- Brand
--AUTO
- Model
--AUTO
- Storage
-- Auto
-- EMMC
-- UFS
- Identify - Button
-- System Info
- Services TAB
- Factory Reset
- Reset EFS
- Backup EFS
- Restore EFS
- Erase Userdata / Cache
- Remove FRP
- Remove MI Account
- Patch MI Account
- Log data
- Flash Tool TAB
- FilePath
- Partition Name
- Part No.
- Offset
- Size
- Filename
How To Use?
- First, you need to download the tool
- Extract all files at desktop or C:/
- Run main File "Gautam's_Qualcomm_Tool.exe"
- Wait for open (you do need to install any file)
- Next, connect the phone to EDL Mode.
- A select option in which your device is fixed.
-autam's Qualcomm tool v0.1 Beta [Working 100%] is free utility tool.
Restriction on use:-This software must not be decompiled,disassembled,reserve engineered or otherwise modifed.
Copyright (c):- Gautam's Qualcomm tool v0.1 Beta [Working 100%] All right reserve.
File Name:- Gautam's Qualcomm tool v0.1 Beta [Working 100%]
File Size:- 7.1MB
Virus status: scanned by Avast securityAbstract
D. Mumford conjectured in [33] that the rational cohomology of the stable moduli space of Riemann surfaces is a polynomial algebra generated by certain classes $\kappa_i$ of dimension $2i$. For the purpose of calculating rational cohomology, one may replace the stable moduli space of Riemann surfaces by $B\Gamma_{\infty}$, where $\Gamma_\infty$ is the group of isotopy classes of automorphisms of a smooth oriented connected surface of “large” genus. Tillmann’s theorem [44] that the plus construction makes $B\Gamma_{\infty}$ into an infinite loop space led to a stable homotopy version of Mumford’s conjecture, stronger than the original [24]. We prove the stronger version, relying on Harer’s stability theorem [17], Vassiliev’s theorem concerning spaces of functions with moderate singularities [46], [45] and methods from homotopy theory.SSL stands for ‘Secure Sockets Layer’. When entering information online through form submission (i.e. banking) the connection can sometimes be insecure. So there is a possibility that the connection can be intercepted and personal information used by external parties.
SSL is a way of securing the site so that this doesn’t happen. The data is encrypted before it is sent so that if intercepted by a third party it cannot be read or used. SSL means that it is effectively impossible to have data stolen and interpreted. Once the information arrives to the specific destination (i.e. NAB receives your account details for a bank transfer) the information can be decrypted and read.
An SSL certificate is an essential component of any eCommerce site as it fosters a secure payment connection which is essential when selling goods or services online. SSL certificates range in price but can be quite expensive and tedious, especially to those newly acquainted with eCommerce.Saul Kerman is the proud COO of Kerman Incorporated, a family business out of Great Rapids, Michigan, available for all your maintenance needs! Consider us the next time your boiler springs a leak, or the next time your auto-shop is out of that one crucial part! We're only a phone-call away!
A few months later
The meeting has gone on for several hours already, and shows no immediate sign that it’s going to draw to a close. That’s not the only reason that it’s rather wearying. Ultimately, all that’s really been covered so far is a list. A monstrous, daunting list of things that, to a greater or lesser extent, you now control. To your mind, it seems absurd, but everyone else seems to be accepting it as if it’s the most normal thing ever.
The corporate infrastructure left behind by the consortium seems to be looking for leadership. Based on documents, hierarchies, business continuity processes and a variety of less formal processes, again and again the lawyers seem to be coming to the conclusion that you either control these corporate entities, or at least need to make a decision about what happens next with them. As this has been explained to the sharp suited people sitting around in this board room with you, they’ve all nodded and murmured assent. Some have offered advice as to what you should be doing next, but most have stayed quiet, hanging on your every word (of which you’ve offered few).
You tune back in from your reverie and assess what’s currently being presented. A man in a slightly ill-fitting suit is itemising the main switch centres in the indo-chinese region, outlining operating costs (entirely sustainable) and routes for expansion. As with almost all of the presentations so far, you are almost certainly not the right person to make these decisions - in fact, the man presenting the information is almost certainly the most qualified to choose - but he won’t. At least, not yet. Not unless pushed.
You push back your chair and stand up. Everyone immediately falls silent and looks at you expectantly.
“Is this actually necessary?”. People seem to be rather surprised - that’s certainly not what they were expecting you to say. Some cluttered objections are raised - of course this is necessary, authority must be exercised, decisions made etc. etc. You wave your hands for silence.
“I’m happy to tell you all what to do, or at least what sort of thing to do. But do I actually need every detail? I’m not the sort of person who’s going to understand all of this - there’s too much here for anyone to understand.” You spot someone about to make an objection “…and I don’t care if Mr. Giant used to handle everything personally. That’s not how we’re doing things any more. Scroll back a few slides.” The presenter duly does, back to a huge diagram of broadband availability across the regions in question - plenty of green, but some red, and a few bits not even coloured in.
“Right - those expansions you mentioned - are they going to spread that green?”.
“Er. Yes Mr. Kerman. That’s not in question.”
“Right. And is that going to make people’s lives better?”.
“Well, I mean, probably.”
“Then do it!”.
You look around the whole room and then start speaking.
“Look. You all know your business, how to make these companies work, yes?”. Nods. No one’s going to say otherwise, but you’re pretty sure that they’re genuine.
“So you’re the right people to organise this, make the small decisions. I’ve just got one order for you. Do some good. All the good you can.” Murmuring starts up, the sort of murmuring that might blossom into objections unless nipped in the bud, so you don’t give them a chance.
“That’s it. No clarifications. No further discussion, because I know you don’t need it, not really. Do good. Bring the future to the world. Get on the phone to the Colton foundation and work with them. Help as many people as possible. If you need the rest of this meeting then by all means continue, but I’m off to get a coffee.”
—
Many years later…
A man in late middle-age sits on the end of the jetty, fishing rod held still. The sun shines down through the brisk mountain air, making the lake sparkle. Incalculable beauty that’s an every day wonder here. The man on the end of the pier shifts slightly, just enough to let the young woman standing at the base of the jetty, next to the log cabin, know that she’s been noticed. He doesn’t speak, flicking his fishing rod slightly further out into the lake. Taking silence as permission, the young woman, speaks, kneeling as she does to get a tablet out of her bag.
“I’ve finally found you.” She is clearly expecting some kind of reaction to this, but the man remains silent, taking a swig of coffee from a thermos sitting next to him.
“It’s the helicopters. I know they pick you up twice a year. Nothing flies here for any other reason, but the flight paths are publically trackable. I knew you hadn’t vanished completely.” She puts her hands on her waist, clearly feeling very proud of herself, and expecting some response, anything in the face of this revelation. Still nothing though. She seems to get slightly angry, especially as the man seems more intent on reeling in a fish than paying attention to her.
“I know it all! I’ve figured it out, hunted across the world and the net, asked all the right questions. You were at the Nexus - yes, I know about that, I found someone in a shared space on the net who knew all about it! You and the others decided the fate of the whole world!” She’s speaking faster and faster - clearly she’s been waiting for this for some time, and it’s just not going how she expected.
“And then afterwards - you controlled everything. Mr. Pike was gone, Mr. Giant was gone and you, you came up with the master plan to run the whole world - all the wonders of technology given to everyone. You’re the shadowy genius who’s running it all - you have to be!”. This finally seems to get a reaction from the man, a low chuckle before he starts to stand and walk back to the hut, straight past the young woman. As he reaches the threshold, she shouts out in clear frustration:
“Don’t you have anything to say? About all of it? About any of it?”.
The man turns and thinks for a second, then, finally, speaks:
“Would you like some fish?”How many people would it take to hold DJ Diesel up?
Tag: Lost Lands
Here Are the Lost Lands 2021 Set Times and Day-to-Day Schedules
Performances from Excision, Getter, Rusko, and Virtual Riot are among countless can’t-miss sets from Lost Lands 2021.
Excision Announces First-Ever All-Original Throwback Set for Lost Lands 2021
The all-original set will be Excision’s third of the weekend at this year’s Lost Lands.
You Can Win Free VIP Tickets to Lost Lands or Bass Canyon by Checking Your Voter Registration
Excision is giving away free passes in order to stress the importance of voting ahead of the impending federal election.
The Virtual Edition of Lost Lands is Now Live
Tune into sets from Excision, Virtual Riot, Barely Alive, and more.
Here are the Set Times for This Weekend’s Virtual Edition of Lost Lands
Organizers dropped the schedule during the calm before the storm.
Organizers Officially Pull the Plug on Lost Lands and Bass Canyon
Two of the nation’s most beloved bass music festivals each bit the bullet in one fell swoop, thanks to COVID-19.
Lost Lands Uploads Full 2019 Excision B2B Illenium Set
Relive the magic of one of the most ballyhooed sets Lost Lands has ever seen.
[WATCH] Excision’s Couch Lands Stream Is Now Live
Relive the magic of Lost Lands 2019 plus 20+ hours of never-before-seen footage.ECHS Recruitment 2016 :- Ex-Servicemen Contributory Health Scheme (ECHS) Polyclinic, Kochi has recently published a recruitment notification for the MO, Chowkidar, Nursing Asst posts. There have many posts for which any interested candidates may, attend the walkin and written exam on the below mention date.
ECHS Recruitment 2016
Job Opportunity at Bombay High Court Recruitment 2016-2017
ECHS Recruitment 2016 Vacancy Details
Education Qualification:
Candidate should have passed Graduation for Post-1, MBBS for Post -2, A recognized medical qualification included in the first of second schedule of part II of the third schedule(other than Licentiate qualifications) of the Indian medical Council Act 1956, Post-Graduation degree in the concerned specially for Post-3 from any recognized University / Institution.
Selection Procedure
Candidate will be shortlisted on the basis of their performance in Written Exam and Interview.
Important Dates
Last Date for Submission of Application: 10-01-2017.
Date of Interview: 03-02-2017 at 10.00 AM.
Venue: DSC Centre, Kannur.
For Post 14 to 20
Last Date for Submission of Application: 11-01-2017.
Date & Time of Interview: 18-01-2017 from 0930 Hrs.
Venue: Station Headquarters (ECHS), Fort Saint George, Chennai -09
How to apply online for ECHS experience details send it to below given address on or before 10-01-2017 & attend for interview with original certificates (including experience certificates), two passport size photographs on 03-02-2017 at 10.00 AM.
Station Cell (ECHS),
C/O DSC Centre, Kannur – 670017
For post 14-20
Station Headquarters (ECHS),
Fort Saint George, Chennai – 600009 on or before 11-01-2017 & attend for walk in interview along with relevant certificates on 19, 18-01-2017 from 09:30 Hrs.
Click Here for New Notification of Odisha Power Generation Corporation (OPGC) Recruitment 2016-Apply here for 63 Manager, AGM, DGM Posts
Note:
Candidates should carefully read the official notification for detail information of ECHS Recruitment 2016-Apply here for MO, Chowkidar, and Nursing Asst Posts, regarding age limit, educational qualification, pay scale, application fee, Selection procedure.BESTEK 150W 2-Socket Cigarette Lighter Splitter Power Adapter DC Outlet Car Charger Splitter Dual 2.4A USB Car Cigarette Splitter with 26 Inches Cord for Cellphone GPS Dash Cam
Built-in protective circuits and high quality components prevent the product or your devices from overheating or overloading. 18 months warranty and 7*24H kind customer service.
yantu Cigarette Lighter Adapter 3 Socket Cigarette Lighter Splitter with LED Voltage Display Dual USB Car Charger On/Off Switches 12V Car Splitter Adapter for iPhone iPad Samsung GPS Dashcam Replaceable fus
SOAIY 3-in-1 Cigarette Lighter Car Mount + Voltage Detector (Not for Center Console & Window)
Dual USB 3.1A Charger with Adjust Gooseneck & 360° Rotating Car Mount Cradle for 1.7-3.7inch Width Phones
Fit Most Cellphones - 1.5-3.4 wide extendable grip with Non-slip feet and surface keeps your phone tightly locked in and prevents your device from falling or moving around without leaving a scratch. one press side button release design for one-handed operation
Wishinkle UL Certified USB Car Charger
12W/2.4A Fast Car Charger Mini Cigarette Lighter USB Charger Compatible with iPhone 11/11 pro/XR/X/XS, Samsung Note 9/Galaxy S10/S9/S8 and More
What you get: 12W Car Charger X 1, User Manual x 1, our worry-free 24-month , and friendly customer service
AINOPE Car Charger Adapter
AINOPE Dual QC3.0 Port 6A/36W USB Car Charger All Metal Cigarette Lighter USB Charger Voltage Display Compatible with 11/11 pro/XR/X/XS/8, Galaxy Note 8/S9/S10+/S8-Black
WE CARE FOR YOU: Welcome to contact us if you have any questions or concerns. Our reliable Customer Service will be sure to reply within 24 hours and offer proper solutions for you.
AINOPE [2-Packs] Cigarette Lighter USB Charger, All Metal Mini Car Charger Adapter 4.8A Fast USB Car Charger 2 Port Flush Fit Compatible with Xs max/XR/x/7/6s, Air 2/Mini 3, Note 9/Galaxy S10/S9/S8
Black
WE
)
Feeke Car Cigarette Lighter Wireless Charger Mount- Automatic Clamping Phone Holder
Infrared Smart Sensor Dual USB QC3.0 Ports 10W 7.5W Qi Fast Charging Air Vent Cradle for Cell Phone
2 In 1 and WarrantyWith dual fast charge ports, no additional car cigarette lighter USB splitter is required, or it can be installed at the air vents. We will provide lifetime free technical support, 30-day money back guarantee, if you have more questions, please feel free to contact us.
What You Get: Power drive PD 2, welcome Guide, our worry-free 18-month, and friendly customer service.
Rocketek 2-Socket Car Splitter Cigarette Lighter Adapter Multi Power Outlet 12/24V 90W with 3.1A 2 USB Car Charger Adapter
Cigarette Lighter Splitter Adapter for iPhone ipad Cell Phone Tablet GPSFans of the Tomb Raider games were elated when it was announced that another movie featuring gaming’s top heroine was in the works, and that it would be hitting cinema screens in March 2018.
And many were also happy to hear that another high-calibre actress would be playing the Lara Croft role this time. This is none other than Swedish star Alicia Vikander, famous for her Oscar-winning role in the movie Dutch Girl, while she also gave a pretty good account of herself in other movies like The Fifth Estate.
The star recently told Vanity (via GameSpot) about her role in the upcoming movie, stating that “I think people can identify with her for lots of different reasons, but for me I very much see her as a model for many young women”, adding that “she’s trying to carve out her place in the world and connect her future with her past. She also has a fantastic mix of traits—tough, smart, vulnerable, plus she’s kick ass!”
Vikander also commented on how physically challenging the Lara Croft role is, but said she enjoyed this aspect of the filming, calling the role “an absolute thrill”.
We also now know a bit more about the movie’s plot, which involves young Lara’s search for her father. The man had gone missing in a tomb off the Japanese coast, likely the perfect place for Lara to hone her skills and become the ass-kicking heroine audiences the world over have grown to love.
The thing is, will Alicia Vikander’s playing Lara Croft be as convincing as Angelina Jolie was back in 2001 when she featured in Simon West’s Lara Croft: Tomb Raider movie? This remains to be seen, but here’s hoping this new Tomb Raider movie manages to break the video game movie curse and surprise everyone when it hits movie theatres in March next year.
Tomb Raider (Warner Bros. / Graham Bartholomew)Industrial Watertube BoilersRequest a Quote. For more information on our used watertube boilers, and/or Cleaver Brooks boilers for sale, contact us today.
Watertube Boiler Manufacturers
Included in the inventory below are our industrial used watertube boilers for sale, watertube fleet for sale, and our mobile rental boiler fleet. We supply boilers manufactured by:
- Cleaver Brooks Boiler for sale / Nebraska Boiler
- Optimus Industries / Chanute Manufacturing
- Various Others
Product Filters
The person asking the question stated that they have a large amount of press releases that have accumulated inbound links from high authority sites, presumably from sites like news sites and other sites that might be important to the niche.
The question revolves on how to reorganize the site so that the entire press release section is blocked off from Google but in a way that the site could still benefit from the inbound links from the “high authority” sites.
“…We have a site with a large number of press release pages.
These are quite old…they have accumulated a large amount of backlinks but they don’t get any traffic.
But they are quite high authoritative domains pointing to them.”
The question continued:
“I was thinking… we can move it to an archive. but I still would like to benefit from the SEO power these pages have built up over time.
So is there a way to do this cleverly… moving them… to an archive… but then still… benefit from the SEO power these pages have built up over time?”
Advertisement
Continue Reading Below
There’s a lot to unpack in that question, especially the part about the accumulation of links to a section of the site and the “SEO power” those pages have to spread around.
There are many SEO theories about links because it’s unclear how Google uses them.
The word “opaque” means something that is not transparent and makes it hard to see something clearly.
Google is not only opaque about how they use links, but the way they use links is evolving, just like the rest of their algorithms. That further complicates forming ideas about how links actually work.
Googlers have made statements about some of these ideas, like the concept of links conferring so-called authority to entire domains (Google’s John Mueller reaffirms that Google does not have a domain authority metric or signal in use at Google).
So sometimes it’s best to keep an open mind about links in order to be receptive to information that might counter what is commonly accepted as true, especially if there are multiple statements from Googlers that contradict those ideas.
Advertisement
Continue Reading Below
John Mueller paused to think before answering the question about best way to benefit from “SEO power” of old links.
Then he said:
“I mean, you can just redirect them to a different part of your site.
If you have an archive section for this kind of older content, which is very common, then… moving the content there and redirecting the URLs there, that essentially tells us to forward the links there.”
The person asking the question said that some of the content needed to be there for legal reasons and that Google doesn’t have to access those web pages all the time.
He said that he was considering disallowing the folder that contained the web pages.
Disallowing means blocking search engines from crawling certain pages using the Robots.txt protocol, which search engines are obliged to obey.
Robots.txt is a way, among several things, to tell search engines which pages not to crawl.
His follow up question was:
“Will this also mean that the built-up SEO Power will be ignored from that point onward?”
Google’s Mueller closed his eyes and tilted his head up, pausing a moment before answering that question.
John Mueller Paused Before Answering Question about SEO Power of Links
John said:
Advertisement
Continue Reading Below
“So probably we would already automatically crawl less if we recognize that they’re less relevant for your site.
Not the case that you need to block it completely.
If you were to block it completely with robots.txt, we would not know what was on those pages.
So essentially, when there are lots of external links pointing to a page that is blocked by robots.txt then sometimes we can still show that page in the search results but we’ll show it it with a title based on the links and a text that says, oh, we don’t know what is actually here.
And if that page that is being linked to is something that is just referring to more content within your website, we wouldn’t know.
So we can’t, kind of, indirectly forward those links to your primary content.
So that’s something where if you see that these pages are important enough that people are linking to them, then I would try to avoid blocking them by robots.txt.
The other thing kind of to keep in mind, also is that these kind of press release pages, things that collect over time, usually the type of links that they attract are a very time-limited kind of thing, where a new site will link to it once.
And then when you look at the number of links, it might look like there are lots of links here. But these are really old news articles which are in the archives of those news sites, essentially.
It’s also kind of a sign, well, they have links but those links are not extremely useful because it’s so irrelevant in the meantime.”
Advertisement
Continue Reading Below
SEO Power of Links?
It’s notable that Mueller refrained from discussing the “SEO power” of links. Instead he focused on the time related quality of the links and the (lack of) usefulness in terms of relevance for old news related links.
The SEO community tends to think of news related links as being useful. But Mueller referred to “really old news articles” as being in archives and also being a sign that those links are not useful because of relevance issues.
In general, news has time-based relevance. What was relevant five years ago may not be as useful or relevant in the present.
So in a way, Mueller seemed to be indirectly downplaying the notion of “SEO power” of links because of issues related to where those links were coming from (news sites) and because of the passage of time making those links less useful because they are referring to a topic that may not be evergreen but of the moment, which has already passed.
Advertisement
Continue Reading Below
Citation
Watch the Google office hours hangout:O Lord Jesus Christ, Thou eternal Son of God, the Savior of the world, who , having finished the great work of redemption and risen from the grave, didst celebrate Thy triumphal ascension in imposing majesty, and wast seated on the right hand of the Father, being exalted above all angels and principalities, and above all power and might, and above everything that is named in this world and in that which is to come: we worship and glorify Thee that Thy cross and Passion was concluded in rejoicing, and through death Thou didst enter into Thine eternal glory, and hast opened again the gates of paradise, and prepared mansions of glory for the children of men.
Blessed Lord, Thou has achieved the victory; we are still in the moil and toil of conflict. Thou art exalted above all heavens; look with favor upon us, and think upon us for good, who are yet strangers on earth.
O Thou eternal High Priest, our only Mediator, who, having blotted out the handwriting of ordinances that was against us, dwellest in the high and holy place, appear in the presence of God for us, and be our Advocate with the Father, that by Thy perfect merit and gracious intercession we may escape the righteous judgment of God, and His peace may abide with us forever.
O Thou heavenly King establish Thy dominion in our hearts. Send down Thy Holy Spirit to enlighten us with Thy grace, to guide us in to all truth, and to work all in all, that Thy spiritual body may be built up. As Thou hast opened heaven to us, so keep us, that we may not close this same heaven again by impenitence and sin. Draw us to Thee, and fill our hearts with holy desires, that on the wings of faith and ardent devotion we may continually ascend to Thee.
As all power is given unto Thee in heaven and in earth, surely Thou art able to save to the uttermost all who come unto God by Thee; and as Thou hast promised to be with Thy faithful people alway, even unto the end of the world, comfort us with Thy presence as long as we are sojourners on earth, and let us all receive of Thy fulness (sic.), and grace for grace. [Cause Thy blessing to rest upon our Government, that peace may be maintained and justice impartially administered to the glory of Thy name. Protect and extend Thy Church, which Thou hast purchased with Thine own blood, and graciously keep us steadfast in Thy saving Word and the right use of the blessed Sacraments. Send forth faithful messengers of the Gospel, and clothe them with the armor of righteousness on the right hand and on the left, that all flesh may see Thy salvation. Govern hearts of parents and teachers, that they may bring to Thee the children entrusted to their care, and do Thou lead those who are in the morning of their years up on the way of life. Awaken the unconverted, and such as have fallen away, that they may no more serve the world, but lift there eyes to the Land of Promise. Have mercy upon all who are in affliction and distress, in sickness and temptation; hear their cry, and refresh them with Thy heavenly comfort.] Grant that with patience and hope we may fight the good fight and obtain the prize of eternal life. And finally, when the hour of our departure is at hand, Lord Jesus, receive our spirit, and let us abide in Thy presence, where there is fulness (sic.) and joy amid pleasures at the right and of God forevermore. Amen.
(Liturgy & Agenda for Evangelical Lutheran Hymn-Book: CPH 1936)Download presentation
1
Main and Subordinate Clauses
2
Main clauses (Independent Clauses)
Main clause: a clause that can form a complete sentence standing alone, having a subject and a predicate. I ate pizza. I = the subject ate= the predicate (or verb) The teddy bear was soft. Teddy bear = the subject was = the predicate (or verb) John and Sara are dating and will soon get married. John and Sara = the subject are dating = the predicate (or verb) Not this Claus! Helping verbs: am, are, is, was, were, be, being, been, have, has, had, shall, will, do, does, did may, must, might, can, could, would, should
3
Subordinate clauses (Dependent Clauses)
Subordinate clause: a clause, typically (not always) introduced by a conjunction, that contains a subject and predicate, and forms part of and is dependent on a main clause. She answered the phone when it rang. After lunch, I go to English class. I really like that shirt you are wearing. I had a friend who dyed his hair purple. Even though I made the highest grade in the class, my mom was still upset because I did not make an “A” on the test. Subordinate clause Main clause
4
How to Recognize a Subordinate Clause (Dependent Clause)
Subordinate Conjunctions—a conjunction that introduces a dependent clause. After Although As Because Before Even if Even though If In order that Once Provided that Rather than Since So that Than Though unless Until When Whenever Where Whereas Wherever Whether While why Relative pronouns introduce relative clauses, which are a type of dependent clause. That Which Whichever Who Whoever Whom Whose Whosever Whomever
5
1. After the storm cleared, the flight took off.
Practice—Draw one line under the subordinate clause or clauses in each sentence. For the main clause, put a star above the subject and circle the predicate (or verb). 1. After the storm cleared, the flight took off. 2. You will learn to speak Spanish if you practice. 3. I know a girl who sings in the chorus. 4. Although English is my favorite subject, I also like algebra. 5. We can go to the mall unless you are too busy.
Similar presentations
© 2021 SlidePlayer.com Inc.Object Collectors Item
QUILTED GILET
34,95 € 69,99 €
Select Colour Sandshell
Select Size
Added to your bag
Colour:
Size:
Length:
Free shipping from € 50
Free 100 day returns
Pay afterwards with Klarna without extra cost
Shipping methods
- Zip fastening - 2 patch pockets - Leopard print lining - Longline
- Outer: 100% Nylon; Lining: 100% Polyester
- Machine wash at 30°C
- Do not tumble dry
- Article Number 23034041_Sandshell_92531/4’’ slip guard is high quality nitrile -butadiene rubber compound circular studded rubber matting. It is built for high stress, high traffic locations that need a durable and long lasting floor solution. This rubber door mats have a circular surface pattern and a flat reverse side providing a secure gripping surface for safety and comfort. It is ideal kitchen floor mats which not only slip proof but trolly friendly.
Features
The circular non-directional studded pattern gives this matting a non-slip surface that is easy to clean and won't trap dirt unlike some other types of non-slip rubber matting.
Application
Suitable to be used at the high traffic passageway area to protect ground materials.Welcome! Please take a few seconds to create your free account to post threads, make some friends, remove a few ads while surfing and much more. ClutchFans has been bringing fans together to talk Houston Sports since 1996. Join us!
Howard Stern Birthday Bash LIVE
Discussion in 'BBS Hangout' started by Victorious, Jan 31, 2014.Server Side Includes in Shared Website Hosting
All of the shared website hosting we offer support Server Side Includes, so you can bring in dynamic components to your static website that you host on our cloud system. By creating a blank .htaccess file and entering several lines of code within it, you'll be able to activate SSI for a domain or maybe a subdomain. The file in question must be inside the exact folder where you are going to use SSI you'll be able to discover the code inside our Frequently Asked Questions section, so you don't need any coding knowledge. Our 24/7 technical support staff shall also be able to assist you with enabling Server Side Includes if you aren't certain what to do. You should additionally make sure to modify the extension of all your files that are going to make use of SSI from .html to .shtml and ensure that the links on your website lead to the correct files.Drafts for short stories written by Graham.
Drafts
Archive Unit
- For more information, email the repository
- Advice on accessing these materials
- Cite this description
- Bookmark:
- This material is held at
- ReferenceGB 891 ACG/16/1
- Dates of Creation1943 - 1986
- Name of Creator
- Language of MaterialEnglish
- Physical Description16 filesCable Management
Additional Information
7 Reasons Why Cable Management and Wire Organization is Important
As the old saying goes, you only get one chance to make a good first impression. And as a business owner, that's especially important for you to do, which is why you should take the steps needed to make your office space feel like home.
But if a customer walks into your building and stumbles over a cable a few seconds later, it's safe to assume you're not creating a homely environment. And even worse than that, you risk the chance of them falling and injuring themselves, which is the worst thing that could happen.
That's where cable management comes into play. Because regardless of how many plants you put in your office space, you won't create a welcoming environment if you don't cover up those cables.
But what are the other benefits of practicing good cable management? And is it really worth taking the time to tuck all those wires away neatly? If you're asking yourself these kinds of questions, wonder no longer, because we're here to help!
In this article, we'll tell you 7 benefits to cable management at the office, including a few reasons you might not have thought of before! Now then, let's get started!
1. Utilize Good Fire Safety Practices
Perhaps the biggest reason to practice good cable management at the office revolves around fire safety. And while there are multiple issues that can occur due to poor cable management, none of them are as scary or as harmful as an office fire.
That's right, poor cable management can increase your chances of having an office fire. How? Well, your cables and wires have a better chance of short-circuiting when bunched up together, which can cause a fire.
Also, if your wires are in a position where your equipment can easily overheat, that overheated equipment can catch fire, too. So if you want to have peace of mind, and know that your office is safe, it's a good idea to invest in proper cable ties and take care of your wiring situation today.
2. Utilize Good General Safety Practices
While office fires are a much bigger issue to worry about, they're not the only kind of safety hazard poor cable management can create. In fact, there are a wide variety of hazards that you can introduce into the office, should you choose to not manage your cables correctly.
Injuries related to tripping and falling over those cables, in particular, are the most common. In fact, if you have cables running on the ground anywhere in your office, it's a good idea to invest in some cable covers to prevent any issues.
Furthermore, if a cable is tripped over, or even just snagged, it can send heavy pieces of computer equipment crashing to the floor. And if that equipment lands on someone, they can be seriously injured as a result, which of course isn't good.
Even if no one gets injured, you're most likely going to need to replace whatever piece of equipment was wrenched and fell. And it's safe to assume that whatever fell most likely cost a lot more than some basic cable management supplies.
3. Prevent Equipment Performance Issues
We touched on this earlier, but poor wiring can cause all of the tech in your office to overheat, which can start a fire. But with that overheating also comes the risk of performance issues with the tech itself, which can hurt productivity.
It goes without saying, but computers and other tech having to shut off due to overheating isn't an ideal situation. Also, poor cable management can even cause wires to come undone, turning off equipment and putting a stop to everyone's workday.
You can even risk doing longterm damage to your gear should they overheat due to poor cable management often. And once again, it's safe to assume that black cable ties are much cheaper than all of the equipment in your office.
4. Make Troubleshooting Wire Issues Easier
If you have a lot of gear in your office, you've most certainly got a lot of cables, too. And when one of those cables goes bad, it can send the entire office into a frenzy, or even shut things down completely until the problem is solved.
If you've got a loaded server room, finding the wire that's causing the issue can take awhile. This process is made that much more difficult if you don't have a solid cable management system, which isn't something you or your IT specialist isn't going to want to deal with.
So make sure that, when the time comes, your faulty cable troubleshooting process is much easier due to proper cable management. That way you can get things back up and running quicker, saving both time and money in the process.
5. Protect Your Cables from Getting Damaged
We've touched on the fact that cable ties and other cable management supplies aren't as costly as the tech those cables are running to. But they're also not as costly as the cables themselves, either, which is worth noting.
If people are constantly kicking and stepping on your cables, those cables aren't going to last very long. And depending on what kind of cable is being damaged, it can be quite expensive to replace it, which isn't something you want to have to deal with.
So, extend the life of your cables by practicing good cable management. Sure, some cables are going to go bad eventually, but you don't want to make matters worse by having everyone walk over your cables each and every day.
6. Maintain a Cleaner Working Environment
In order to have a clean and inviting office space, you have to hide those cables away. And even if you keep your space neat and organized, if those cables aren't removed, things can really start to feel cluttered.
Keeping the clutter out of your office space should be a big priority for you and everyone who works in the space. In fact, clutter has even been linked to poor mental health, which makes it that much more important to stay on top of and avoid when you can.
By removing the cable clutter from your office, you can maintain a cleaner, happier, and healthier working environment. And with that, you're one step closer to creating the ideal working space that both you and your employees can thrive in.
7. Impress Your Customers and Business Partners
Once again, you can't underestimate the power of a good first impression. And even if some of your customers are return visitors, you want them to be impressed with the way your office space looks and feels.
Sure, if you have a server room, the bulk of your cables may be hidden away and out of sight from customers and other guests. But even with a server room, odds are you have some cables that are visible in your office somewhere, all of which need to be tucked away and hidden.
Again, nobody wants to look at cables, especially your customers. And as a business owner, you should want your customers to walk into your office and feel right at home, so it's easier to do business with them.
Remember, something as simple as traditional black cable ties can solve all of these issues in just a few short minutes. And again, everything will look better and function better as a result, which makes the decision a no-brainer.
The 7 Benefits of Practicing Good Cable Management. The safety benefits that come from good cable management make the time and energy it takes to implement these practices worth it.
And on top of that, neatly tucking away those cables is visually pleasing, and helps promote good mental health in the workplace, too. It also helps prolong the life of your cables and makes it easier to work on them if something ever goes wrong.
Last but not least, you're protecting your equipment when practicing good cable management. Because things have less of a chance of overheating or getting knocked over if the cables are tucked away.
Looking for some quality cable management supplies for your office or workspace? Check out our wide selection of cable ties today!. This product is an easy way to keep your purse, backpack, car, or desk organized and tangle-free! The BlueLounge® CableDrop™ Cord Clips work by gently grasping your power cords to ensure that they do not fall off the desk every time you unplug your laptop or other devices. The bright colors help to distinguish between cords and are an attractive and easy way to keep your desk organized both at work and at home. Kableflags are a simple solution for keeping track of which cords go with which plugs. They do not leave any adhesive residue and are extremely durable. Using Kableflags, you will never accidentally pull out the wrong plug again! Dotz Cable Organizers are a fun and colorful way to distinguish all of your different cords. The built-in identification tags will aid in keeping track of messy cables in your home or office. This product is convenient, attractive, and re-usable! The Neat-Patch Storage Manager is an excellent solution for managing and concealing messy patch-cords. The patented unique plastic molded body is designed for quick access and is an ideal time saver as it will allow you to trace your circuits in seconds. Lastly, the Adjustable Cable Clamp® is a simple way to bundle cords and cables without damaging them. This product is infinitely reusable and is easy to open and close using quick connect/quick release locking technology. It is also available in a variety of sizes and colors and is great for securing ropes, coiled cables, and air and garden hoses. These products are only a few of the many cable organizing solutions available. Other great products include Velcro®, CableYoyo™, and Wire Clips. These products are all durable, easy to use, and help to maintain an attractive and professional appearance, no matter the situation.We are going to be rolling out a new web interface for students this fall in the form of WITS. It is the same WITS that staff has used for a few years now, but focused on information that students need. When a student logs into WITS (using the same web address – wits.williamsvillek12.org), he/she will see teacher class notes, an event calendar, schedule and grade information, and more.
This access for students will provide a very consistent look & feel for everyone in the district, and everyone will see the same information (dates, schedules, etc.)
The site will also have a parent information area and student showcase, so we can show off work created by students. Once in full use, WITS will provide some excellent resources and communication tools for our learning community.
1 reply on ““WITS for Kids””
Hi, I think that WITS is wonderful. I am a parent and I like having ‘a clue’ into my childrens lives. I have 2 chidren and would like to switch between the two easily. Is there a way???? Currently I have to restart the computer.
Thanks in advance.The ActiCare Health Monitoring Program helps to close the gaps facing transplant and VAD departments today by increasing patient adherence to discharge plans, improving care providers’ access to critical data, and strengthening communication between patients and their care teams. Learn more about how we can help your organization increase patient satisfaction and optimize outcomes, while minimizing the stress and operational hurdles facing your team.
SaveScott Schuman
The Making of the Sartorialist
Growing up in the Midwest, Schuman initially saw fashion as an in with women.
Question: What drew you to fashion?
Scott Schuman: What made me want to work in fashion? When I was growing up I played sports like all the regular kids in the Midwest, boys in the Midwest and would read Sports Illustrated and you know read all about all the athletes that I liked and kept reading that what they were spending their money on, you know cars and music and fashion and you know, so I’d start picking up those magazines and I think I ended up becoming more interested in fashion than I did sports and the better I dressed the more attention I seemed to get from women, which was more attention than what I was getting on the football field.
Question: How did you get into blogging?
Scott Schuman: The blogging part was pretty easy. I had an idea for “The Sartorialist”, this idea of mixing photographs of guys that I knew were stylish with guys that I knew were fashionable, which are two different things, but I only really knew about websites at that time and I knew that a website would take too much time, too many other people would have to be involved and when I happened to be going through the internet I found a blog, just happened to click onto a blog and I’m the kind of person that once I see something interesting I just start hitting all the buttons trying to figure out how they’re doing it and it was an interior design blog actually and I thought it was pretty cool. She had like 30 comments. She had some good visuals up and once I saw that I was able to look at it in an abstract enough way to be able to say I could do this with my photographs. Once I figured out how she was doing it and how simple it was to do I thought that’s the format I want to do. There weren’t really any kind of… definitely I don’t think any street style blogs. Maybe “Face Hunter” was right about that time, but I didn’t really know it in the beginning, but I saw the potential of using a blog as a visual format as opposed to a just text driven. At least I think most of the blogs at that time were very text driven and if they had a little bit of visual it wasn’t very important where for me I thought this would be a great way to put photographs up and then put a little bit of text to create a conversation, but the simplicity is what made the blogging part so… The simplicity and the interaction with the audience were the two things I think make it most attractive.
Question: What is the difference between street fashion and what designers create?
Scott Schuman: The difference between what designers create are you know they’re creating a little world every season, you know head to toe, a full look, shoes bags, dresses, the whole thing whereas street fashion is what people are really wearing. There is an element of new. There is an element of previous seasons. There is your own history, you know your sweatshirt from high school and vintage pieces and it’s that kind of combination that I find so much more interesting than just the runway, but you know and I love fashion. I love going to the runway shows. It’s not so much for me a shopping trip as it is the appreciation of the craft of these design geniuses who come up with beautiful color combinations and beautiful proportion suggestions and these kind of ideas, so I look at the runway shows in very different ways, just kind of a romantic artistic interpretation of how they would like to see fashion going forward, but for me it’s much more abstract. The runway shows are much more abstract than you know what ends up on people is much more real to me.
Question: Are you a fashion insider or a fashion outsider?
Scott Schuman: Realistically a fashion insider. I mean I was in the business 15 years before I started the blog, so even though it was in a different part of the business. It was in sales and marketing. None of the people that I’ve met since I’ve been doing the blog did I know really beforehand, but I knew about the business and that’s how I really came with the eye. I think part of what I do is the photography. I think that’s half of it and I think I’m able… I learned how to be able to shoot something in the romantic way that I see it, but then the other half of it is the editing, who I choose to shoot and not so much because of the drama and over dramatic nature of the way they’re dressed. Sometimes it’s very, very subtle. My background in tailoring and in pattern making and I think really helped me understand the subtleties of a suit and why a guy can look great looking very subtle in a suit. I think that’s what really separates me is I have a real understanding of actual clothes and how they work and how they should fit and a reasonably good artistic version of photography that kind of captures that. I think that was really kind of the best combination.
Question: What is the difference between fashion and style?
Scott Schuman: The difference between fashion and style is that fashion is the sometimes. It’s the thing that’s happening at that moment. Sometimes it might be pointy shoes. Sometimes it might be heels. Sometimes it might be flats. Where style I think is something that’s always there in your own personal wardrobe whether it’s a navy cardigan, reading glasses like this, but that’s different for everybody. Everybody’s version of style is totally different and that’s what I think keeps me going out on the street everyday is going out and kind of seeing the variations and what things maybe I’d never seen quite that way that I find very curious and how people will be able to communicate their own persona through their clothing, their posture, the way they wear their hair. I think all those elements end up becoming very interesting because I don’t think I’m really particularly a people person. So for me I think it’s interesting to kind of be able to read people in that way.
Question: What are your favorite cities to shoot and why?
Scott Schuman: My favorite cities to shoot, Milan in Italy obviously. The guys look great. The women look great. There is an old school romance. I mean it feels like Italy in the 1950’s. The guys at the bars still wear beautiful white dinner jackets and there is a formality there. I mean it doesn’t matter if it’s 90 degrees in the summer and it’s killer hot in Milan. The guys still put on their jackets to leave their office to go get lunch and bring it back to the office. You never see that in America. Guys barely can put on their shirts to go to the office or keep their tie done, so I think there is a romance that they’re willing to and enjoy that formality that they’ve created there in Milan and all across Italy, but especially in Milan. So I love that formality, but at the same time after about a week I’ve had enough of that and I’m ready to go to Paris where it’s more sexy and more dramatic, more challenge in terms of how they put things together and then back to America. I really love being able to go to those three different places and in America we’re so much more sporty, so much more color, so much more different in the way that we talk about our style, the way we exude our style. We have… Like in Milan for example they’re very narrow. Everybody dresses in a few certain ways and they have beautiful variations on those few kind of styles, but in American there is a million different styles, rocker and vintage and sporty and preppy and so I like that variation, so one without the other is not nearly as interesting.
Question: Where else do you want to explore?
Scott Schuman: I’ve been to Hong Kong, which I thought was very interesting. Beijing, but I want to go there more. In 2010 that’s one of my big challenges is try and make it through Asia more and I don’t know. I’m curious to see what I find. I think in Japan I think there is a lot of style and a lot of subcultures, but it will be interesting to see how much of them… how much of the people wearing those clothes are really expressing something about who they are or who they want to be and it will be very interesting to see, especially once you get there, once you get to a certain city like in Stockholm you really get to know the people a little bit and what they’re saying through their clothes. It’s more… To me I think it’s much more interesting than just the clothes they’re wearing or the length of the skirt. You start to understand something about that culture. In Rio none of the girls have short hair. A lot of the interviews I did in Rio people would say, “What do you want to find in Rio?” And I’d say the one girl with short hair because they just don’t do it and once you get to know them a little bit you realize that all the girls are afraid to cut their hair short because they’re afraid their men won’t like them, so what you think of as a beautiful natural style actually becomes a style out of fear and it kind of changes your perception of it a little bit. So for Japan I’m very curious to see who is really doing something unique and who is just doing something because they’ve heard that’ s the way they do it Florence or Milan. [
Question: Are any trends truly classic?
Scott Schuman: Well by that question it’s… What’s that, an oxymoron? Trend and classic, I don’t know if we can put those two together. I don’t know because it’s totally different for everybody. For me a navy cardigan always looks great. Converse tennis shoes just always work, but that’s for me. And that’s just it. I don’t at least for me I don’t ever really look for trends. I’m looking for just what captures my attention at that time and rarely do I ever look back and try and put together trends or say this kind of trend is important. For me it’s about the individual expression and if you go back and look through the archives you might find certain things become trends, but it’s just not something that particularly interests me.
Question: When did your blog really takeoff and why?
Scott Schuman: Well the blog took off pretty quickly and I think it’s because I had a particular point of view. There has been other street style photographers, Bill Cunningham in the New York Times is like the godfather of modern street style photography and other people historically, but I think what they had always done is they were always trying to find the most dramatic, the people that you wouldn’t see every day, the people that were really different, where I shot things that people would aspire to. Something that maybe they would see every day, but didn’t really know the difference between something done well and something not done as well, a suit that fits a guy really well as opposed to just another suit or dress that fits a woman beautifully or the way that she has put this combination of fur and an open-toe shoe, two totally just separate kind of ideas and yet she has put them together in a way and go okay, that does look really great. So I think it took off not because I was shooting the incredibly different, but because I was shooting something people could relate to, a lot of different people could relate to and I don’t think there was one time, one particular thing that made me say this is really becoming popular, but for me it was these really heartfelt emails I would get from people that meant something to them, that they could look at these pictures and say, “I look like that guy, but I don’t look like him yet.” “I want to look like him.” “I’m big like him.” “I’m a little chubby like him, but he looks great and he is dressed better in his clothes than I am.” So I know these guy were printing photographs and taking it to Nordstrom or Sachs or Dillard’s or wherever and saying help me look like this and would be able to achieve it because it was never in my blog about how expensive it is. Almost if you look at most of the guys that are really well dressed it’s just the attention to detail and anybody can do that. That’s just taking it to alterations and getting the right amount of cuff and all these little things that aren’t about the expense, but just about the attention to detail.
Recorded on December 2, 2009WEIGHT: 47 kg
Breast: 36
1 HOUR:50$
Overnight: +80$
Sex services: BDSM, Parties, Spanking (giving), Hand Relief, Massage prostate
Escort girls Paris, France , bdsm entertainers and erotic massage in Paris, Vesper. Advanced search. France Paris.
Escorts in Paris, France. Escort in Paris , France. Ask for price. Hello dear men, please text me on whats appI. On Tour in Paris. Age J'adore voyager et aime beaucoup Paris! Je suis en attente pour I am your best escort lady in Paris!Antebellum Album 2018 block of the month.
I think they all look pretty good but that 'heavy' one in the center and the block in the lower left corner stand out to me. I will move the blocks around and see if I can make them fit in a bit better. The other option is to change the fabric placement but I just may leave them as is and move on.
Before I stitch them all together into a quilt top I still need to add the connector blocks and I have already started on them.
1 comment:
Very nice blocks. Another lovely quilt top in the making.Morgan Barbour, BFA in Performance, 2014
contact@morganbarbour.com
While at VCU, Morgan and Caroline Downs (now Siavichay) wrote a play called By the Bi, about the universal bisexual experience. Morgan describes the approach as “very much last year drama school.” After graduating, they took it to the International Dublin Gay Theatre Festival with a cast of 7 VCU students. It was the first ever bi show at the festival.
“We lived in Dublin for a full year” and toured the show in London, Edinburgh and Amsterdam. In 2016, Morgan moved to London for her Master of Fine Arts in movement direction at the Royal Central School of Speech and Drama.
Morgan worked on shows in London before moving to New York, where she collaborated with acting professor Wesley Broulik at Saratoga Shakespeare Company. She was movement director for 2 productions, then she went to University of Nebraska – Lincoln as a guest artist at Nebraska Rep.
More recently, Morgan got a new UK visa as her own business, “and it will switch to an arts visa, then hopefully full citizenship.” Pre-COVID, she was working in Germany, France, and the Netherlands, as well as the UK. During the lockdown, she stayed with a friend in London and “spent an entire year with a full-size trapeze rig and camera.”
Morgan wrote the opening chapter of a book that’s coming out, Palgrave Handbook of Gendered Violence and Technology. She’s also working on Community Standards with the Worldwide Web Foundation and the United Nations as part of a presentation on digital abuse.
Looking back at her successful early career, Morgan considers herself, “incredibly fortunate to be able to make my entire living in the industry. I wouldn’t have expected that when I was a student. I had the least formal theatre experience of anyone in my year.”
When she works now, she sometimes thinks of her former VCU professor Patti D’Beck (a former Movement professor in the department). “Not a day goes by that I don’t channel a bit of Patti. She was very enthusiastic and sometimes used sounds instead of words.” She also credits teachers Drew Richardson and Wesley Broulik, “they took leaps of faith for me. I told them in my senior year what I wanted to do and they said ‘OK, that’s crazy.’ Wesley later sent me apology email the same day he offered me a job.”
Compiled by Liz Hopper, professor emeritus, and Jerry Williams (BFA ’71) for the June 2021 Theatre Alumni Newsletter.Site News and Information > Announcements
Receiving a Personal Message that worries you
(1/1)
Cindy:
Occasionally people receive a personal message from a member that is of concern to them. If you ever receive a message that worries you in any way report it to Admin by clicking the box on the lower right of the message 'Report to Admin' and we will deal with the issue.
The ability to send a message is a privilege that will be removed if any abuse of that privilege occurs.
Your safety and wellbeing is paramount, never give out personal information unless you accept the consequences and never respond to requests asking for personal information.
Cindy
Navigation
[0] Message IndexGo to full versionGenetic typing and in silico assignment of smoked and fresh bushmeat sold on markets and restaurants in west-central CÃ´te d'Ivoire
January-June 2021 - Vol 13 Num. 1
Poachers and bushmeat traders most of the time modify the wildlife materials before commercialization. Therefore, the morphological identification of species is no longer possible. However, accurate identification of the sale wildlife materials is essential for species identification, quantification and better...
ABO and Rh (D) blood group distribution among blood donors: A Study of Natural and Computational Science Faculty graduating class students at Woldia University, Ethiopia
January-June 2021
Molecular characterization and in silico analysis of mutations associated with extended-spectrum beta-lactamase resistance in uropathogenic Escherichia coli and Klebisiella pneumoniae in two hospitals, CÃ´te d'Ivoire
January-June 2021
Genetic typing and in silico assignment of smoked and fresh bushmeat sold on markets and restaurants in west-central CÃ´te d'Ivoire
January-June 2021
Notice of Retraction: Verification of single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) markers associated with maize (Zea mays. L) streak virus resistance in early generation maize lines
July-December 2020
Genetic analysis of twenty two selected genotypes of Jatropha curcas L. (physic nut) from Africa, Asia and America, using SSR and AFLP markers
July-December 2020
November 2013
Low genetic diversity of Hypophthalmus marginatus from the Tocantins River based on cytochrome b sequence data
November 2013
Multivariate analysis of some Ethiopian field pea (Pisum sativum L.) genotypes
October 2013
Role of apoptosis-related factors in follicular atresia
October 2014
Use of simple sequence repeat (SSR) markers to establish genetic relationships among cassava cultivars released by different research groups in Ghanaian
October 2013
Effects of organic insecticides, Kingbo and Azdar 10 EC, on mitotic chromosomes in root tip cells of Allium cepa
Advertisement
AdvertisementThe function returns the two critical limits dLower and dUpper which are accurate to at least 4 decimal places. The null hypothesis (there is no serial correlation) has to be rejected if the test statistic is less than dwLower, and must not be rejected if it is greater than dwUpper. If the test statistic is between dwLower and dwUpper, the Durbin-Watson test is inconclusive.
The function returns TRUE if the parameters are within valid ranges.Employer : MindRight Counselling & Consulting Inc.
Location : 12120 Woodhead Road, Richmond, BC, V6V 1G3, Canada
Job Title : Marketing Manager
NOC Code : 0124
Positions Available : 01
Term : Permanent, Full time
Salary : $ 42.00 per hour
Start Date : As soon as possible.
Education : Degree or Diploma
Experience : 1 to 2 years
Language : English
Start Date : As soon as possible
Job Duties:
Please email your resume along with your contact details to info@mindrightcounselling.com or mail your application to 12120 Woodhead Road, Richmond, BC, V6V 1G3, Canada: 1972–1996
*Titles: 109
Major titles: 8*
The man forever to be known as Jimbo was the first pure product of the pro game. Unlike the generations of amateurs that came before him, this wiry, floppy-haired ball of eternal fire never had to play for lunch money or ply his trade in high-school gyms. The differences, in attitude and style, were obvious.
Where his elders were humble and gentlemanly, Connors was brash and strutting. Where they chipped the ball and followed it to net, Connors hauled off and belted his ground strokes past his opponents. Where they used one hand on their backhands, Connors—like his fellow young stars Bjorn Borg and Chris Evert—wasn’t ashamed to slug his with two.
“Hair, arms, and legs flew, along with plenty of fur, as Connors bashed away in a game he so obviously loved,” was how Bud Collins described his first encounter with an 18-year-old Connors at the 1970 US Open.
Before his opponents knew what hit them, or how to react, Jimbo had taken over the sport. As a 22-year-old, in 1974, he won three majors and claimed the No. 1 ranking. Many believed he would dominate for the next decade. But this Superman had a Kryptonite, and it took a wily veteran, Arthur Ashe, to locate it. Ashe beat Connors with beautifully crafted junk in the 1975 Wimbledon final, and provided the blueprint for all future Jimbo-killers.
But anyone who thought Connors’ full-throttle game wouldn’t last for long didn’t know the depths of his determination. Passed in the rankings by Borg, John McEnroe and Ivan Lendl, Connors nevertheless won eight majors (including three US Opens on three different surfaces), finished five straight seasons at No. 1 and won a men’s-record 109 titles.
“I think my greatest victory was every time I walked out there, I gave everything I had,” he said.
With Jimbo, it was the blood and guts, rather than the glory, that mattered most.
Defining Moment: Connors went out the way he came in—with hair, legs, and fur flying at the 1991 US Open. As a 39-year-old, he reached the semifinals and proved that he was still the Open era’s purest product. The professional game had been about providing entertainment value for the fan’s dollar, and no one had entertained those fans as much, for as long, as Jimbo. “This is what they paid for,” he said, as he milked the applause one last time at Flushing Meadows. “This is what they want.”
Watch: Jimmy Connors brings the US Open crowd to its feet in 1991Beaumaris Singers, Newport Shropshire
Beaumaris Singers are a chamber choir of around 20 voices whose aim is to delight audiences with excellent performances of the choral repertoire. We perform both a cappella and accompanied music from a repertoire spanning five centuries. Recent performances include Handel’s Messiah, Howells’ Requiem, Whitacre’s Sleep, Rutter’s Magnificat, Bach’s Lobet den Herrn and Purcell’s King Arthur.
The choir has broadcast on radio on three occasions, and has performed with Russell Watson in Manchester and Birmingham. For Christmas 2011, members of the choir took part in the BBC’s Songs of Praise from Cound Church. The choir is equally at home with lighter repertoire, providing high quality entertainment at social and charity events. On Veterans Day 2012 we were invited to RAF Cosford to entertain 200 assembled guests. In celebration of the Queen’s Jubilee year, we performed a concert of Coronation Anthems in Newport.Description
The third novel from the Pulitzer Prize-winning author of ‘The Shipping News’, ‘Accordion Crimes’ spans generations, continents and a century and confirms the hallucinatory power of Proulx’s writing.
‘Accordion Crimes’ is a masterpiece of story-telling that spans a century and a continent. It opens in 1890 in Sicily, when an accordion-maker and his son, carrying little more than his finest button accordion, begin their voyage to the teeming, violent port of New Orleans. Within a year, the accordion-maker is murdered by an anti-Italian lynch mob, but his instrument carries the novel into another community of immigrants: German-Americans founding a new town in South Dakota. Moving from South Dakota to Texas, from Montana to Maine, the nine instantly compelling and intricately connected sections of the novel illuminate the lives of the founders of a nation, descendants of Mexicans, Poles, Germans, Irish, Scots and Franco-Canadians. Through the music of the accordion they express their fantasies, sorrows and exuberance.Hey all, Sorry for the frequent emails but we really need to get an idea of how many are planning on coming to the Xande Ribeiro Seminar (he just won the Mundials…again). It is THIS Saturday, Sept 8th, 2007 from 2:30 to 6 pm. The cost is $100. Please let me know if you plan on being there! Attached is a PDF of the flyer if you’d like to distribute. Also, for those of you who do not know, we have moved to a new location across the street. It’s Niiice (said in BORAT accent 🙂 Here is the new address:Piedmont Executive Center3645 Grand Avenue, Suite 102Oakland, CA 94610 If you can’t make the seminar, please come by and see the new spot sometime! Regards, StephanCabler greenlights 'Chefs,' renews 'Newlywed'
GSN has greenlit hourlong cooking competish “Beat the Chefs” and brought in Jeff Foxworthy to host one of its shows in development, “The American Bible Challenge.”The cabler also renewed Sherri Shepherd-hosted “The Newlywed Game” for a sixth season. RelativityReal’s Tom Forman will exec produce “Beat the Chefs,” an hourlong skein that will pit everyday people and their family recipes against the work of professional chefs, with prizes at stake. Foxworthy puts “American Bible Challenge,” exec produced by Forman and Embassy Row’s Michael Davies, on the development fast track. At its upfront presentation today, GSN named seven series in development, including a new version of “$100,000 Pyramid” with Davies exec producing. GSN programming EVP Amy Introcaso-Davis, who joined the cabler in November, said she is implementing a plan to divide programming into three categories: innovative “shiny floor” games, real-life and reinventions of iconic games. “Game has always been a key component of the pop culture landscape,” she said. “We see an opportunity to expand our brand promise by broadening the definition of television game to include a variety of programming that stays true to our core attributes: the excitement and fun of winning, entertainment for the whole family, and viewer engagement.” GSN exec veep of advertising sales John Zaccario said that the strategy would benefit advertisers because “the flexibility and openness of game formats are now coupled with the possibilities of endemic and organic brand placements.” The cabler’s audience in grown 12% among viewers 25-54 in the past year. In addition to “Bible” and “Pyramid,” GSN is also developing several series revolving around personal stories in niche businesses, such as “Pure Gold,” “I Do, Now I Don’t” (secondhand engagement rings) and “The Family Trade,” set at a Vermont auto dealership where cars be bartered for almost anything under the sun. In addition, GSN is developing “Crowning Glory” (set in the world of alternative pageants such as “Miss Klingon Empire” and “Miss Rodeo America”) and auction-themed “War of the Rose Sisters.”Security changes coming to GSP Int'l Airport
TSA has additional screening rules at the airport
TSA has additional screening rules at the airport
TSA has additional screening rules at the airport
The Greenville-Spartanburg International Airport and the Transportation Security Administration are increasing security at the airport just ahead of a busy holiday travel season.
Passengers may be asked to put any electronic device larger than a cellphone into a separate screening bin so TSA agents can check it.
Affected devices include laptops, tablets, e-readers and video game consoles.
TSA started the program at 40 airports and recently expanded it to an additional 60 locations. The expansion includes GSP.
TSA says passengers may see the new rules at the front of the security line, but the rule will be in full effect by the beginning of 2018.Sec. 4521.110 - Requirements for Group Contracts, Evidences of Coverage and Individual Contracts
§ 4521.110. Requirements for Group Contracts, Evidences of Coverage and Individual Contracts
a) Any group contract, evidence of coverage, individual contract, enrollee handbook, enrollment application, identification card or other form that affects the terms and conditions applicable to the subscriber or enrollee in the provision of health care services must be filed with and approved by the Director prior to use in accordance with the requirements of Section 5421.112 and Section 4-13 of the Act. The HMO shall issue to each subscriber or enrollee a group contract, evidence of coverage, or individual contract. Any conflicting information between the valid current document referenced in this subsection issued to the subscriber or enrollee and the current group contract shall be interpreted according to whichever is most beneficial to the subscriber or enrollee. Any group contract, evidence of coverage, or individual contract shall provide for the rendering of health care services as defined in that document for either a specific period of not less than 12 months from the date of issuance or for another period mutually agreed to by the HMO and the group or individual contractholder; and shall provide for renewal on a basis mutually agreed to by both parties, unless the HMO has given 31 days written notice of nonrenewal prior to the renewal date of the contract.
b) A detailed statement of any exceptions, exclusions or limitations shall be set forth in the group contract, evidence of coverage, and individual contract for any type of health care service to be excepted. Exception, exclusions or limitations shall appear with the same prominence in the group contract, evidence of coverage and individual contract as any benefit.
c) The group contract, evidence of coverage, and individual contract shall set forth a detailed statement of the terms and conditions of maternity benefits and any related exceptions, exclusions, limitations, copayments and deductibles. Exceptions, exclusions, limitations, copayments and deductibles applicable to prenatal and post-natal care shall be covered no differently than any other covered health care services provided pursuant to the contract, with the exception of a limitation for coverage of routine prenatal care or delivery when the enrollee is outside the service area against medical advice, except when the enrollee is outside of the service area due to circumstances beyond her control, may be included in the group contract and evidence of coverage.
d) Entire Contract. The group contract, evidence of coverage and individual contract shall contain a statement that the group contract evidence of coverage and individual contract, all applications, and any amendments shall constitute the entire agreement between the parties. No portion of the charter, by-laws or other document of the HMO shall be part of a contract or evidence of coverage unless set forth in full in the document or attached to it.
e) Eligibility Requirements. The group contract, evidence of coverage and individual contract shall contain eligibility requirements indicating the conditions that must be met to enroll in a health care plan, the limiting age for enrollees and eligible dependents including the effects of Medicare eligibility, and a clear statement regarding coverage of newborn children as set forth in Sections 4-8 and 4-9 of the Act.
f) Benefits and Services Within the Service Area. The group contract, evidence of coverage and individual contract shall contain a specific description of benefits and services available within the HMO's designated service area.
g) Emergency Care Services. The group contract, evidence of coverage and individual contract shall contain a specific description of benefits and services available for emergencies 24-hours a day, 7 days a week, including disclosure of any restrictions on emergency care services. No group contract, evidence of coverage or individual contract shall limit the coverage of emergency services within the service area to those providers having a contract with the HMO.
h) Out of Area Benefits and Services. The group contract, evidence of coverage and individual contract shall contain a specific description of benefits and services available out of the HMO's designated service area.
i) Deductibles and Copayments
1) An HMO may require deductibles and copayments of enrollees as a condition for the receipt of specific health care services, including basic health care services. Deductibles and copayments shall be the only allowable charge, other than premiums, assessed enrollees. Nothing within this subsection (i) shall preclude the provider from charging reasonable administrative fees, such as service fees for checks returned for non-sufficient funds and missed appointments.
2) Copayments and deductibles appearing in the policy shall be for specific dollar amounts or for specific percentages of the cost of the health care services.
3) No combination of deductibles and copayments for basic health care services may exceed the annual maximum out-of-pocket expenses of a high deductible health plan as defined in 26 USC 223.
4) Deductibles and copayments applicable to supplemental health care services or catastrophic-only plans as defined under the federal Affordable Care Act, are not subject to the annual limitations described in this Section.
5) This subsection (i) applies to enrollees and does not limit the health care plan payment for services provided by non-participating providers.
j) Cancellation. The group contract, evidence of coverage, and individual contract shall contain the conditions upon which cancellation may be effected by the HMO or the enrollee as set forth in Section 5421.111.
k) Reinstatement. The group contract, evidence of coverage, and individual contract shall contain the conditions of the enrollee's right to reinstatement.
l) Grace Period
1) A group contract or individual contract not involving the use of a premium tax credit shall provide for a grace period for the payment of any premium, except the first, during which coverage shall remain in effect if payment is made during the grace period. The grace period for a group contract shall not be less than 10 days. The grace period for an individual contract shall not be less than 31 days. During the grace period, the HMO shall remain liable for providing the services and benefits contracted for; the subscriber shall remain liable for the payment of the premium for the time coverage was in effect during the grace period and the enrollee shall remain liable for the payment of any applicable share of the premium, for the time coverage was in effect, as well as for any copayments owed.
2) Termination of coverage for individuals receiving advance payments of premium tax credits shall comply with the requirements of 45 CFR 155 and 45 CFR 156.270(2013).
m) No group contract, or evidence of coverage, or individual contract may be delivered in this State unless the subscriber and/or enrollee is provided written notice required by Section 143c of the Illinois Insurance Code [215 ILCS 5/143c].
n) Right to Examine Contract. An individual contract, with the exception of an HMO Medicare contract entered into between the Health Care Financing Administration and the HMO under Title XVIII of the Social Security Act, as amended from time to time, shall contain a provision stating that an enrollee who has entered into an agreement with an HMO shall be permitted to return the individual contract within ten days after receiving it and to receive a refund of the premium paid if the enrollee is not satisfied with the contract for any reason. If the individual contract is returned to the HMO or to its representative through whom it was purchased, it is considered void from the beginning. However, if services are rendered or claims are paid for the enrollee or dependent by the HMO during the 10 day examination period, the enrollee shall not be permitted to return the contract and receive a refund of the premium paid.
o) An HMO Medicare contract entered into between the Health Care Financing Administration and the HMO under Title XVIII of the Social Security Act, as amended from time to time, shall be delivered to the enrollee at least 15 days prior to the effective date of the contract. The enrollee shall be permitted to return the HMO Medicare contract prior to the effective date and to receive a refund of the premium paid if the enrollee is not satisfied with the contract for any reason, provided the enrollee complies with the disenrollment procedures of Title XVIII of the Social Security Act, as amended from time to time.
p) Every HMO will provide to every enrollee of the HMO information that generally describes the philosophy, functions and organization of the HMO and related institutions, and specific information that describes the appropriate use of the HMO's services, including a general description of benefits and limitations. The HMO shall include in its enrollee information a description of the HMO's grievance procedure, directions for filing a grievance, and a Notice of Availability of the Department.
q) Every HMO shall provide enrollees with an identification card that must prominently display the following information:
1) the words "Health Maintenance Organization" or "HMO";
2) disclaimer language concerning an enrollee's unauthorized use of providers not selected by the HMO;
3) a current telephone number for the enrollees to use when health care services are required outside of normal office hours; and
4) the name of all enrollees entitled to coverage, along with all other mandated information, if the HMO does not issue a card to each enrollee who is entitled to coverage. In these situations, at least two cards must be issued to the primary enrollee upon enrollment and the HMO must issue additional cards to all enrollees at the request of the enrollee for no additional charge. Notification of the right to order additional cards for no additional charge must be included with information required to be disseminated to enrollees under subsection (p).
r) Enrollment Application. No individual contract shall be issued except upon the signed enrollment application of the enrollee for whom coverage is being sought. Any information or statement of the applicant shall appear on the application in the form of interrogatories by the HMO and answers by the applicant. The enrollee shall not be bound by any statement made within an application for health care coverage unless a copy of the application is attached to the individual contract. Group enrollment applications must be maintained on file by the HMO; otherwise, disputes arising from statements made within the applications will be resolved in the enrollee's favor. Except for those instances involving fraud or material misrepresentation, an HMO's failure to investigate incomplete or conflicting answers on an enrollment application shall estop the HMO from subsequently denying coverage on the basis of those responses.
s) Coordination of Benefits
1) HMOs are permitted, but not required, to adopt coordination of benefits provisions for group contracts, evidence of coverage, or individual contracts to avoid overinsurance and to provide for the orderly payment of claims when a person is covered by two or more group health insurance or health care plans.
2) If an HMO adopts coordination of benefits, the provision must be consistent with the coordination of benefits requirements set forth in 50 Ill. Adm. Code 2009.
3) To the extent necessary for an HMO to meet its obligations as a secondary carrier under 50 Ill. Adm. Code 2009, and when an enrollee has established a credit within the reserve bank, the HMO shall make payments for services that are:
A) received from non-participating providers;
B) provided outside its services areas; or
C) not covered under the terms of health care plan.
t) Dependents-termination of coverage-disability and dependency, proof-application. Every group contract, evidence of coverage, or individual contract that provides that coverage of a dependent person of an enrollee shall terminate upon attainment of the limiting age for dependent persons shall comply with the requirements of Section 4-9.1 of the Act.
u) Conversion of Coverage
1) The group contract and evidence of coverage shall contain a conversion provision that provides that each enrollee has the right to convert coverage to an individual or group HMO contract in the following circumstances:
A) upon cancellation of eligibility for coverage under a group contract;
B) upon cancellation of the group contract; or
C) upon non-renewal of the group contract.
2) The conversion contract shall cover the enrollee and his/her eligible dependents who were covered by the group contract on the date of cancellation or non-renewal of coverage. To obtain the conversion contract, an enrollee shall submit a written application and the application premium payment within 31 days after the date the enrollee's coverage is cancelled.
3) The HMO may require copayments and deductibles under a conversion contract that differ from the group contract.
4) A conversion contract shall not be required to be made available if:
A) The cancellation of the enrollee's coverage occurred for any of the reasons listed in Section 5421.111(a);
B) The enrollee is covered by or is eligible for benefits under Title XVIII of the United States Social Security Act;
C) The enrollee is covered by similar hospital, medical or surgical benefits under State or federal law;
D) The enrollee is covered by similar hospital, medical or surgical benefits under any arrangement of coverage for individuals in a group whether on an insured or uninsured basis;
E) The enrollee is covered for similar benefits through individual coverage;
F) The enrollee has not been continuously covered during the three-month period immediately preceding cancellation of that person's coverage;
G) The enrollee has moved outside of the service area of the health maintenance organization;
H) The cancellation of the enrollee's coverage occurred in relation to the HMO being placed in rehabilitation or liquidation proceedings pursuant to Section 5-6 of the Act; or
I) The group contract has been discontinued in its entirety and there is a succeeding carrier providing coverage to the group in its entirety.
5) Benefits or coverage shall be considered "similar" if coverage is provided for at least 12 months under comprehensive type medical coverage.
6) The conversion contract shall provide as a minimum to its enrollees basic health care services.
7) The conversion contract shall begin coverage of the enrollee and any dependents formerly covered under the group contract on the date of termination from the group or the former individual contract.
8) Coverage shall be provided without requiring evidence of insurability and shall not impose any pre-existing condition limitations or exclusions.
9) Prior to the issuance of a conversion contract, the enrollee must be notified in writing that the election of any conversion contract will terminate the individual's federal eligibility for coverage under the Illinois Comprehensive Health Insurance Plan.
v) Discrimination between individuals of the same class in the terms and conditions of the health care plan, or in the amount charged for coverage under a health care plan except when the rate differential is based on sound actuarial principles, or in any other manner whatsoever is prohibited.
w) Grievance Procedure
The group contract, evidence of coverage, and individual contract shall set forth a full description of the HMO grievance procedure required by Section 5421.40.
x) The provisions of 50 Ill. Adm. Code 2001, Subparts A and C, shall apply to this Part.(Recodified to 5421.110 at 41 Ill. Reg. 4985.)
The following state regulations pages link to this page.Victoria’s Secret Show 2014: Behind-The-ScenesRead more
One of the biggest fashion spectacles of the year, the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show, is coming to London…November 14, 2014012
Doutzen Kroes Welcomes New Baby GirlRead more
I guess you have to be a super model to look this good on the same day that you’ve…
Doutzen Kroes in the Rivella commercialRead more
Wearing a beautiful dress from the Dutch designer Jan Taminiau, Doutzen Kroes stars in the new commercial for Rivella…
Posts tagged with ‘Doutzen Kroes’
Style Barista > Doutzen KroesThe LookAhead - November 16, 2021 - Hour 1 November 16, 2021 On Hour 1 of The LookAhead, Scott Seidenberg recaps Monday Night Football, previews NFL Week 11, Week 12 in college football, and the NBA! Guest:Â VSiNâ€™s Mike Pritchard Learn more about your ad-choices at Back to Audio HighlightsWith a wealth of industry experience in temperature control systems
When you need cost effective and reliable heating and cooling systems, you need to be dealing with a business that you can trust. If you are searching for a business that has impeccable industry credentials and a solid track record in both quality and service, your search is at an end, because we are that business.
Established in 1977, Christie and Wills has a long and successful history in the expert provision of a diverse range of heating, ventilation, and air conditioning services to our clients all across the Hobart area. In 1992, The Heat Pump Shop came into being through our diversification into electrical contracting and the installing of commercial and domestic heat pumps.
We are the industry leaders when it comes to the provision of heating & cooling systems that deliver on your expectations. In fact, we aim to exceed your expectations in terms of the comfort and convenience that our systems provide. Our helpful and friendly team of engineers and technicians are only a phone call away with the advice that you need to make the most informed decision concerning all of our products and services.Head of UK Sales, Steve Travi, reviews the mailing challenges the Third Sector faces
If we listed all the challenges charities and fundraisers face in their efforts to make the world a better place, we’d be writing a book not a blog so we’ll stick to what we do best, helping charities deliver compliant, effective, affordable communications.
1.Financial fears
We’re living in uncertain times and understandably individuals and businesses are concerned about their finances. Fears of interest rates and food prices rising post Brexit, long term effects of austerity, whatever the reasons, we understand that charities are having to work a lot harder to get financial support. We can’t wave a magic wand for this one, but we can help you get the most from your communications budget through a range of media from direct mail to SMS. A favourite in the charity sector, our Digi-Mail platform allows you to upload your letters to an online portal, click send and leave the printing, enveloping and sending to us; saving you significant administration hours as well as money.
We’ll help you save money on your mail and support you with the best methods to keep your supporters informed and engaged.
Note: As highlighted in the most recent CAF UK Giving Report, the number of people giving to charity has decreased, but values have gone up. The older demographic (42%) are most likely to have responded to direct mail against 11% of 16-24 year olds.
2.Public trust
Fake news, the rare but headline hitting stories on unethical practice and other negative reporting has unfortunately led to unprecedented reputational challenges for the third sector.
Transparency and effective communication are the best ways to combat this issue and being able to demonstrate that your charity is proactive in saving money when it comes to things like administration is a good place to start! At Citipost Mail we understand the needs and unique challenges of the charity sector and we work closely with you to make sure you have access to all the incentives and discounts that you are entitled to.
Note: the CAF UK Giving Reports highlights that charities should be working harder to increase trust and communications amongst men.
3.Direct Mail v email
Did you know that 51% of people prefer to receive sensitive or confidential information by post, as opposed to 35% by email?
If that’s not convincing enough for you, then consider that 75% of business mail stays in the home for over four weeks and is revisited an average of five times. Just think of how many emails end up in your junk mail, never being seen, how many you delete without even opening and how much easier on the conscience it is to press delete than it is to put a letter you’ve read in the bin.
If you’re not sure of the best ways to make the most of direct mail for your campaigns, speak to us and we’ll be happy to advise you on how to get the best return on investment.
4.Freeing up time
Whether it’s paid staff or volunteers, we know you have better things to be doing than printing letters, stuffing envelopes, standing at the franking machine and trudging to the post box. Which is why we developed Digi-Mail, our desktop-to-door delivery service that allows you to upload your letter on your computer, click send and leave the rest to us. Say goodbye to the time and money expenditure associated with your franking machine and direct your capital and resources to where it makes the most impact.
Read the case study to see how Digi-Mail transformed communications for Cancer Support UK
5.Getting the message out there quickly
When a crisis occurs and you need to reach out to your supporters for urgent funds you can’t always wait for a letter to reach them, and we know that emails don’t always reach the inbox or get opened so why not use our SMS solution. With a staggering 98% open rate, 90% of messages read within ten minutes and a proven customer click through rate of 45%, SMS gets results from as little as 3.25p a message.
SMS isn’t just for emergency fundraising though, it’s a cost-efficient platform to automate communications and convey your appreciation for donations too. Giving it that personal touch and going the extra mile to say thank you.
6.Don’t be reliant on one revenue channel
It’s easy to become reliant on one revenue channel e.g. cash donations, but it’s crucial that you maintain momentum and are proactive in seeking successful avenues to engage your supporters. Even if your fundraising challenge doesn’t go viral, by capturing the imaginations and hearts of your audience you can gain their lifelong loyalty and make you their charity of choice. To do that you need to communicate. Keep supporters updated using transparent and creative marketing. You want them to look forward to receiving your letters, not go straight for the recycling bin. Your Citipost Mail customer experience manager can work with you to help you with best practice advice to make sure your campaigns hit their target.
7.Fear of change
“But we’ve always done it this way”. How many times do you hear that in a week? Just because something has worked for years, it can always be improved, or even replaced with better technology. Achieving better results, including ROI, sometimes means making big decisions. That may be something as radical as reviewing and ultimately changing how you communicate with your stakeholders, or it may be simple case of trialling new software, such as Digi-Mail, to see if it is more efficient (we know it will be, but we want you to see that for yourselves).
As we often say in the Citipost Mail office, “Change is not to be feared, it is to be embraced, because it can always be changed again”.
8.Partnerships
Partnerships in the charity sector are traditionally corporate partnerships, with guaranteed income and often long-term commitment. But what about your supplier partnerships? How often do you review your suppliers to ensure you are getting the best service delivery and value for money? The days of using the same company for your printing services or office supplies, just because you have used them for years are long gone (unless of course they continue to offer the best rates and customer service). Find the time to review your partnerships and make sure you are still compatible!
9.Transparency
We’ve touched on transparency already, but when 17% of people don’t donate due to a lack of knowledge about a charity’s activity and 41% are motivated to donate by belief in a cause, it’s clear that you need to be sharing your news and your vision. Show people where their money is being spent and how it has helped, and they are much more likely to become stakeholders in your cause. If you need any advice on how to get access to the best rates for U.K. and International mail rates, get in touch.
10.Compliance
GDPR has been the cause of many sleepless nights across myriad industry sectors and the Third Sector hasn’t been excluded. Whilst we wait for the outcome of the Information Commissioner’s Office’s consultation on an updated Direct Marketing Code of Practice (announced at the beginning of 2020) there is plenty of guidance available to maintain compliance. The Institute of Fundraising is a great place to start, as is our client services team. Get in touch if you want to learn more about Partially Addressed Mail (standard addressed advertising mail which doesn’t use personal data) or have any other questions about direct mail and GDPR compliance.
The services and solutions we provide here at Citipost Mail, combined with our expertise in the charity sector and our 99% customer retention rate, make us the preferred choice for streamlining mail operations for a number of charities. You can read some of their case studies here or give us a call on 0203 2600240 and we will talk about what we can do for you.- Research article
- Open Access
- Published:
Characterization of the neurohypophysial hormone gene loci in elephant shark and the Japanese lamprey: origin of the vertebrate neurohypophysial hormone genes
BMC Evolutionary Biology volume 9, Article number: 47 (2009)
6786 Accesses
61 Citations
1 Altmetric
-
Abstract
Backgroundologs in chicken, Xenopus and coelacanth (vasotocin and mesotocin) are linked tail-to-head. In contrast, their pufferfish homologs, vasotocin and isotocin, are located on the same strand of DNA with isotocin located upstream of vasotocin and separated by five genes. These differences in the arrangement of the two genes in different bony vertebrate lineages raise questions about their origin and ancestral arrangement. To trace the origin of these genes, we have sequenced BAC clones from the neurohypophysial gene loci in a cartilaginous fish, the elephant shark (Callorhinchus milii), and in a jawless vertebrate, the Japanese lamprey (Lethenteron japonicum). We have also analyzed the neurohypophysial hormone gene locus in an invertebrate chordate, the amphioxus (Branchiostoma floridae).
Results
The elephant shark neurohypophysial hormone genes encode vasotocin and oxytocin, and are linked tail-to-head like their homologs in coelacanth and non-eutherian tetrapods. Besides the hypothalamus, the two genes are also expressed in the ovary. In addition, the vasotocin gene is expressed in the kidney, rectal gland and intestine. These expression profiles indicate a paracrine role for the two hormones. The lamprey locus contains a single neurohypophysial hormone gene, the vasotocin. The synteny of genes in the lamprey locus is conserved in elephant shark, coelacanth and tetrapods but disrupted in teleost fishes. The amphioxus locus encodes a single neurohypophysial hormone, designated as [Ile4]vasotocin.
Conclusion
The vasopressin- and oxytocin-family of neurohypophysial hormones evolved in a common ancestor of jawed vertebrates through tandem duplication of the ancestral vasotocin gene. The duplicated genes were linked tail-to-head like their homologs in elephant shark, coelacanth and non-eutherian tetrapods. In contrast to the conserved linkage of the neurohypophysial genes in these vertebrates, the neurohypophysial hormone gene locus has experienced extensive rearrangements in the teleost lineage.
Background
Neurohypophysial hormones are an ancient family of structurally and functionally related nonapeptides, with representatives found in deuterostomes as well as in protostomes. Vasopressin and oxytocin are mammalian neurohypophysial hormones with distinct activities: vasopressin has renal urine reabsorption (antidiuretic) and blood-pressure raising (vasopressor) activities while oxytocin has uterus-contracting (uterotonic) and milk-ejecting (galactagogic) activities. Vasopressin is a basic peptide while oxytocin is a neutral peptide, a characteristic determined mainly by the amino acid at the 8th position. All jawed vertebrates contain at least one vasopressin-family, basic peptide and one oxytocin-family, neutral peptide whereas only a vasopressin-family peptide has so far been identified in jawless vertebrates such as lamprey and hagfishes [1, 2]. Vasotocin is the vasopressin-family peptide in all non-mammalian vertebrates. Oxytocin-family peptides, however, exhibit a wide diversity. The oxytocin homolog in non-eutherian tetrapods and lobe-finned fishes (lungfish and coelacanth) is mesotocin and in ray-finned fishes is isotocin. The cartilaginous fishes (sharks, rays, skates and chimaeras) contain at least eight types of oxytocin-family peptides. They are asvatocin and phasvatocin in the spotted dogfish (Scyliorhinus canicula); asvatocin and phasitocin in the Japanese banded dogfish (Triakis scyllium); valitocin and aspargtocin in the spiny dogfish (Squalus acanthias); glumitocin in skates (Raja); isotocin in the electric ray (Torpedo mormorata); and oxytocin in a holocephalian chimaera, the ratfish (Hydrolagus colliei) (see Table 1). It should be noted that these neuropeptides are named according to certain unique residues and their biochemical properties and not according to any phylogenetic grouping. For example, oxytocin molecule is present in placental mammals and in a cartilaginous fish, the ratfish. The presence of oxytocin in these distantly related vertebrates is the result of independent nucleotide substitutions in the two lineages.
The neurohypophysial hormones are synthesized as part of a larger precursor molecule comprising a signal peptide, the nonapeptide hormone, and a neurophysin. The precursors of the vasopressin-family hormones and the isotocin hormone in teleost fishes contain an additional peptide, the copeptin, at the carboxyl terminal. In placental mammals, the genes encoding vasopressin and oxytocin are closely linked in a tail-to-tail orientation. Nevertheless, the two genes are expressed in distinct magnocellular neurons of the supraoptic nuclei and paraventricular nuclei of the hypothalamus. In addition, vasopressin is expressed in the parvocellular neurons of the paraventricular nuclei and suprachiasmatic nuclei [3]. The cis-regulatory elements that mediate the hypothalamus-specific expression of the two genes have been shown to be located in their intergenic region [4–7]. In contrast to the tail-to-tail arrangement of vasopressin and oxytocin genes in placental mammals, their homologs in opossum, chicken, Xenopus and coelacanth are located on the same strand of DNA and are closely linked in a tail-to-head orientation (Fig 1). Interestingly, although their homologs in pufferfishes (vasotocin and isotocin) reside on the same strand of DNA, they are arranged in a different order: isotocin gene is located upstream of vasotocin gene and separated by five unrelated genes (Fig 1) [8]. These marked differences in the organization of the vasopressin- and oxytocin-family genes in different bony vertebrate lineages raise questions about their origin and the organization of the ancestral vasopressin-family and oxytocin-family genes.
Organization of neurohypophysial hormone-genes in jawed vertebrates. Genes are shown as arrows. Only the neurohypophysial hormone-genes are labeled. The elephant shark genes were sequenced in this study. The arrangements of genes in other vertebrates are mainly from [8]. The neurohypophysial hormone-genes in chicken and Xenopus are arranged like their homologs in coelacanth.
The cartilaginous fishes are the oldest group of living jawed vertebrates that diverged from bony vertebrates about 450 million years ago [9]. The ancestor of jawed vertebrates split from jawless vertebrates about 477 million years ago [10]. The neurohypophysial hormone gene locus has not been sequenced from either cartilaginous fishes or jawless fishes. Characterization of the neurohypophysial hormone gene loci in these vertebrates should shed light on the origin and organization of the ancestral vasopressin- and oxytocin-family genes. In this study, we have sequenced and characterized the neurohypophysial hormone gene loci in a cartilaginous fish, the elephant shark (Callorhinchus milii) and in a jawless vertebrate, the Japanese lamprey (Lethenteron japonicum). We have also identified and analyzed the neurohypophysial hormone gene in the recently completed genome sequence of the amphioxus (Branchiostoma floridae), an invertebrate chordate which represents the most basal group of living chordates (the cephalochordates).
The cartilaginous fishes are divided into two groups: elasmobranchs (sharks, rays and skates) and holocephalians (chimaeras). The elephant shark is a holocephalian chimaera that inhabits the continental shelves off southern Australia and New Zealand at depths of 200 to 500 meters. We chose elephant shark as a representative cartilaginous fish because it has the smallest genome (910 Mb) among cartilaginous fishes [11, 12]. Like lungfishes and coelacanths, cartilaginous fishes conduct urea-based osmoregulation. Cartilaginous fishes, particularly the marine species, maintain their plasma iso-osmotic or slightly hyper-osmotic to the seawater mainly through the retention of urea. In addition to the gut, kidney and gills, which are the major osmoregulatory organs in fishes, marine cartilaginous fishes contain a fourth osmoregulatory organ, the rectal gland that is devoted exclusively to sodium chloride excretion. Interestingly, elephant shark does not contain a discrete rectal gland like the marine elasmobranchs. Instead, its rectal gland comprises about 10 tubular structures located in the wall of post-valvular intestine [13]. However, elephant shark maintains its plasma levels of Na (~300 mmol l-1) and urea (~450 mmol l-1) similar to those in marine elasmobranchs [13].
Results and discussion
Neurohypophysial hormone gene locus in the elephant shark
We probed an elephant shark BAC library with a fragment of the elephant shark vasotocin gene and identified six overlapping BAC clones. Two of the BAC clones, #191N1 and #208M19, were sequenced completely to obtain 167 kb contiguous sequence (GenBank accession number FJ185172). It contains sequences for vasotocin and oxytocin genes in addition to three other complete genes (Prosapip1, Ubox5 and Gnrh2) and one partial gene (Ptpra) (Fig 2A). Oxytocin is typically only found in placental mammals and is involved in lactation, uterine smooth muscle contraction and maternal behavior. However, oxytocin had been previously purified from the hypothalamus of a holocephalian cartilaginous fish, the ratfish, the only non-mammalian vertebrate to contain oxytocin [14]. The presence of oxytocin gene in elephant shark indicates that oxytocin is most likely common to all holocephalian cartilaginous fishes. The elephant shark vasotocin and oxytocin genes are arranged tail-to-head like their homologs in coelacanth, Xenopus, chicken and opossum. They each comprise three exons and two introns like their homologs in other vertebrates. The introns of elephant shark vasotocin and oxytocin genes (1.16 kb to 3.24 kb) are longer than their homologs in human (84 bp to 1.37 kb) but comparable to that in coelacanth (1.55 kb to 5.57 kb). The intergenic distance between the elephant shark genes is, however, shorter (8.3 kb) than that between the genes in human (12 kb) and coelacanth (15.4 kb). Overall, repetitive sequences account for 41.6% of the elephant shark locus with LINEs and SINEs contributing 16.9% and 20.1% respectively (Fig 2A).
The neurohypophysial gene locus in the elephant shark (A) and Japanese lamprey (B). The BACs used for generating the sequences are shown below. Arrows represent genes and indicate the direction of transcription. Coloured vertical lines represent repetitive sequences. VT, vasotocin gene; OT, oxytocin gene; ProSAPiP1, proline rich synapse associated protein interacting protein 1; UBOX5, U-box domain containing 5; GNRH2, gonadotropin-releasing hormone 2; PTPRA, protein tyrosine phosphatase, receptor type, A.
Elephant shark vasotocin and oxytocin precursors
The elephant shark vasotocin gene codes for a 163-amino acid protein comprising a signal peptide, the vasotocin nonapeptide, a neurophysin and a copeptin similar to vasotocin precursors in other vertebrates (Fig 3). An atypical tripeptide sequence, Gly-Arg-Arg, links the hormone to the neurophysin and presumably acts as a signal for proteolytic processing and carboxyl-terminal amidation of vasotocin. All the cysteine residues that are considered important for the conformation of neurophysin are conserved in the elephant shark vasotocin neurophysin (Fig 4). The copeptin moiety at the carboxyl terminal includes an N-linked glycosylation site that is conserved in all vertebrates except teleost fishes and lamprey (Fig. 4). It also includes a leucine-rich core segment similar to the copeptin of vasopressin-family precursors in all vertebrates (Fig 4)..
The elephant shark oxytocin gene codes for a shorter 126-amino acid protein which includes a signal peptide, the oxytocin nonapeptide and a neurophysin (Fig 3). Oxytocin is attached to the neurophysin via a typical tripeptide sequence Gly-Lys-Arg that is known to act as a signal for proteolytic processing and carboxyl-terminal amidation of the nonapeptide. Like the oxytocin-family precursors in tetrapods and coelacanth, the elephant shark oxytocin does not contain a copeptin (Figs 3 and 5). Thus, these precursors are different from the oxytocin-family precursor in teleost fishes which contains a copeptin moiety. However, the teleost fish oxytocin-family precursor does not contain an arginine residue between the neurophysin and the copeptin (Fig 4 and 5), and therefore, the copeptin may not be cleaved into a separate moiety.
Comparison of amino acid sequences of oxytocin family hormone precursors in vertebrates. The alignment was generated by ClustalX. Amino acid residues conserved in all vertebrates are marked with an asterisk. X. tropicalis, Xenopus tropicalis; and T. scyllium, Triakis scyllium. OT, oxytocin; MT, mesotocin; IT, isotocin; ASV, asvatocin and PAI, phasitocin. Accession numbers of sequences used in the alignment: NP_000906.1 (human OT), BAA24027.1 (lungfish [Phe2]MT), O42493 (fugu IT), BAD27478.1 (T. scyllium phasitocin) and BAD27477.1 (T. scyllium asvatocin). Sequences for Xenopus tropicalis and coelacanth were generated in a previous study [8] while the sequence for elephant shark (eshark) was generated in this study.
No evidence for gene conversion between elephant shark vasotocin and oxytocin genes
The second exons of human and bovine vasotocin and oxytocin genes that encode the central region of the neurophysin exhibit an unusually high level of sequence identity (Table 2). In the case of bovine genes, in addition to 197 bp of the exonic sequence, 135 bp of the preceding intron is also totally conserved. This observation had led to the hypothesis that the two genes have experienced a recent gene conversion event [15]. We have previously reported that the second exons of the coelacanth vasotocin and mesotocin genes also show a high degree of sequence identity at the amino acid (97%) and nucleotide (98%) levels [8]. However, we have shown that these exons do not have a high GC3 content which is a signature of a gene conversion event, and therefore proposed that the high sequence conservation is the result of purifying selection acting on the nucleotide sequences rather than due to a gene conversion event [8].
The second exons of the elephant shark vasotocin and oxytocin genes also exhibit a high level of sequence identity at the amino acid (95.1%) and nucleotide (97.1%) levels. Moreover, the high level of sequence identity extends into 14 bp of the 5' intron and 6 bp of the 3' intron (Fig 3). To determine whether these exons have experienced a gene conversion, we estimated the GC3 content of all the three exons of the two genes. The GC3 content of the second exons of the two genes is in fact lower (69 and 72%) than that of their homologs in mammals (94 to 95.5%), and is comparable to that of their respective first exons (60 and 70%) and third exons (57 and 68%) (Table 2). Furthermore, the GC3 content of the second exons is comparable to that of the three exons of the single vasotocin gene in the Japanese lamprey (73.5% to 76.2%; Table 2). Together, these data suggest that there is no evidence for gene conversion between the second exons of the elephant shark vasotocin and oxytocin genes and that the GC3 content of the second exons of these genes merely reflects the GC3 content of the ancestral vasotocin gene in the lamprey. It is therefore likely that the high identity of the second exons of the elephant shark vasotocin and oxytocin genes is also due to purifying selection acting at the nucleotide level similar to that on the second exons of the coelacanth vasotocin and mesotocin genes. This implies that the second exons encode a functional element besides coding for amino acids. This conserved element may be involved in transcript stability, microRNA binding [16], enhancing splicing [17] or regulation of transcription that requires the sequence to be highly conserved at the nucleotide level.
Expression patterns of elephant shark vasotocin and oxytocingenes
We determined the expression patterns of the elephant shark vasotocin and oxytocin genes by a semi-quantitative reverse transcription PCR. Single strand cDNA was prepared from about one microgram of total RNA each from hypothalamus, brain (excluding hypothalamus), gills, heart, kidney, liver, muscle, ovary, pancreas, rectal gland, spleen, intestine, testis and uterus; and PCR was carried out using the same volume of cDNA preparation from different tissues. The results therefore indicate the relative levels of expression of each gene between various tissues. Interestingly, besides the hypothalamus, both vasotocin and oxytocin genes were found to express in some peripheral tissues indicating that they play a paracrine role in these tissues. Vasotocin was found to express at relatively high levels in the ovary and at low levels in the kidney, rectal gland and intestine and oxytocin was found to express at moderate levels in the ovary (Fig 6). To the best of our knowledge, no such peripheral expression of neurohypophysial hormone genes has been reported in teleost fishes or in non-mammalian tetrapods. However, it is well known that these genes express in peripheral tissues in some mammals. For example, oxytocin gene is expressed in the uterine epithelium, placenta, amnion and intrauterine tissues in rats; in the amnion, chorion, decidua intrauterine tissues and cumulus cells surrounding the oocytes in humans; and in the corpus luteum and testis in cows [18]. The vasopressin gene is expressed in the aorta [19, 20], pancreas [19] and testis in rats [21]. Consequently, it has been proposed that these hormones play a paracrine role in mammals. The osmoregulatory system in marine cartilaginous fishes involves the kidney, gills, rectal gland and gastrointestinal tract. The kidney excretes water, salt and nitrogenous wastes such as urea and trimethylamine oxide; the gills eliminate nitrogen in the form of ammonia; and the gut epithelium reabsorbs water, salt and nutrients. The rectal gland is a highly specialized salt-secreting organ unique to marine cartilaginous fishes [22]. The expression of vasotocin gene in the elephant shark kidney, rectal gland and intestine suggests that vasotocin plays a paracrine role in the osmoregulatory functions of these tissues. In mammals, oxytocin is known to induce smooth muscle contraction in the ovary and uterus and thereby play a role in ovulation and parturition [23]. In addition, oxytocin synthesized in the human cumulus cells has been suggested to play a role in fertilization and early embryonic development [18]. In elephant shark, fertilization and partial embryonic development occurs internally ('ovoviviparous'). Mating normally occurs before the spawning season and females store sperm is a special pouch until the eggs mature. Eggs mature in batches and the stored sperm is used for fertilization as and when the eggs mature. During spring, females migrate into shallow bays and inlets and lay eggs in shallow soft sediment habitats. Each female lays two fertilized eggs at a time every 7 to 8 days over a period of two to three months [24]. The elephant sharks for this study were collected in shallow waters during the peak spawning season. The expression of both oxytocin and vasotocin genes in the elephant shark ovary during this period suggests a role for these hormones in ovulation (i.e., release of mature oocytes from the follicles) and/or in 'parturition' (release of fertilized eggs) in this ovoviviparous vertebrate. In vivo and in vitro studies on the effects of vasotocin and oxytocin should provide evidence to support this hypothesis.
Neurohypophysial hormone gene locus in the Japanese lamprey
The living jawless vertebrates are represented by the lampreys and hagfishes. So far only a vasotocin gene has been cloned in these vertebrates [1, 25]. However, it is not known if they also contain an oxytocin-family gene. To determine this we sequenced the neurohypophysial hormone gene locus in the Japanese lamprey. We screened a Japanese lamprey BAC library using a probe for the vasotocin gene and identified one positive BAC clone (#191L19). This BAC was sequenced completely. It contains a 90-kb insert (GenBank accession number FJ195978) that encodes three complete genes: vasotocin, Gnrh2 and Ptpra. This locus contains only 4.7% repetitive sequences, with LINEs and SINEs contributing to 0.5% and 0.4%, respectively (Fig 2B). Thus the amount of repetitive sequences in the lamprey locus is considerably lower than that in the homologous loci in the elephant shark (42% repeats) and coelacanth (17% repeats) [8]. The lamprey vasotocin gene comprises three exons and two introns like the vasopressin- and oxytocin-family genes in jawed vertebrates. The relative order and orientation of the three genes in the lamprey locus are identical to that of their homologs in elephant shark, coelacanth, Xenopus, chicken, and opossum. However, the lamprey locus lacks an oxytocin-family gene in the intergenic region between the vasopressin-family gene and the Gnrh2 gene that is present in these vertebrates (Fig 1B). Although there is a possibility that a oxytocin-family may be present elsewhere in the lamprey genome, previous screenings of cDNA libraries from the Japanese lamprey and hagfish [1, 25] were successful in identifying only a vasotocin gene in these vertebrates. We therefore conclude that jawless vertebrates do not contain an oxytocin-family gene present in jawed vertebrates.
Neurohypophysial hormone gene locus in amphioxus
The living chordates are classified into three major lineages, the cephalochordates (e.g., amphioxus), urochordates (tunicates) and vertebrates. The cephalochordates are the most basal group of chordates and the urochordates are the sister group of vertebrates [26]. Recently a gene encoding a vasopressin-related peptide has been cloned in the urochordate, Ciona intestinalis. This gene comprises three exons and two introns like the vasopressin- and oxytocin-family genes in vertebrates. However, unlike the nonapeptides encoded by the vertebrate genes, the Ciona gene codes for a 13-amino acid peptide hormone (designated as Ci-vasopressin; Table 3[27–38]) that lacks a carboxyl-terminal amidation signal (Gly-Lys-Arg) [39]. Interestingly, in another urochordate, Styela plicata, a gene encoding an oxytocin-like peptide has been cloned. This gene also comprises three exons and two introns but codes for a 14-amino acid peptide hormone (Table 3). It however contains a typical carboxyl-terminal amidation signal. This prohormone is designated as Styela oxytocin-related peptide (SOP) [40]. To date no neurohypophysial hormone gene has been cloned in cephalochordates. Recently, a whole-genome sequence of a cephalochordate, the amphioxus has been completed [26]. We searched for neurohypophysial hormone genes in the amphioxus genome assembly by TBLASTN algorithm using the elephant shark and lamprey neurohypophysial hormone precursor protein sequences as queries. Only one gene with a high similarity to vasopressin-family peptide was identified. We annotated the coding exons based on homology to the elephant shark and lamprey neurohypophysial hormone genes, and refined the exon-intron boundaries by manual inspection. The amphioxus gene comprises three exons and two introns, with the positions and phases of introns being identical to that of the vasopressin- and oxytocin-family genes in vertebrates. The 167-amino acid prohormone encoded by this gene consists of a signal peptide, a nonapeptide hormone, neurophysin and copeptin similar to the vasotocin and vasopressin prohormones in vertebrates (Fig 4). The nonapeptide is linked to the neurophysin molecule by a typical tripeptide sequence (Gly-Lys-Arg) that is known to act as a signal for proteolytic processing and C-terminal amidation of the hormone. The nonapeptide hormone, however, contains Ile at the 4th position unlike the vertebrate vasotocin and vasopressin peptides which contain a Gln at this position (Fig 4). We therefore designate the amphioxus peptide as [Ile4]vasotocin. The amphioxus copeptin does not contain an N-glycosylation site similar to the copeptin in teleost fishes and lamprey. It also lacks a Leucine-rich core segment that is present in the copeptin of all vertebrates (Fig 4). The presence of a typical nonapeptide neurohypophysial hormone in amphioxus indicates that urochordates (Ciona and Styela) are the only exception among metazoans that do not contain a typical nonapeptide hormone (see Table 3). The amphioxus [Ile4]vasotocin gene is flanked by RNR and ST8sia2 genes, which are unrelated to the genes flanking the neurohypophysial hormone genes in vertebrates (Fig. 7). The Ciona neuropeptide gene, Ci-vasopressin, is flanked by genes (RPS6KA3 and CELSR3) that are unrelated to the genes flanking the neurohypophysial hormone genes in vertebrates as well as in amphioxus (Fig. 7). Thus, the synteny of genes in amphioxus is not conserved in Ciona, and the synteny of genes in vertebrates is conserved neither in amphioxus nor in Ciona.
Schematic diagram of neurohypophysial hormone gene loci in chordates. Arrows represent genes and indicate the orientation of transcription. ProSAPiP1, ProSAP-interacting protein 1 gene; UBOX5, U-box domain containing 5; [Lys8]VP, lysipressin gene; VT, vasotocin gene; MT, mesotocin gene; OT, oxytocin gene; IT, isotocin gene, GNRH2, gonadotropin-releasing hormone 2; PTPRA, protein tyrosine phosphatase receptor type A gene; CL1, chemokine CL1 gene; UGNT, UDP glucuronic acid/N-acetylglucosamine dual transporter gene; RNR, ribonucleotide reductase M2 polypeptide; St8sia2, alpha-2,8-sialyltransferase; RPS6KA3, ribosomal protein S6 kinase 90kDa polypeptide3; Ci-VP, Ciona-vasopressin; and CELSR3, cadherin EGF LAG seven-pass G-type receptor3.
Origin and evolutionary history of vertebrate neurohypophysial hormone genes
Neurohypophysial hormones are an ancient family of hormones with representatives found in diverse taxa among invertebrates and vertebrates. However, invertebrates contain either a vasopressin-family peptide or an oxytocin-family peptide (Table 3) but seldom both peptides. Although some invertebrates like octopus contain two peptides, cephalotoxin and octopressin, both are oxytocin-like peptides [41, 42]. In contrast to invertebrates, all jawed vertebrates contain at least one member each of vasopressin- and oxytocin-family peptides. In jawless vertebrates, which occupy an intermediary position between invertebrates and jawed vertebrates, only a vasotocin gene has been cloned so far. In this study, we sequenced the neurohypophysial gene loci in a cartilaginous fish, the elephant shark, and a jawless vertebrate, the Japanese lamprey. We also characterized this locus in the genome of amphioxus, a cephalochordate. Our study shows that while both amphioxus and lamprey contain a single neurohypophysial hormone gene that encodes a basic vasopressin-family peptide, elephant shark contains both a vasopressin-family gene and a oxytocin-family gene that are closely linked tail-to-head (Fig 7). These data suggest that the two families of peptides arose in a common ancestor of jawed vertebrates through a tandem duplication of the ancestral vasotocin gene. The coding sequence of the duplicate gene has subsequently diverged to code for a neutral peptide thereby giving rise to the oxytocin-family of neurohypophysial hormone. The different patterns of expression of vasotocin and oxytocin genes in elephant shark also imply that, in addition to mutations in the protein coding sequence, the regulatory region of the duplicated gene(s) has also undergone changes to confer a different pattern of expression to the two daughter genes. Investigation of the expression pattern of vasotocin gene in lamprey should shed light on the ancestral expression pattern, and how it has diverged in the daughter genes. Unfortunately, due to the unavailability of RNA from various tissues of the Japanese lamprey, we could not determine the expression pattern of the vasotocin gene in the lamprey.
The tail-to-head orientation of the elephant shark vasotocin and oxytocin genes indicates that this was the ancestral state of the two genes soon after the duplication of the vasotocin gene. The close linkage and organization of these genes have been conserved in coelacanth, Xenopus, chicken and opossum genomes while the oxytocin gene has undergone a local inversion in human and rodent genomes (Fig 7). In contrast to these vertebrates, the neurohypophysial hormone gene locus in pufferfishes has undergone extensive rearrangements. The isotocin gene in fugu has been translocated to a position upstream of vasotocin gene and the two genes are separated by five unrelated genes. In addition, the two genes located downstream of the vasotocin gene in fugu (CL1 and UGNT) are unrelated to the genes present at a similar position (Gnrh2 and Ptpra) in other vertebrates (Fig. 7). A search for the neurohypophysial hormone genes in the genome assemblies of other teleost fishes such as the stickleback, medaka and zebrafish on the UCSC Genome Browser [30] revealed that while the arrangements of isotocin and vasotocin genes in stickleback (ChrXIII) and medaka (Chr9) are similar to that in fugu, the two genes are located on separate chromosomes (Chr5 and Chr8 respectively) in zebrafish. These data indicate that the neurohypophysial hormone gene locus has undergone extensive rearrangements in teleost fishes, in contrast to its well conserved synteny in other vertebrates including the jawless lamprey. These findings are consistent with previous observations that teleost fish genomes have experienced a higher rate of chromosomal rearrangements compared to other vertebrates (reviewed in [43]). The rearrangements in teleost fishes might be related to the "fish-specific" whole genome duplication that occurred in the teleost ancestor [44, 45]. The duplicated gene loci generated by this whole genome duplication might have facilitated rearrangements between paralogous chromosomal segments through homologous recombination.
We would like to add that our efforts to build a phylogenetic tree of invertebrate and vertebrate neurohypophysial hormone genes resulted in an anomalous gene tree in which the vasopressin- and oxytocin-family genes in fugu, elephant shark, coelacanth and mammals clustered with each other suggesting that the two genes originated independently in each lineage (Additional file 1). This is highly unlikely and is an artifact of the phylogenetic analysis due to the highly conserved sequences of these two paralogous genes. For such paralogous genes, the conservation of synteny in different taxa is a much better indicator of their orthologous relationships.
Conclusion
We have characterized the neurohypophysial hormone gene locus in elephant shark (a cartilaginous fish), Japanese lamprey (a jawless vertebrate) and amphioxus (a cephalochordate) and showed that amphioxus and lamprey each contains a single gene belonging to the vasopressin-family while elephant shark contains a vasopressin-family and an oxytocin-family gene that are closely linked in a tail-to-head orientation. These results indicate that vasopressin- and oxytocin-family peptides evolved in a common ancestor of jawed vertebrates through tandem duplication of the ancestral vasotocin gene. The vasotocin and oxytocin genes in elephant shark exhibit distinct expression patterns. Thus, this is a classical example for the origin of a novel gene with a distinct function and expression pattern through duplication of an ancestral gene. The synteny and order of genes in the neurohypophysial hormone gene locus are conserved in lamprey, elephant shark, coelacanth and tetrapods, but disrupted in teleost fishes presumably due to the rearrangements facilitated by a whole genome duplication event in the teleost fish ancestor.
Methods
Isolation of elephant shark BAC clone
The 1.4× elephant shark genome sequence assembly was searched using TBLASTN algorithm and human vasopressin and oxytocin precursor protein sequences as queries. The search identified three scaffolds (AAVX01010109.1, AAVX01174980.1 and AAVX01018755.1) that contained sequences with high similarity to the human vasopressin and oxytocin genes. Searching these scaffold sequences against non-redundant protein sequence database at NCBI using BLASTX showed that they contained gene fragments for vasotocin and oxytocin hormone precursors. A pair of primers (VTF 5'-CTG TTC CAG TGT TTG CCG TGT-3' and VTR 5'-TAC CAT CAT CAC AGC AGA TTC C-3') complementary to the second exon of the putative vasotocin gene fragment in scaffold AAVX01174980.1 was used to amplify a 217-bp fragment by PCR from the elephant shark genomic DNA. The PCR cycling conditions consisted of an initial denaturation step at 95°C for 2 min, followed by 35 cycles of 95°C for 30 sec, 60°C for 1 min and 72°C for 30 sec, with a final elongation step at 72°C for 5 min. The PCR product was gel-purified using GeneClean (Qbiogene, Irvine, USA), labeled with [α-32P] dCTP using Random Primed DNA labeling kit (Roche Diagnostics, Mannheim, Germany) and used as a probe to screen an elephant shark BAC library (IMCB_Eshark BAC library cloned in pCCBAC-EcoRI). Six positive BAC clones (#65F8, #113K9, #157M2, #191N1, #208M19, #209O22) were identified. Two of these clones (#191N1 and #208M19) were selected for sequencing. Comparing the sequences of the three elephant shark scaffolds that we identified using human vasopressin precursor protein sequence to the sequence of these BACs showed that they all belong to this locus.
Isolation of lamprey BAC clone
Using the following primers (LPF 5'-ATC TGC TGC GGG GAG GCC ATG GG-3' and FPR 5'-CAG GCC GGG AGC TCC RCA YTT-3') complementary to the coding sequence of the lamprey vasotocin gene (BAA06669), a 140-bp fragment of the vasotocin gene was amplified from the Japanese lamprey genomic DNA. An 'overgo' probe was prepared for this sequence by using a pair of oligonucleotides with an 8-bp overlap at their 3' ends (LPF 5'-ATC TGC TGC GGG GAG GCC ATG GG-3' and LPR2 5'-CAC CCA GGC GAC AGC CCA TGG C-3'). The overlapping oligonucleotides were mixed in equal proportion (10 pmol/μl of each) and annealed by incubating at 80°C for 5 min, followed by incubation at 37°C for 10 min and then transferred to ice. The annealed oligonucleotides were extended and labeled with [α-32P]dATP and [α-32P]dCTP by primer extension with Klenow at room temperature for 30 min to produce a 36-bp dual-labeled overgo probe. The unincorporated nucleotides were removed by passage through a Sephadex-G50 column (Amersham, Piscataway, NJ, USA). The overgo probe was then used to screen a Japanese lamprey BAC library (IMCB_Japanese lamprey BAC library, cloned in pCCBAC-EcoRI; average insert size, ~100 kb; unpublished) and only one positive BAC clone (#161L19) was identified, presumably due to an uneven representation of the genome.
Sequencing and assembly of elephant shark and lamprey BAC clones
Two of the elephant shark BAC clones (#191N1 and #208M19) and the single lamprey BAC clone (#161L19), were sequenced completely using the shotgun sequencing strategy. Briefly, BAC DNA was fragmented by hydrodynamic shearing (Hydroshear, GeneMachines, San Carlos, CA) and then end-repaired by Klenow treatment. Fragments in the size range of 2–3 kb were gel purified and subcloned into the EcoRV site of pBluescript SK vector. High quality sequences were acquired by sequencing both ends of plasmid inserts using standard BigDye Terminator v3.1 chemistry on an ABI 3730xl DNA analyzer. Raw shotgun DNA sequence reads were quality-trimmed and assembled with Phred/Phrap/Consed software package. Gaps were filled by 'primer-walking' using BAC DNA as a template or by sequencing bridge clones or by sequencing PCR products.
Sequence analysis
Protein-coding sequences were predicted based on homology to known proteins in the non-redundant protein database at the National Centre for Biotechnology Information using BLASTX and TBLASTN algorithms [32]. Exon-intron boundaries were refined by manual inspection. The genomic sequences of the neurohypophysial hormone gene locus for human (March 2006 assembly), Xenopus tropicalis (assembly version 4.1), chicken (assembly version 2.1), gray short-tailed opossum (Jan 2006 assembly), fugu (assembly version 4.0), Tetraodon nigroviridis (February 2004 assembly) and amphioxus (JGI ver.1.0) were obtained from the UCSC Genome Browser while that of coelacanth was retrieved from GenBank (accession number EU284132). Multiple sequence alignments of protein sequences were carried out with ClustalX Version 1.83 [46]. Repetitive sequences were identified using the RepeatMasker (version open-3.1.6) [31] and GIRI Repbase [47].
RT-PCR
Total RNA was isolated from the elephant shark tissues using TRIzol reagent (Invitrogen, USA). About one microgram of total RNA from each tissue was reverse transcribed using SuperScript™ First-Strand Synthesis System for RT-PCR (Invitrogen) according to the manufacturer's instructions. The single strand cDNA was resuspended in 50 μl of water and one microliter was used for PCR. PCR primers were designed to amplify across exons 2 and 3 of the neurohypophysial hormone genes. Care was taken to avoid regions of high conservation. Elephant shark actin was amplified as an internal control for the quality of RNA and cDNA.
The following primers were used in PCR: vasotocin (sense, 5'-CAC CGG GAA TCT GCT GTG ATG-3'; antisense, 5'-GAT ACC GCC TGG TAC TTC TTTG-3'), oxytocin (sense, 5'-GCT CAG AGC GTG GCA AGT-3'; antisense, 5'-GGT CCA CGG CAC AGC TTT-3'), and actin (sense, 5'-GGG TAT TGT CAC CAA CTG GGAC-3'; antisense, 5'-TCT ACC CGT GTC ACA CCC AC-3'). PCR amplification cycles include an initial denaturation at 95°C for 2 min, followed by 35 cycles of 95°C for 30 sec, 55°C for 30 sec and 72°C for 1 min, followed by an extension step at 72°C for 5 min.
References
- 1.
Suzuki M, Kubokawa K, Nagasawa H, Urano A: Sequence analysis of vasotocin cDNAs of the lamprey, Lampetra japonica, and the hagfish, Eptatretus burgeri: evolution of cyclostome vasotocin precursors. J Mol Endocrinol. 1995, 14 (1): 67-77.
- 2.
Lane TF, Sower SA, Kawauchi H: Arginine vasotocin from the pituitary gland of the lamprey (Petromyzon marinus): isolation and amino acid sequence. Gen Comp Endocrinol. 1988, 70 (1): 152-157.
- 3.
Mohr E, Bahnsen U, Kiessling C, Richter D: Expression of the vasopressin and oxytocin genes in rats occurs in mutually exclusive sets of hypothalamic neurons. FEBS Lett. 1988, 242 (1): 144-148.
- 4.
Davies J, Waller S, Zeng Q, Wells S, Murphy D: Further delineation of the sequences required for the expression and physiological regulation of the vasopressin gene in transgenic rat hypothalamic magnocellular neurones. J Neuroendocrinol. 2003, 15 (1): 42-50.
- 5.
Murphy D, Wells S: In vivo gene transfer studies on the regulation and function of the vasopressin and oxytocin genes. J Neuroendocrinol. 2003, 15 (2): 109-125.
- 6.
Young WS, Gainer H: Transgenesis and the study of expression, cellular targeting and function of oxytocin, vasopressin and their receptors. Neuroendocrinology. 2003, 78 (4): 185-203.
- 7.
Fields RL, House SB, Gainer H: Regulatory domains in the intergenic region of the oxytocin and vasopressin genes that control their hypothalamus-specific expression in vitro. J Neurosci. 2003, 23 (21): 7801-7809.
- 8.-
- 9.
Sansom IJ, Smith MM, Smith MP: Scales of thelodont and shark-like fishes from the Ordovician of Colorado. Nature. 1996, 379: 628-630.
- 10.
Janvier P: Palaeontology: modern look for ancient lamprey. Nature. 2006, 443 (7114): 921-924.
- 11.-
- 12.
Venkatesh B, Tay A, Dandona N, Patil JG, Brenner S: A compact cartilaginous fish model genome. Curr Biol. 2005, 15 (3): R82-83.
- 13.
Hyodo S, Bell JD, Healy JM, Kaneko T, Hasegawa S, Takei Y, Donald JA, Toop T: Osmoregulation in elephant fish Callorhinchus milii (Holocephali), with special reference to the rectal gland. J Exp Biol. 2007, 210 (Pt 8): 1303-1310.
- 14.
Michel G, Chauvet J, Chauvet MT, Clarke C, Bern H, Acher R: Chemical identification of the mammalian oxytocin in a holocephalian fish, the ratfish (Hydrolagus colliei). Gen Comp Endocrinol. 1993, 92 (2): 260-268.
- 15.
Ruppert S, Scherer G, Schutz G: Recent gene conversion involving bovine vasopressin and oxytocin precursor genes suggested by nucleotide sequence. Nature. 1984, 308 (5959): 554-557.
- 16..
- 17.
Fairbrother WG, Yeh RF, Sharp PA, Burge CB: Predictive identification of exonic splicing enhancers in human genes. Science. 2002, 297 (5583): 1007-1013.
- 18.
Gimpl G, Fahrenholz F: The oxytocin receptor system: structure, function, and regulation. Physiol Rev. 2001, 81 (2): 629-683.
- 19.
Mechaly I, Macari F, Lautier C, Serrano JJ, Cros G, Grigorescu F: Identification and sequence analysis of arginine vasopressin mRNA in normal and Brattleboro rat aortic tissue. Eur J Endocrinol. 1998, 139 (1): 123-126.
- 20.
Simon J, Kasson BG: Identification of vasopressin mRNA in rat aorta. Hypertension. 1995, 25 (5): 1030-1033.
- 21.
Foo NC, Carter D, Murphy D, Ivell R: Vasopressin and oxytocin gene expression in rat testis. Endocrinology. 1991, 128 (4): 2118-2128.
- 22.
Acher R, Chauvet J, Chauvet MT, Rouille Y: Unique evolution of neurohypophysial hormones in cartilaginous fishes: possible implications for urea-based osmoregulation. J Exp Zool. 1999, 284 (5): 475-484.
- 23.
Gainer H, Wray S: Cellular and molecular biology of oxytocin and vasopressin. The Physiology of Reproduction. Edited by: Knobil E, Neill JD. 1994, New York: Raven Press, 2: 1099-1129.
- 24.
Bell JD: Fisheries and reproductive biology of the elephant fish (Callorhinchus milii) in southern Australia. Honours Thesis. 2003, Warnnambool, Victoria, Australia Deakin University
- 25.
Heierhorst J, Lederis K, Richter D:. 1992, 89 (15): 6798-6802.
- 26..
- 27. (1): 393-399.
- 28.
van Kesteren RE, Smit AB, de With ND, van Minnen J, Dirks RW, Schors van der RC, Joosse J: A vasopressin-related peptide in the mollusc Lymnaea stagnalis: peptide structure, prohormone organization, evolutionary and functional aspects of Lymnaea conopressin. Prog Brain Res. 1992, 92: 47-57.
- 29.
van Kesteren RE, Smit AB, Dirks RW, de With USA. 1992, 89 (10): 4593-4597.
- 30.
Cruz LJ, de Santos V, Zafaralla GC, Ramilo CA, Zeikus R, Gray WR, Olivera BM: Invertebrate vasopressin/oxytocin homologs. Characterization of peptides from Conus geographus and Conus straitus venoms. J Biol Chem. 1987, 262 (33): 15821-15824.
- 31.-421.
- 32..
- 33.
Nielsen DB, Dykert J, Rivier JE, McIntosh JM: Isolation of Lys-conopressin-G from the venom of the worm-hunting snail, Conus imperialis. Toxicon. 1994, 32 (7): 845-848.
- 34.
Proux JP, Miller CA, Li JP, Carney RL, Girardie A, Delaage M, Schooley DA: Identification of an arginine vasopressin-like diuretic hormone from Locusta migratoria. Biochem Biophys Res Commun. 1987, 149 (1): 180-186.
- 35..
- 36.
Stafflinger E, Hansen KK, Hauser F, Schneider M, Cazzamali G, Williamson M, Grimmelikhuijzen CJ: Cloning and identification of an oxytocin/vasopressin-like receptor and its ligand from insects. Proc Natl Acad Sci USA. 2008, 105 (9): 3262-3267.
- 37.
Hoyle CH: Neuropeptide families and their receptors: evolutionary perspectives. Brain Res. 1999, 848 (1–2): 1-25.
- 38.
Hyodo S, Tsukada T, Takei Y: Neurohypophysial hormones of dogfish, Triakis scyllium: structures and salinity-dependent secretion. Gen Comp Endocrinol. 2004, 138 (2): 97-104.
- 39.: 1672-1678.
- 40.
Ukena K, Iwakoshi-Ukena E, Hikosaka A: Unique Form and Osmoregulatory Function of a Neurohypophysial Hormone in a Urochordate. Endocrinology. 2008, 149: 5254-5261.
- 41.
Reich G: A new peptide of the oxytocin/vasopressin family isolated from nerves of the cephalopod Octopus vulgaris. Neurosci Lett. 1992, 134 (2): 191-194.
--149.
- 43.
Ravi V, Venkatesh B: Rapidly evolving fish genomes and teleost diversity. Curr Opin Gen Dev. 2008,
- 44..
- 45..
- 46..
- 47.
GIRI RepBase. []
Acknowledgements
We thank Justin Bell, Janine Danks, Susumu Hyodo and Terry Walker for their help in collecting elephant shark tissues; Shugo Watabe for lamprey tissues and Chris Amemiya for the lamprey BAC library. Thanks also to Alison Lee, Vydianathan Ravi and Alice Tay for critical reading of the manuscript. This work was supported by the Biomedical Research Council of A*STAR (Agency for Science, Technology and Research), Singapore. B.V. is an adjunct staff of the Department of Paediatrics, Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine, National University of Singapore.
Additional information
Authors' contributions
BV and SB conceived and designed the project. PG carried out sequencing, annotation and analysis of the sequences reported. BT screened the BAC library, carried out cDNA synthesis and RT-PCR, and helped in sequencing BAC clones. PG and BV wrote the manuscript. All authors read and approved the final manuscript.
Electronic supplementary material
Neighbor-Joining tree of protein sequences of invertebrate and vertebrate vasopressin- and oxytocin-family of hormones
Additional file 1: . Numbers at the nodes are bootstrap values of 1000 replicates. The paralogous vasopressin- and oxytocin-family genes in each taxon are erroneously clustered with each other (marked with a circle). eshark, elephant shark; VP, vasopressin; OT, oxytocin; MT, mesotocin; VT, vasotocin; IT, isotocin; SOP, Styela oxytocin-related peptide. (PDF 5wee, PC., Tay, BH., Brenner, S. et al. Characterization of the neurohypophysial hormone gene loci in elephant shark and the Japanese lamprey: origin of the vertebrate neurohypophysial hormone genes. BMC Evol Biol 9, 47 (2009).
Received:
Accepted:
Published:
DOI:
Keywords
- Vasopressin
- Oxytocin
- Teleost Fish
- Fugu
- Cartilaginous FishVascular Birthmarks Foundation Forum
(
)
-
Port Wine Stain Help and Resources
(
)
- -
PWS + Light Sensitivity?
(
)
erih
05-18-2011 12:00 AM
PWS + Light Sensitivity?
Hey, I was wondering if anyone has noticed or if there is a link between light sensitivity when a PWS covers/is close to one or both eyes?
Mine goes from my hairline on the left down to the bottom edge of my upper eyelid. Early tests showed it was NOT on/in my eye. I do have light-ish blue eyes and sort of naturally red hair which is already predisposed to light sensitivity (or so I've heard), so its entirely possible its something else that has affected my eyes.
I have never had lasering done on my eyelid, tho.
kaykay
05-18-2011 12:55 AM
my eye sight is good. left eye is weaker, my pws is on the left side. I am alittle sensitive to light and suppose to wear polarized shades but i've been told thats just due to my scandanvian anscestry. i do not leave home without shades. been called a vamp a few times LOL
missy
05-18-2011 11:03 AM
Interesting. I have one kid who has dark hair and freckles (like me) and one who is blond and very fair. The blond/fair one has such light sensitivity that his teachers have commented on it. He has a hard time at recess because it takes so long for his eyes to adjust coming outside. He also has autism, and we always thought that was why.
Interesting discussion, though. I have been noticing more and more that people with a PWS on one side say they have other problems on that side as well.
Missy
erih
05-20-2011 05:41 AM
Lol kaykay. I'm nearly famous for my sunglasses! I get so bad I end up w/ migraines (which are thankfully knocked out by tylenol), but its not just the sun for me. Fluorescent lights are worse (which makes dorm life oh so fun!)
Missy, it does make sense that PWS affect more given the nature. I've not done any research at all on it, but i'm sure the messed up blood vessels are at least partly to blame. I wonder if genetics are keyed in as well when PWS are present?
I do know light-sensitivity is at least partially (if not wholly) genetic & eye colour helps determine it too (not saying a dark brown eyed person can't be light sensitive, but they're less likely to be than a [pale] blue eyed one).
kaykay
05-20-2011 11:53 PM
i'm a pedigree pothound but my eyes are either green or blue/grey. depending on my mood/health i've been told. no one else is blond hair blue eyed. brother and i are throw backs. we don't talk anymore but i don't know if he has problems. pothead.
I know what you mean about headaches. I cannot stand illegal fluresent lights on cars either. thank fully i don't drive much at night. I'm not fond of glare either, still drive with my shades on when it rains. something about pale pigment
kelmel
04-14-2012 05:21 AM
I know this thread is a little old, but I wanted to comment anyway. I found it while Googling PWS and light sensitivity because my two year old with PWS is extremely sensitive to light and I thought there might be a correlation. I am also sensitive, as is my older son. We all have blue eyes which I have attributed our sensitivity to in the past. Now that he is speaking, I have finally figured out why he has been crying while in the car, especially on sunny days. Thanks for sharing your experiences. It helps me understand what he is going through.
All times are GMT. The time now is
10:29 AM
.Our school hasn’t fully announced the plan for the year just yet and it’s so hard to know how to feel about the options. Thankfully, we only have to worry about Pre-K this year, but I know parents all over the world are wrestling with tough decisions surrounding back to school. When school ended early last year, Ella was SO resistant to “teacher mommy” and doing school at home. Since it was only preschool, I of course didn’t push her, but I still felt horribly for her. She’s been sad pretty much all Summer without school and without her teachers and friends.
We plan to start the school year out with as much normalcy as possible. This includes taking Ella on her annual solo backpack shopping date where we let her pick out her supplies regardless of the school situation. I also plan to set her up a desk at home along with our school supply station. I think we are all 99% sure there will at least be some distance learning this year, and it will also come in handy for homework as she gets older.
School Supply Cart | Flag Printable | School Supply Caddy | Acrylic Letters
No matter what happens this year, I’m determined to start things off on an extremely exciting note. It’s her last year partially at home before full time kindergarten and I want to make sure school is a positive and productive experience for her no matter if it’s in person or at home. The best way I know how to do that? With a back to school kickoff party of course!
So far we’ve heard that school will definitely have a delayed beginning. I plan to have our back to school breakfast party a few weeks before school actually starts. This way we can celebrate the year beginning and start doing some at home learning to get back into the swing of things.
Decorations
The best part about these decor items is that you can use them every single year as you start a back to school tradition. I plan to also set out some school supplies and learning supplies we are in need of as “decorations”.
First Day/Last Day Chalkboard
Target always has the best selection of first day/last day chalkboards. You can also find personalized versions on Etsy.
Food
Is there any other way to start school than with donuts?
First Day Outfits
If Ella goes back to in person school, I will usually snag her a dress from Alice + Ames or Sweet Honey. I also snagged her this incredibly adorable “Oh Hey Pre-K” shirt (pictured above) from The Dreaming Daisy. Her entire back to school collection (launching August 6th) is precious and you can save on her site with code Tristina10.
One thing is for sure, whatever decisions we make as parents will be the absolute right decisions for our families. Hang in there and know I’m here cheering you on!Research published in the journal of Frontiers in Medicine found that Gazelle™, a diagnostic platform from Hemex Health, has 99% accuracy in diagnosing sickle cell disease (SCD). The research team, from India’s National Institute of Research in Tribal Health (NIRTH),% of all new-borns with sickle cell disease are from India, and it is estimated that 20% of Indian children with sickle cell disease die from related illnesses before reaching their second birthday,” as per ICMR study, said Dr Shanmugam Rajasubramaniam, Head-Division of Genetic Disorders, ICMR-National Institute of Research in Tribal Health. “Early diagnosis could start these children on life-saving therapies, but only a few public health facilities for diagnosis of sickle cell disease and patient care exist. A device like Gazelle that can be taken to remote areas could expand patient care significantly and save many lives.” 6 months to 65 years. Gazelle identified all patients with disease (HbSS) with 100% accuracy. Gazelle demonstrated 100%.0%) compared to the reference standard tests, haemoglobin electrophoresis and HPLC.
“Hemex recognizes the critical need for at-risk populations to have access to affordable, accurate testing,” said Patti White, Co-founder and CEO, Hemex Health. “Clinicians in remote low resource locations told us what was needed, and we listened. Our sickle cell test uses a miniaturized version of electrophoresis – a technology widely known and trusted by clinicians – packaged in a portable, battery-powered device. We made it fast and easy-to-use with minimal training, and rugged enough for the hot and humid conditions that one often finds in the field.”
Researchers noted many of Gazelle’s ease-of-use features that would be valuable in field settings, including error detection software that senses problems with sample preparation and the automated interpretation of each sample. The short test time (abut 12 minutes from sample to result) allows a report to be generated during the visit, ensuring that treatment and education can begin immediately. Because the device stores patient results locally or can transmit them to the cloud or printer, clinicians can easily track the patient’s history.These Wausau-area athletes ran with Gabe Grunewald; now they grieve her loss from cancer
WAUSAU - They were there when Gabriele Grunewald was first told she had cancer.
She was Gabriele Anderson then, and only 22 years old. She was a national-caliber runner and team leader for the University of Minnesota. The team was in Arizona, readying for a meet, when she got the phone call from doctors informing her she had adenoid cystic carcinoma in a salivary gland.
On Tuesday, Grunewald died, and the running community across the world mourned. Through her battle with the disease, she touched countless lives, including Wausau-area athletes who competed alongside her.
Kallie Allman, a top runner from D.C. Everest Area Senior High School, was also 22; she was Kallie Suske then. She had been a walk-on runner for the Gophers, just like Grunewald. Injuries derailed her collegiate running, but Allman was kept on the team as an assistant coach.
Grunewald's cancer hit everyone hard.
"We were devastated," Allman said. "We were like, 'You're an elite athlete, you're going to be fine, you're going to beat this.'"
Jayme Dittmar had been a scholarship runner for the University of Minnesota, a highly touted, gutsy 800-meter runner who had won two state titles for Wausau East High School. She was 20, two years behind Grunewald, but the two trained together and ran on a relay team together.
"It was a very, very surreal moment for all of us," after the team was told about the cancer diagnosis, Dittmar said. "She wasn't emotional. That in itself says a lot about Gabe. She just kind of accepted it, like, 'OK, this was going to be the battle. Let's go.' She was so, so strong."
The next day Grunewald ran a personal best on the rack in the 1,500 meters. Neither she or anyone else knew what to expect going forward.
What happened next was she got the cancer treated and she got better as a runner. She came back to run as a Gopher, setting a school record and getting second at the NCAA championships in the 1,500.
The cancer would come back, but still she ran.
At first, she kept her struggle with the disease private. She ran through chemo treatments and surgery, one that removed a tumor that left a huge scar arcing through her abdomen. Through it all, she began to share more and more publicly about living and competing with cancer.
She was featured in the running media and in Sports Illustrated. She finished fourth in the 1,500-meter Olympic qualifying race. She won a national titled in the 3,000-meter indoor race.
She married. She formed a nonprofit group, Brave Like Gabe, formed to raise money to fund research into rare forms of cancer. She inspired an untold number of people.
"Being brave, for me, means not giving up on the things that make me feel alive," she wrote on the Brave Like Gabe website.
But although ACC is a slow-moving form of cancer, it is relentless. Grunewald underwent various forms of treatment that kept the cancer at bay, but they couldn't stop it completely.
The grief over Grunewald's death hit hard for both Allman and Dittmar.
Allman is 32 now, married, the mother of three boys and living in Rothschild. She's struggled to explain to her young sons why she's crying.
"I tell them it hurts when you lose someone you love so hard, even if they're going to heaven," Allman said. "But I'll talk more about how brave Gabe is and was and pass that along to them."
Nothing about the way Grunewald faced cancer and mortality surprised Allman.
"She just had a way about her," Allman said. "If you look at race pictures of her, you can see it in her face. She was determined. She raced to be her best self, and that was always so amazing to see unfold on the track. ... To watch her finish, that was so beautiful."
Allman followed Grunewald's progress through her journey with cancer, even running as much as she could even though she could no longer be competitive.
Running was "the one thing she had control of," Allman said. "She knew that this was her new body, and maybe it wasn't going to feel the same. But she would run anyway. It was amazing."
Dittmar, 30, is now a photographer and documentary film producer living in Alaska. She also followed Grunewald's journey.
"I think all of us were expecting her to pull out of it, because she was so strong, so invincible," Dittmar said.
Dittmar has been "running more the last few days. I've been calling teammates, calling friends, taking nothing for granted," she said.
At the University of Minnesota, Grunewald was the clear leader on team, Dittmar said. And as a runner, Grunewald never yielded.
"She went out and she went out to do battle," Dittmar said. "She was out there to wrestle the track and bring it to the ground. It was phenomenal to see, and to be part of."
At the same time, Grunewald supported everyone.
"She loved all of us," Dittmar said. "It's a cliche thing to say, but she left everyone she touched a better person. She made us all faster, she made us all stronger."
RELATED: Glen Moberg, former host of WPR's 'Route 51,' confronts cancer - and his mortality - head on
RELATED: Hatley woman Kimberly Kuklinski's 'dance' with cancer ends, but her spirit carries on
Contact Keith Uhlig at 715-845-0651 or kuhlig@gannett.com. Follow him at @UhligK on Twitter and Instagram or on Facebook.If you landed an out-of-state internship or plan to study abroad, you may have to store your belongings somewhere until next semester. At Storage.com, we give students storage options by listing facilities by price, distance, and other features.
There are several storage facilities close to Pitt. For students searching for a facility close to campus, these are the best options. Self storage units within a few miles of the University of Pittsburgh include:
For students willing to commute, there are many other facilities around Pittsburgh with competitive prices. The self storage units in Pittsburgh listed by starting price include:Books Like Bared To bared to you helps us to understand so many things going around you and the world, since the publication of the book it’s been talked all over the media and internet guiding and helping people to look about things in a different perspective.
You might want Books Like John Dies At The End To Read
3 BEST Books Like Bared To You to Buy
Our Recommended Choices for Books Like Bared To You to Read 2020
Bared to You (Crossfire, Book 1)
Captivated By You (Crossfire, Book 4)
One with You (Crossfire Series Book 5)
The Mister
Walking Disaster: A Novel (Beautiful Disaster Series)
Beautiful Oblivion: A Novel (The Maddox Brothers Book 1)
The Pearl Trilogy (The Pearl Trilogy Boxed Set Book 1)
The Director's Cut (Spotlight Book 3)
Spotlight Series Boxset
The NOVA Trilogy: A Dark Romance Box Set
Check our previous recommendation: Books Like Before I Fall To Read
An avid book reader doesn’t give up just after reading one of these book, but continues their reading spree because books like bared to.Rue Stiic Evy Knit Shorts (Black)
$68.95
The Evy knit short is a stunning cotton knit short perfect all year round. The perfect mix of style and comfort, the Evy knit short will be your go to grab for lounging for any season. Features a drawstring waist band.
Paired with the matching Pamela Knit Tee or your favorite white tee, the Evy knit short is a must have.
- Materials: 100% Cotton
- Care: Cold hand wash only
- Size Info: Model is a US size 4 (AU size 8) and wears Rue Stiic size Small.
Made in Bali, Indonesia
Size Guide | Shipping PolicyHi, welcome to visit !
Get a Quote
The sawdust Flash Air Dryer Agriculture is a new type design of biomass material drying equipment widely used in Wood Briquette Plant factory Know as pipe dryer it is good choice for solid raw material which has good flow ability
Get a QuoteOnline Message applies for wood sawdust crop straw grass civil waste and animal waste briquette making the production range is from 1251000kgh hydraulic briquetting machine stamping type briquetting machine screw press briquetting machine
Sawdust briquette machine new design sawdust briquette machine new design
China sawdust briquette making machine manufacturers select 2020 high quality sawdust briquette making machine products in best price from certified chinese production making machine manufacturers plastic making machine suppliers wholesalers and factory on madeinchinacom
With fineness analyzer this wood milling machine is a new type of powder making equipment which is specialized in crushing lightweight materials fiber materials brittle materials ductile materials and other special materials the wood crushing machine can crush the branches with a
Lignite drying machine in indonesia
New type gold washing plant for sale indonesia
Iron smelting manufacturers suppliers china powder briquette machine in thailand there are forty years of manufacturing history with three major production basesover 160 senior rampd engineers and 600 large and mediumsized digital processing equipment the firstline technicians and professional aftersales service personnel up to 2300 and 200 respectively
Briquettes machine in ireland there are forty years of manufacturing history with three major production basesover 160 senior rampd engineers and 600 large and mediumsized digital processing equipment the firstline technicians and professional aftersales service personnel up to
Sawdust pellet machine in ireland our products includes five series crusher sand making machine powder grinding mill mineral processing equipment and building materials equipmentour leading products have crushing equipment sand making equipment mobile crusher etc each type of product is with complete specifications
Aug 16 2018 straw briquette machine is used to make sawdust sugar cane rice straw rice stalk corn stalk cotton stalk bean husk and other agrowaste and forestry waste into halfcharcoal stick the product of straw extruder machine can be used to heat boiler fireplace etc for warm in house
Ph maxx briquette press machine log maker wood w ph maxx briquette machine turn your waste into meanwhile it is easy to ignite for combustion does not produce odor and has longer duration when it burns made with 6 ton bottle jack more compressed longer burn briquette just scoop mix of mash paper and sawdust press and you have a briquette
Jun 09 2020 briquette machine sawdust wood waste briquetting press 230v 12kgh new warranty 12 inch 300mm engineers precision polished steel set square p416 1013 shipping 1018 shipping popular 12 inch combination square angle finder steel ruler spirit level measure gauge 1267
China sawdust briquette making machine manufacturers select 2020 high quality sawdust briquette making machine products in best price from certified chinese production making machine manufacturers plastic making machine suppliers wholesalers and factory on madeinchinac moisture in wet materials during conveying and dispersing of high speed hot steam
Wood sawdust briquetting machine woodFree Fire Redeem Codes 2021. Players will need to go to the Garena redemption center to claim their reward.
Free Fire Unlimited Diamond Bitcoin Once Again At The Most Critical Level In 2021 At The Short Term In 2021 Diamond Free Free Secure Digital
Generate 99999 Diamonds for Free.
Terbaharu Free Fire Diamond Top Up Redeem Code 2021 – 2022. Quick and convenient the Free Fire Diamonds code makes sure you can acquire the in-game currency. How to Get Free Diamonds in Free Fire in October 2021 without Top-up. It can provide you with special rewards and ample benefits.
Choose your favorite reward. Using these rewards you can purchase different items. Latest Free Fire Diamond Codes August 2020.
Titan Scar Redeem Code FF5XZSZM6LEF. A player shall be signed in through the account which had been used while signing up for Free Fire. Free Fire Diamond Hack October 2021.
FFTQT5IRMCNX Redeem this code. If you have been searching for the best working Garena Free Fire Hack free diamond free fire then you have come to the right place. Based on the same principle as PUBG Mobile Unknown Cash or Apex Legends Coins Free Fire Diamonds work the same way.
The great part about this hack tool is that it is free and use. FreeFire FreeFireLive FreeFireLivelndiaHello Guys Welcome to Battleground Game on Free Fire Garena Thanks for join GameLiveFree fire live Garena free fi. 11062021 In this article we provide you with a step-by-step guide on how to obtain diamonds in Garena Free Fire.
So many tricks are there for getting Free Fire Unlimited Diamonds Without Top-up and without using Google Play Redeem CodesSo in this post we have prepared a list of hack tricks that will help you grab. Free Fire MOD Apk Download October 2021 v1622. Redeem this ff code for 50 diamonds 3x Cosmic Bounty Hunter Weapon Loot Crate and 3x Swagger Ownage Weapon Loot Crate Europe Server Added on.
Free Fire Diamond Hack 2021- Free 99999 Diamonds Generator App. How to redeem Free Fire code today. Regardless of what prize you earn its always to good feeling to win one.
This promo is free without the need for top-up or purchases. What are Free Fire Diamonds Used for. Free Fire keeps releasing new redemption codes on its Twitter handle.
You can easily upgrade your game character and level up your game skills. FFA9UVHX4H7D Redeem this code. First you will be required to visit the Rewards Redemption site as most codes can only be claimed through it.
Right now there is the latest redeem code for August 2020 that can give. Terbaharu Kode Redeem Top Up Free FireTekan di Sini. However if you are willing to spend less you can get the weekly membership at just Rs159.
There are several procedures for getting free Google Play to redeem codes. How to get Free Fire Redeem code Today 2021. The link to navigate to the page has.
A user can copy and paste any Free Fire redeem code on the official Free Fire redeem code redemption website. Keep one of them and use it. Free Fire redeem code is a 12-character code including both numbers and letters.
Activate the digital Garena voucher code anytime and anywhere. As you know that Were giving you Free Fire Redeem Code 2021 for free everyday. You may get a wide range of in-game items such as characters pets outfits emotes and gun skins.
More Ways to Get Free Google Play Credit. These are the codes you can redeem to get some free diamonds skins and other exclusive in-game items. Garena Free Fire redeem codes for October 1 2021.
Valid Codes FF Global. If you are interested in the monthly membership it will cost you Rs500. What are Free Fire Codes.
Garena Free Fire Free Diamonds and Rewards 2021. These are the codes you can redeem to get some free diamonds skins and other exclusive in-game items. Be aware that not every Free Fire diamond redeem code 2020 India will work because they are either expired or used up.
How to get Free Fire codes. You like the most. The following are some of the Redeem Free Fire Codes for 2020 now see carefully.
HttpsfreetopupetcdwebappTop-Up-Digi-Rm5-Free-Percuma-2021htmlMASA TERHADSelamat datang ke video in. Come join this event with friends all over the world now. Cupid Scar Redeem Code FF22NYW94A00.
When you redeem the codes you get free skins and diamonds as rewards. Each corresponds to a reward. Redeem this ff code for 50x Saphire Tokens Middle East Server Valid until July 26th 2021 MHM5D8ZQZP22.
Availing the premium membership of Free Fire is another simple and easy way of getting free diamonds. All you need is an active Garena account and the game on your mobile. Every month Garena will roll out new Free Fire redeem codes which can be found in different media channels.
And enjoy exciting rewards from Garena Free Fire. A player shall be signed in through the account which had been used while signing up for Free Fire. But you should know that Google LLC is the issuer of the Play Store Voucher.
Garena Free Fire codes help you unlock in-game rewards for free saving you all the trouble of collecting diamonds by completing missions. These codes make your gaming journey fun and interesting. Our brand new diamondfreefire tool has been designed to be able to give you Unlimited Diamonds Unlimited Coins for FREE.
Free Fire Codes are a set of promo codes released from time to time by the game developers. Below well show you all. Terbaharu Free Fire Diamond Top UpTekan di Sini.
Latest Free Fire Promo Codes October 2021 FFCO-8855-JW2D. It is also the only working hack that is easy to use. Here are listed some working redeem codes.
Terbaharu Redeem Code Free Fire DiamondTekan di Sini. FF7WSM0CN44Z Redeem this code. In this method you can get 60 diamonds daily without having to spend any.
You cannot generate or hack Google vouchers at any cost. Get Unlimited Hack Diamonds for Free. What are Free Fire redeem codes.
Garena Free Fire redeem codes for September 16 2021. Here is everything you need to know about the Free Fire Redeem Codes for September.
2 Script 90000 Diamond Free Fire 7z Terbaru 2019 Download Now Free Diamond 90000 Free Fire Limited Edition On Android Aplikasi Gratis Papan
Free Reedem Code Diamond Pang 10 2021
Ff Redeem Code Today 5 June 2021 Garena Free Fire Ff Redeem Codes Top Up Free Diamonds
31 Kode Redeem Ff 19 Agustus 2021 Cara Klaim Dan Dapatkan Hero Terbaru
Auto Headshot Hack Free Fire Free Fire Vip Mod 100 Work By Gamer Tubegamer Tube Https Youtu Be Xcz4aeyeoo0 Hack Free Money Headshots New Tricks
Levvvel The Best Gaming Experiences Start Here
Garena Free Fire Hack New Tricks Hacks Fire
Free Fire Redeem Codes Today 15 October 2021 Garena Ff Redeem Code
This Is The Leaked Free Fire Ob28 Update Game Zone
Garena Free Fire Redeem Codes 2021 Full List Of Official Codes Released This Year
Download Free Fire Apk Ob30 Update Obb Data 2021
Free Reedem Code Diamond Pang 10 2021
Ada 999 Diamond Dalam Kode Redeem Ff Yang Aktif Hingga 3 Oktober 2021 Ayo Yogya
Kode Redeem Terbaru Free Fire 2021 Redeem Sebelum 4 Mei 2021 Kode Redeem Ff Terbaru Hari Ini Youtube
Garena Free Fire Redeem Codes For September 20 2021 Redeem Latest Free Reward Using Code
Redeem Code Free Diamond 100 Working Free Fire Trick How To Get Free Fire Diamond Fr Iphone Games Game Download Free Ios Games
New Free Fire Diamond Infinite Script Hack No Root In 2021 Download Hacks Fire Play Hacks
Kode Code Redeem Ff Malaysia 2021 Free Fire Redeem Code Malaysia Kode Redeem Ff October 2021
Introduction Any information that you provide through our websites or your web application sites (such as TEAMS), the storage and use of such information is governed by the RTO Software Privacy Statement. This document sets out our policies relating to the collection and use of your personal as well as business application specific information. This … Read moreFL925MAR 90cm Stainless Steel Island Hood
customers are viewing this product
Designed to be suspended over a central cooking island, creates a dynamic focal point in the kitchen. The stainless steel island hood offers, an intensive 900m3/hr maximum airlfow for effective grese and odor extraction. In addition, designed with intuitive sensor touch control and dimming LED light allows you to adjust the amount of light needed to illuminate your cooking.
Specifications
- 1 YEAR General warrantySo I got my contract signed, my forms filled out, and everything else tidied away and put in the mail last week. The good folks at Clean Teen have them now, and I just get to look forward to scheduling a video chat with the ladies in charge. I think it’s pretty neat that my publisher’s chief officers are all Texan women. That’s just neat. Who would have even conceived of such a thing fifty years back? The internet and twenty-first century are ushering in a lot of interesting change and putting a lot of power in strange geographical places now that anybody can be anywhere.
Which brings me to Book Country.
I am so lucky I found this website and had a chance to discover the possibilities of it while I was at the San Francisco Writer’s Conference six months ago (I can’t believe it’s already been half a year!) I hop around the west coast too much to regularly attend any writers group, but with Book Country I can be anywhere. It’s easy to log on and review manuscripts, and it’s so nice to know that mine is up and open to members for review too. I could not have made the revisions I did without the feedback of the Book Country community, and I feel so grateful to the people on that site who have made it what is it.
Before.
11 thoughts on “How Book Country Helped Me Land a Book Deal”
Hmm.. I may have to look into Book Country – I haven’t really done much with groups like that but, probably a good time to start.
I highly recommend it! Find me if you do join, I’d be happy to connect and see what you’re up to with your writing 🙂
I’ll add looking around at it to my “to do list” for this week. Probably will be a while before I put anything of my own up (want to get through this edit before I share the WIP with anyone), but will be good to look around 🙂
Fair enough! I heavily edited my book before I put it up on Book Country too…I wanted to show my best face, after all! One of the metrics that keeps spambots and other unfavorables off the site is the requirement that you review a story before you post your own, so there isn’t a hurry to throw your book up even once you’ve joined. The site really fosters community.
Ack! I had your book on my ‘to review list’ for a long while now, and didn’t get around to it. Your review of my story Scarlet Crimson was helpful.
Darn. I’ll have to be quicker next time, I suppose.
. . . I’m a Book Country native, by the way 🙂
Congratulations on having your novel published! You must be so excited!
Thank you so much Amber! I’m actually leaving my book up on Book Country and would still very much appreciate you reading through it…I’m not looking for feedback anymore, but I am trying to get as many beta readers as I can to go through it and be able to write reviews for it on Amazon/Goodreads when launch day comes. I am fantastically excited, and appreciate your encouragement!
I’ve been busy with my own writing and returning critiques, but I’ll do my best to squeeze your novel into the mix 🙂
When is the publish date, or is there one yet?
We don’t have publication date yet…we haven’t even started down the process! I’m sure you will months and months to figure out how to squeeze me into the mix 😉 No hurry.
Okay! Incidentally, is the draft up on Book Country your most current one? I just started reading it–what I’ve read is lovely, by the way–and realized that reading the most current draft would be best, if I’m planning to leave a review 🙂
Yes! I’m happy to hear you’re finding time for it so soon 🙂 The draft on Book Country is the most recent, so read on my friend!
Alrighty then! I’ll get to reading when the opportunity arises 🙂 I’ve read the prologue and will try to get through the rest when I have free time 🙂The School of Social and Behavioral Sciences at Arizona State University is seeking an active and engaged scholar who will assist with developing and delivering the curriculum for the online Chinese-language Master of Science in Psychology program. The program was launched in Fall 2020 with the goal of providing access to graduate studies in psychology for learners located in China and other Asian countries.
This is a full-time, benefits-eligible, non-tenure-track position with an initial appointment at the rank of Lecturer or Lecturer Sr, to start in August 2022. The Lecturer or Lecturer Sr position typically carries a teaching load of 4 courses per semester. However, the teaching load may be reduced in the first semester for onboarding and for allowing time to develop new courses. In addition, course releases are allowed if the faculty takes on administrative responsibilities related to the program.
About the School:
The School of Social and Behavioral Sciences is presently in a period of expansion and innovation around new initiatives and programs in Psychology, including resilience, forensic psychology, and behavioral data science. The School is home to online (digital-immersion) and campus-immersion:
Teaching in the M.S. Psychology Online Program with administrative duties as needed:
- Create instructional materials in simplified Chinese
- Teach psychology courses and assist students in Mandarin
- Translate course materials from English into simplified Chinese as needed
- Effectively teach, supervise, and mentor undergraduate and graduate students
- Assist with program-related administrative duties
- Engage in service activities to support the unit, college, and university
Qualifications
Required Qualifications:
The successful candidate must:
- Be fluent in Mandarin (simplified Chinese) and English
- Have a doctoral degree in Psychology or a related field by the time of appointment
- A record reflecting experience teaching at the postsecondary level in the field of psychology
Desired Qualifications:
Preference will be given to candidates who have:
- Experience developing and teaching online courses at the undergraduate or graduate level
- Experience with online learning platforms such as Canvas
- Demonstrated ability to teach broadly in psychology
- Experience mentoring undergraduate and/or graduate students
- Familiarity with training and supervising teaching assistants
- Evidence of teaching excellence
- Evidence of excellent communication skills
- Educational background in: Cognitive, Developmental, or Social Psychology, Statistics, Research Methods
- Administrative experience related to managing academic programs
- Demonstrated commitment to working successfully with a diverse student population, including first-generation college students.Updated: Mar 3, 2020
What is the Atonement?
We have discussed the person of Christ, so naturally the study of the work of Christ should follow. The two are really not separated, but for the sake of clarity, distinguished. You cannot separate the person of Christ from what he does. For instance, on Thanksgiving Day I went to Walmart to get a few snacks, as it was the only store open, of course. I went in, got my groceries, and as I was heading to my car, I was stopped by Jehovah’s Witnesses who proceeded to hand me a tract. It caught me off guard. I thought it was soft ball for the Gospel, so I asked them, “Who do you say Jesus is?”
“He’s God’s son,” one responded.
I asked, “Do you believe he is God?”
They answered, “No, no, no! He’s the son of God; he is not God himself.”
So, I began to go through a few scriptures with them and began answering various objections they raised. Once I cleared the mines, I said, “A Jesus less than divine cannot save you. God became incarnate; he took on human flesh. He and he alone could ever bear our sins that whoever repents and trusts in him and the work he accomplished will be saved from the wrath of God.” I remember they seemed taken aback. At that point, I closed the conversation with asking them to read a few passages like Hebrews 1 and Philippians 2 for their consideration, and we parted. The point I made to them is that they could not claim a Jesus, who is less than divine, as a savior. There is only one Jesus and only he and he alone could conquer our sin and death by satisfying the wrath of God. No one but God the Son was capable of the task to fulfill the Father’s will for us.
We are going to be looking at “What is the atonement?” or “Why did Jesus die on the cross?” Our course is focusing on the foundational teachings of the Christian faith, and if we do not cover the cross, I feel I have failed the “foundational” aspect of this course. Now by ‘cover’, I do not for a moment mean ‘to cover exhaustively’. We will be talking about the cross and singing about the cross…“Worthy is the lamb who was slain”...for eternity! But, by cover, I mean simply to explore what the Bible says about the death of Jesus from this central angle of atonement. We’re not exhausting it anytime soon.
Let us begin with 1 Corinthians.
"For the word of the cross is folly to those who are perishing, but to us who are being saved it is the power of God." 1 Corinthians 1:18
A Cross?
I once worked at a fast food restaurant where I got a chance to meet some very unusual people, sometimes a good thing and sometimes interesting. One day I had one of those more interesting encounters, actually a scary one. I was working the front counter register and I had a relatively short line of customers. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a young man enter the line, but I didn’t think much of it. He was about fourth in line. So, I continued taking orders until he was the last one in line, and I came face to face with him. I asked him for his order and began to input it into the register. Then, I looked up and saw his shirt for the first time. His shirt had an image of a bomb vest on it, and my first reaction was fear. Of course, once the initial wave of fear disappeared, I realized that it was a picture of some video game or media thing. But, the initial fear of seeing that image on a t-shirt changed the way I look at passages like this one here in 1 Corinthians. How is it that the symbol of the cross, which I’m wearing around my neck, went from a symbol that evoked terror to a symbol of hope and salvation?
In the first century, a cross was how you killed someone with intense agony. It was a terribly dirty or offensive thing to speak of because it was gory and bloody with nothing glamorous about it. In fact, most people refused to speak about crucifixion in common places. People would cringe if you brought it up. But, Paul talks about boasting in the cross and summarizes his whole ministry as Christ and him crucified. So, why does Paul summarize his Gospel ministry like this, and what is the cross of Jesus really all about? We must consider the intense irony of Paul’s words behind the backdrop of the natural offensiveness of the cross. And, yet it is this symbol that has become the boast of the Christian faith because of who and why a particular Nazarene died on one.
Penal Substitutionary Atonement
In the 1900’s a huge controversy erupted over Bible translation. If you have a Bible or Bible app, go with me asked John, “What is the cross all about?” “Why did Jesus die?” His prime answer would be, “To be a propitiation for our sins.” If you’re reading the English Standard Version of the Bible, or even the King James Version, it says, "propitiation for our sins." But, the Revised Standard Version says that he is the “expiation for our sins." Why the difference? The difference is owed to a controversy that took place in New Testament scholarship. You see, propitiation is a big word that means something quite simple. It means to make a sacrifice to God that makes him favorable, that makes him propitious toward us. But, in the last century some did not like this idea when speaking of the cross work of Christ, because they reasoned that God was already favorable to us if he sent his Son to die for us. If God so loved the world that he sent his Son, surely the issue isn’t God being made to favor us, but the issue is us. We’re sinners, and so we need cleansing and forgiveness of our sins. We don’t need to appease God in some kind of way, so these people reasoned and some today still think this way.
During that time, C.H Dodd was one of the more well-known supporters of changing propitiation to expiation. He had little conception of the wrath of God. He didn't like the idea that God could be wrathful. Therefore, expiation was a better choice for him, which simply refers to a sacrifice that provided forgiveness and cleansing of sins, but leaves out this whole idea of satisfying God’s wrath. People like Dodd reasoned that the idea of making a sacrifice to satisfy God’s wrath and make him favorable seemed to sound a lot like what the pagans did with their gods. People sacrificed to the gods, so that they could get them on their side or just appease their wrath. But, is that what the Bible is talking about? No, and that’s not what John was talking about when he used the word propitiation. Whatever their motives, no matter how much those in the last century wanted to change the word propitiation, we all have to deal with the God who wrote Romans 1:18.
The linguistic battles were done and Leon Morris wrote the classic, The Apostolic Preaching of the Cross, demonstrating that propitiation is the correct translation. Now, of course expiation is a component of propitiation, but it cannot be reduced to that. When John wrote about the death of Christ, he saw it as a sacrifice that turned God’s wrath away and cleansed us from the guilt of our sin. But, it is an interesting question that if God so loved the world, why did he need appeasing? If God is so loving as to die for the world, what kind of wrath would need satisfaction? I think that with this line of questioning, we run into the very issue that people like Dodd were trying to avoid. God is no ill-tempered one dimensional pagan Greek god. He is the God who is holy and is love. Leon Morris would say that we must see that wrath is the response of God’s divine personality to sin. The same God who loves this rebellious world enough to enter into his own creation to redeem it, also is the same God who is angry with sin and those who commit it and must punish it. God is love and God is holy. And, the loving God of John 3 is the same God who is angry with the wicked all day long as we are told in Psalms. People like Dodd didn’t believe God was angry with the world when he read about the wrath of God. He did not see God as a just and holy God who was personally being angered and offended by sin, but he read God's wrath as the impersonal consequences of sin. He thought that the wrath of God is just letting people face the consequences of their sin, but he is not personally being involved with any kind of holy passionate response to sin. However, the scriptures do not teach us of an impersonal wrath of God, but the wrath of God! His wrath is no less personal than his love.
Let’s read a couple of texts and ask for ourselves what God thinks of sin.."
In today’s society, to believe that God is love is not really hard, but to believe that God simultaneously has wrath is not easy for many of people. So, if we ask what the cross is all about, the core issue is that God’s wrath is very real and very much out of our league. We cannot escape it by any of our means. A couple of years ago there was a viral video of a man who was in court and before the judge gave his sentence, he was permitted to say something. He began singing an apology to the judge. One news article reported it like this, “Can you sing your way out of a prison sentence? Probably not, but that didn’t stop him from trying.” And, try he did. Though the judge was briefly entertained, he did not shorten his sentence. Why? The judge was bound to uphold justice. Now, God is no human judge. He is infinitely more just, and even though we may all stand before him singing or pleading, the justice of God will meet us with hell and condemnation. But God! But God! But, God is rich in mercy with the great love with which he loved us, as begins Ephesians 2. The text of 1 John 4 resounds with propitiation in the love of God, as does the famous text of John 3:16. It is important for us to see love and justice as not at war at the cross, but in harmony and partnered together to bring glory to the Triune God. God loves us, and if you have any doubt, see how he prayed for your sin on the cross, a repulsive, dishonoring, gory cross on which he died a shameful death that you may be raised with him in glory.
If God is so loving, why does he respond so strongly to sin? God’s wrath and justice against sin demand payment, condemnation in hell. If you sin against a rock, no one cares. If a dude smacks a rock on the ground, no one cares. If a dude smacked a person to the ground for no reason, he would face charges. If a dude smacked the king of Saudi Arabia to the ground, he would face immediate death. The same sin may vary in its seriousness depending against whom the sin is committed. All sin begins as a sin against God. As expressed in the law, God requires from all of us that we love him with all of our strength, soul and heart. So, all sin begins with failure to love God. To sin against the highest court in the universe is terrible and worse than any sin we commit against each other. So, if you sin against God, eternal death is the just consequence.
David famously cried, "Against you and you only I have sinned." When you take Uriah into consideration, it would seem David did in fact sin against many others besides God. But, what David was getting at is that all sin is first and foremost sin against God and then others, not the other way around. Second, sin against God is in a different category than sin against a fellow man. As we speak about God's wrath and judgement, some may feel it’s a tad bit like drinking pickle juice. It’s sour and only sour people go on about fire and brimstone. However, no one spoke more about hell than Jesus, and there is no one more loving and merciful than he. So, what the cross calls us to consider is the cost of sin and justice of God. There we find hand in hand altogether favor and wrath, grace and law, justice and mercy. This is why the good news of Jesus is really good news. death of Jesus is how he satisfied the wrath of God. You see, the wrath God had towards our sin was placed on Jesus. The justice that God demanded was satisfied in the death of Christ on the cross. The idea of propitiation is that God so loved the world with which he was angry, that he entered the world in the person and work of his Son, Jesus Christ, satisfied that very anger by being accounted as sin for our sakes, and accomplished our salvation by putting his Son to death.
2 Corinthians 5:21 puts it as plain as day. "For our sake he made him to be sin who knew no sin, so that in him we might become the righteousness of God." Isaiah 53 prophesied the work of Christ on the cross 700 year before Jesus saying, . Out of the anguish of his soul he shall see and be satisfied; by his knowledge shall the righteous one, my servant, make many to be accounted righteous, and he shall bear their iniquities." Isaiah 53:5-6
When we look at the cross and do not see the wrath of God, it will be difficult to see the love of God. We must see that our sin is why Jesus had to die. On the other hand, if we see wrath and no love, we misunderstand the whole matter. The God of the universe had a warrant out for our arrest and Jesus was handed over for it. God’s law had a demand for our punishment and Christ was crucified to meet that demand. God promised our death and separation from his grace as punishment for our sin. Christ took our sin and from the cross said in our place, “My God, my God why have you forsaken me?” He died there and was buried in a tomb a few hours later. This is substitutionary atonement. This is propitiation. He stands in our place and bears our punishment on our behalf. One thing that is so astonishing about this is that in the ancient pagan religions people would sacrifice to a particular god to satisfy the wrath of that god or to cause him to favor them. But, the Gospel is that God the Son sacrificed himself to God the Father to satisfy the anger of God. We see here the wonder of love and justice intertwined on the same tree on which Jesus hung.
This brings up a very important idea. We are not God seekers, but God is our seeker. This is why the text says that this is love, not that we loved God, but that he loved us and gave Christ as a propitiation for our sins. Our salvation is not bound up in some kind of self-initiation for reform, but rather the Scriptures say that apart from God even out best deeds are but filthy rags. We need someone to pay our debt for us. We need atonement. So, what is atonement? It is the teaching of Scripture that Christ took our sins upon himself and was crucified in our place because of our sins, so that we would be set free from the punishment, guilt and power of sin. One look at the cross and we can see without a doubt the fact that Christ takes our sins upon himself. That is, Christ takes the penal consequences of our sin and God’s just wrath in full.
An issue we haven’t yet discussed is that not only are we guilty of having sinned and thus punishment is demanded for us, but we also are obligated by God’s law to fulfill his law and be righteous. In God's law, there are laid out clear penal demands of the law. Yet, God's law not only calls for us to be punished for our sins, it also makes positive demands as to how we ought to live. The issue for man is that he can satisfy neither. He cannot satisfy God's justice by being good enough to fulfill the positive demands of God's law, and neither can he suffer or endure the appropriate punishment in such a way that satisfies his wrath. So, what does the cross have to say to this? Those who trust in Christ are legally represented by him. He is our substitute and representative and fulfills the demands of God's law.
Theologians historically have made a distinction between what has been called the passive and active obedience of Christ. The terms can be a tad confusing so let me simplify them. The active and passive obedience refers to two aspects of how Christ accomplishes God's law on our behalf. The active obedience refers to Christ fulfilling the positive demands of God’s law, like do not lie, honor your father and mother, love God with all your heart, soul and strength. These are positive demands for how we ought to live, and so Christ, especially as seen in going to the cross, always submitted to the Father’s perfect plan. He was and is the obedient Son, and it was necessary for him to fulfill all the righteous requirements of the law of God in our place. The passive obedience is mainly what we’ve been talking about all throughout this lesson.
Christ had to not only fulfill the positive demands of God’s law as our substitute, but also had to suffer the penal demands of God’s law, which teaches us that everyone who does not fulfill the whole law is under God’s curse or judgement. Galatians 3 tells us that Christ became cursed on our behalf, so that we might become partakers of the promises of God by faith. The bottom line is that in order for us to have peace with God, Christ must fulfill the positive and penal demands of God’s law. He must do it, because we cannot. We must keep before us at all times that the Gospel is all about Jesus and not about us. Paul told the Corinthians (2 Corinthians 4) that we do not preach ourselves. We must think the same way. We are made benefactors of grace and salvation by a work totally alien to us, and that is an alien concept to me. I want to be the hero of my story. I want to be the one who rescues the village. I don’t want to be the helpless one, but that is indeed where we are. Wash me Savior lest I die, as the hymn says, is not a dramatic line, but the words of a realist. If Christ is not the rock we stand on, we don’t stand at all. Many people have tried atoning for their sins by punishing themselves or by being more religious. Some have tried doing every bit of good they possibly could to attain a right standing with God, but not realizing that they can never do enough good to acquire his favor, because God has already made a way, a better way through his Son Christ Jesus. All who acknowledge his Lordship and trust in his saving work will receive by grace peace with God.
We, who are naturally enemies of God, can become his friends through Christ Jesus. The wrath of God, the Judge, has been satisfied fully in the death of Christ and he has left none for us to face. We can now have peace
This message is the same message that every Christian must remember and remind themselves of every day. Martyn Lloyd Jones once made note about why so many Christians are spiritually depressed. He noted that too many people listen to themseTHE LOVE ABOVE
a celebration of house music
In 2016 in Melbourne, The Love Above began as a sanctuary of house and disco in Melbourne’s underground club scene. A party in which DJs explored their record collections in search of that dusty disco banger or that forgotten King Street b-side dub mix. A place where dancers could feel safe, free, and welcome to express themselves and their individuality. The sound was house music. The mentality was freedom and love. Finally, in 2019, Ryan Berkeley, DJ Ingrid & Dawn Again (The Love Above) embarked on their journey to share their love for house music. From this, Love Above Records was formed.
WHAT WE DO
We, The Love Above are a music collective based in Melbourne, Australia. DJ Ingrid, Dawn Again and Ryan Berkeley are our names. We throw parties focusing on quality house and disco music. We DJ together with a strong passion for vinyl records, and it's always hard to tell where one collection finishes and the other begins. The Love Above & Love Above Records is an outlet in which we can share our favourite music with the world.
WHO ARE WE?
The Love Above is a collective made up of DJ Ingrid, Dawn Again and Ryan Berkeley. We throw parties focusing on quality house music. Love Above Records is an extension of our parties, featuring our favourite local and international producers. We DJ together with focus on vinyl records, and it’s always hard to tell where one collection finishes and the other begins. The Love Above & Love Above Records is an outlet in which we can share house music with the world.FEATURED News Democrats troll Trump over Virginia governor’s race | TheHill – The Hill October 16, 2021 0 Comments Democrats are trolling Donald Trump over Virginia GOP gubernatorial candidate Glenn Youngkin’s efforts to distance himself from the former president, including by flying a plane near his Mar-a-Lago r… [read more]Maryville Family Law, Probate, Personal Injury and
Criminal Defense
Experienced lawyers by your side, no matter where life leads you
Shepherd & Long, P.C. is a passionate law firm dedicated to offering expert legal services to patrons across Eastern Tennessee. We focus on providing each client with individualized care and a personal approach.
With more than 20 years of experience serving the legal needs of individuals and families in Blount and Knox Counties and the surrounding areas, our law firm focuses on the most urgent needs of Tennessee communities —family law, estate planning, personal injury, and criminal defense.
We are Shepherd & Long, P.C., and we are dedicated to providing Tennessee individuals and families with personalized, honest support for their legal issues and concerns. Get in touch with us today to find out how we can help you, too.
Guiding individuals through sensitive family situations
Tennessee has one of the highest divorce rates in the nation. And, dealing with any legal issues involving close family relationships requires a Maryville family law attorney with exceptional compassion and skill.
Allow us to guide you through the legal process for family law matters like:
- Protective orders and domestic violence
- Order modification
- Paternity
- Termination of parental rights
- Order enforcement
- Prenuptial/postnuptial agreements
- Divorce mediation
- Adoptions
- Agency and DCS adoptions
- Independent and private adoptions
- International adoptions
- Step-parent and relative adoptions
- Grandparent rights
- DCS removals
Whether you face a conflict such as the end of your marriage or need help in happy circumstances such as the adoption of a child, the attorneys at Shepherd & Long, P.C. stand by your side.
Tennessee estate planning to secure the future of your loved ones
Whether it is a large amount of assets, or a few treasured family heirlooms, everyone has a legacy. For some of our clients, a simple will may be enough for estate planning, but most couples require a little more planning. Every person’s and every family’s estate plan is unique, just like every family is unique. Talk to us about probate, power of attorney, and wills and trusts.
Helping injured people with their legal issues so they can
focus on healing
Our personal injury lawyers in Maryville have a duty to provide more than just standard, cookie-cutter legal support. Our clients are often dealing with catastrophic injuries while taking legal action to pursue compensation for their injuries – all the same time. If you suffer injuries or lose a loved one in an accident caused by the negligent or wrongful acts of others, our attorneys take on the details so you can concentrate on healing and recovery.
Our team can help you with:
- Spinal and back injuries
- Traumatic brain injury
- Burn injuries
- Nursing home neglect
- Workplace Injuries
- Wrongful death
- Car accidents
- Trucking accidents
- Motorcycle accidents
Whether your injury requires weeks or months to heal – or results in permanent disability – our attorneys work to secure you the maximum amount of compensation allowed by law.
Experienced criminal defense when you need it
Nobody ever expects to be arrested and charged with a crime. But if you do, you need to act fast. At Shepherd & Long in Maryville, we know how to jump into action and start your defense when you’re facing criminal charges like:
Why do I need an attorney for my East Tennessee case?
Municipalities frequently change the law to accommodate new issues and attitudes. Personal injury liability situations now sometimes involve technology such as the use of cell phones, social media, and text messages. And child custody law no longer automatically favors mothers when determining the best interests of the children.
We make the effort to stay current on the latest case law and statutory amendments that affect the legal cases of our clients. One small change in legislation can make a huge change in your case. And Attorney Shepherd shares this knowledge in the courses he teaches to the public and the legal community.
Contact a respected and reliable law firm in Maryville for experienced support
Whether you need an attorney who can handle your legal issues so you can focus on healing from injuries caused by negligent parties or you are facing sensitive family issues that require an attorney with the skills and experience to develop creative solutions that benefit the entire family, we can help. For more information, or to schedule a consultation with Shepherd & Long, P.C. call us at 865-982-8060 or fill out the contact form. We regularly represent clients in Madisonville, Oak Ridge, Lenoir City and throughout East Tennessee.Meet The Board
- Garibaldi Thohir President Commissioner
- Sonny Kasiman Commissioner
- Michael Christian Soekamto Commissioner
- Heindrix Liauw Independent Commissioner
Garibaldi Thohir
Born in Jakarta, on May 1st, 1965, Garibaldi Thohir has been the Group Chairman since 2007. He earned his Bachelor of Science from the University of Southern California, USA (1988) and Master of Business Administration (MBA) from Northrop University, Los Angeles, USA (1989). Apart from being involved in WahanaArtha Group, Garibaldi sits at the board in many other companies, most notably as the Group CEO of PT Adaro Energy Tbk, the largest integrated coal company in Indonesia.
- ROBBYANTO BUDIMAN Group CEO
- TAUFIK AULIA Group CFO
- Edi Setiawan Chief Marketing Officer
ROBBYANTO BUDIMAN
Born in Jakarta on Jan 14, 1967, right after he graduated fr American colleges, he immediately worked for Citibank NA Jakarta with the last position as Head of Asset Service Unit at Loans Department. He joined WahanaArtha Group in 1993 as the Managing Director until the Board chose him to be the Group CEO till now. He is responsible for all Group and Subsidiary operations. In his personal time, Robbyanto Budiman enjoys music, travelling and sports activities with his wife and three daughters. He is an avid marathoner.I never expected I would start running, let alone enjoy it.
My last experience with running was about 10 years ago, when I ran the 20km of Paris (the equivalent of a half marathon). I hadn’t run for 10 years (since high school essentially), and did it with absolutely zero training. I bought my shoes literally the day before the race. It was hard, and I couldn’t walk for a few days after that, but I was glad I did it. I had a great sense of community and citizenship, and felt it was a nice accomplishment.
Then last year I read “Shoe Dog”, the story of Nike told by it’s founder Phil Knight, and got to discover the culture around running, and the spirit that goes with it.
A few months later, I saw the New York marathon passing by my windows for the 6th time, with a number of friends running it, and for the 6th time I regretted not running it.
During the Christmas break, I realized I really wanted and needed to find a sport to practice on a regular basis, to free my mind and exercise. My go-to sport so far had been roller-skating, but I wasn’t doing a tone of it. I also broke my foot while skate-boarding 3 years ago.
It just occurred to me that if I wanted to commit to a regular sport, it had to require the most minimal setup. And that running was essentially the only sport requiring no setup at all.
Long story short, I just started running on a weekly basis, and signed up for the NYC marathon! It’s on November 3rd, and I’m running with Team for Kids, a non profit helping bring sports and physical activity to kids in the US. If you want to help support their mission through my race, here is my donation page, thank you in advance!
The Captain J.P. II is by far the largest and most lavish cruise vessel in the Capital Region of
upstate New York. It is a four deck cruise ship, certified by the United States Coast Guard to accommodate 600 passengers and seat in excess of 500 people comfortably.
The Captain J.P. II Capt. JP II is available for charter out of Troy, NY as well as New York City and Poughkeepsie, NY – please call for more information.
A review of Ben Hayward & Son by T williams written on Tuesday 25th of December 2007
As a person i think this chap talks a load of s!!t i have used this shop many times , and think the staff are helpfull. as for gary yes he uses his mobile phone to good use phoning companys for me .
great shop great staff ..Electrician Haberfield
Quick response enquiry
Haberfield Licensed Electrician Servicing NSW 2045
High quality Residential and Commercial Electrical services for Haberfield NSW 2045. We cover all aspects of your electrical needs such as:
- Internet Enabled Intercom Systems
- Wall Mounted TV Brackets
- LED Lighting Installation
- Switchboard Updates and Upgrades
- Data cabling for home and businesses
- Electronic Gate Automation Systems
We also service suburbs surrounding Haberfield, like:
- Electrician Leichhardt
- Lilyfield Electrician
- Licensed Electrician Rodd Point
- Five Dock Licensed Electrician
- Electrician in Summer Hill
- Local Electrician in Lewisham
- Canada Bay Local Electrician
So if you would like to speak to our friendly electricians and discuss your needs, just contact us on either 0447 730 993 or use one of the many contact forms on this website.Description
Set Type: no
Is Smart Device: no
Model Number: ZQQ793
Material: Plant Fiber
Plant Fiber Type: Paper Pulp
Finishing: Not Coated
Home & Garden: Nursery Pots
Suit: Garden Pots & Planters
For: Garden Supplies
Payment & Security
Your payment information is processed securely. We do not store credit card details nor have access to your credit card information.I Wish I Was Somewhere Else
I Wish I Was Somewhere Else
Acrylic on paper, unframed
20 ins x 26ins
€225 ($300) +S&H €15 ($21)
SOLD
Squares barely in view, but there nonetheless.
Or somewhere.
Somewhere else.
I Wish I Was Somewhere Else is now SOLD.
Note this painting is largish, so will be shipped in a tube unless you’re able to collect it in person in which case I’ll waive/refund the shipping charges.
In the Dublin area I can also hand deliver it courtesy of my extra-large super-duper bicycle designed for such purposes.
See more of my abstract paintings.In the past condominiums weren’t necessarily considered to be a great investment for quite a lot of reasons, nonetheless that picture has since changed dramatically. In case you’re extra of a do-it-your self individual, you can search real property web sites and listings for condos in the space you are interested in. If you have a particular building or advanced in thoughts, many supply on-web site sales workplaces where you’ll be able to be taught more concerning the condominium and even perhaps view a show suite.
Yes, things can go fallacious with a single family funding or an condominium building investment. This year the costs are greater and the numbers of models are even more higher which takes us to the residential real property’s market problems. However buying a seaside condominium can have some unfavorable aspects.
It does not matter if in case you have a household of 6 or go it solo, generally you want an ideal trip with out having to be in a lodge. Many beaches are household seashores the place the families are provided with alternatives to carry out varied enjoyable activities and help to being them closer to each other.
“I haven’t got time to take care of a yard because I’m a medical physician who works 80 hours every week, that is why I own a $2 million dollar condo in Hollywood whose association dues cowl a membership room, rooftop deck, movie show, sauna, tennis courts , workout room, weight room , and pool and spa I could own a 6000 sq. ft. dwelling in the suburbs for the same money, however I want an urban life-style with all of the facilities and shopping and I don’t desire a half-hour commute.
Ground-space ratio: controls how massive a constructing may be, based mostly on how giant the property is. The floor-area ratio (FAR) is the dimensions of the constructing divided by the scale of the lot. However, condos can resemble apartments, lofts, townhomes, or single-family properties.
Offload the development team by using business developers to write the tests.
To support Business-driven development, we have built-in Gherkin support in Boozang.
The idea is that a business analyst or product owner write the acceptance criteria for a feature using Gherkin syntax (Given, When, Then).
Cucumber is proven and used by thousand of businesses. For an exhaustive description of the Cucumber / Gherkin language see.
Use existing Cucumber reporting plugins to create stunning report visualizations.
For Jenkins, checkout the amazing plugin:
We also support a number of built-in report formats for a more detailed view, including performance reports.
Push and maintain your features with your code.
We support GitHub, BitBucket, GitLab, and Azure version control system integrations out-of-the-box.
For Enterprise-level teams, we warmly recommend maintaining your features using XRay. We integrate with XRay out-of-the-box.
Tag your tests! By using tags on module and test level it’s very easy to control test executions from your CI server.
Tag by functional area and even team and extract valuable business. Slice and dice tests how you like using and/or/not logic.1 oz. shots designed by UCLA-trained neuroscientists to help you power past stress, overcome mental blocks, and boost mental output.
1 oz. shots designed by UCLA-trained neuroscientists to help you power past stress, overcome mental blocks, and boost mental output.
Find what works for you
Personalized for your brain
Strengths for everyone.BUY NOW.
More brain food for you
You may also like
Ketones
Get into Ketosis fast to burn the most efficient fuel for the mind & body. Made with raw, premium Ketone Ester.
Clockwise
Take charge of your long-term brain aging with daily enzymes to slow long-term brain aging at a cellular level.(Photo: takomabibelot)It always ends the same way. We avert a government shutdown at the 11th hour. But once again we suffer a shutout loss for democracy. This movie re-runs as predictably as Jimmy Stewart graces your TV on Christmas day. Republicans bring us to the brink of chaos, threaten to burn the house down; Democrats capitulate, and the Republicans sell us out to their corporate sponsors. This corruption is out in the open and now codified into election law. These politicians are owned. Watching them legislate is like watching dogs sit, roll over, and give you their paw. That this is our government is humiliating to all Americans.
Let’s look at what Congress’s sponsors got this year, and how much it cost them. The biggest prize goes to Wall Street. Tucked away in the 1,600-plus page federal budget is a provision that, the New York Times documents, was actually written by the corporate lawyers at banking giant Citigroup. That’s the same Citigroup that went belly up in 2008 after gambling recklessly with investors’ money, ultimately staying solvent only because of a $50-billion-plus taxpayer bailout. The rationale for the bailout was that, as one of the world’s largest banks, they held the global economy hostage. If we die, they claimed, you die. This year they held the federal budget hostage. Of course it didn’t hurt that the finance, insurance, and real estate (FIRE) sector gifted the incoming president’s campaign with $43,744,789.
As a condition of the bailout, the government told the bankers that they would no longer be allowed to take the public’s money to the roulette table. Technically, this was done through the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2009, which is popularly known for the two legislators that authored it, Barney Frank in the House and Chris Dodd in the Senate. A major provision of Dodd-Frank prohibits banks from using money from federally insured deposits to invest in risky derivatives and commodities. But that’s also the kind of trading that makes bank executive uber-rich.
Imagine yourself having the same privilege. You go to the racetrack and place your bets. If you win, you keep the winnings. If you lose, the taxpayers refill your bank account. It’s a sweet deal. But it’s only available to mega-banks. Dodd-Frank makes that illegal. It’s not a major crime, like sharing your cigarettes on a Staten Island street, but it’s still illegal.
That little piece of plagiarized Citigroup prose inserted into the budget bill negates that part of Dodd-Frank, once again allowing financial titans to take our life savings to the casino.
This is blatant corruption in service to the mega-banks. Unlike politicians’ stands on issues like abortion, where voices in their heads command them, or unlike much of the Tea Party agenda, where they misunderstand what people in tri-cornered hats said or did a few centuries ago, none of the members of the House or Senate even attempted a lame or insane rationale for inserting this sweet deal into the budget and threatening to shut the government down if it didn’t pass. It just is what it is. There’s really no sense in trying to rationalize repealing a measure meant to prevent future bailouts of big banks. The bailouts, like the banks, were and are wildly unpopular. This is just business.
While Citigroup authored the wording for the repeal, it was Republican Congressman Kevin Yoder of Kansas who landed the dirty task of inserting it into the federal budget. For his troubles, the FIRE sector gifted his campaign with $510,200 this year. Yoder was following in the footsteps of Texas Republican Representative Jeb Hensarling, chair of the House Financial Services Committee, who shepherded a similar provision trough the Republican-controlled House last year, only to see it die in the Democrat-controlled Senate. For his troubles, FIRE corporations gave his campaign $2.3 million dollars this year.
Despite the fact that Republicans control the House with a comfortable margin, they couldn’t muster enough Republican votes to pass the budget, due to a Tea Party revolt within the party. One would think that the Tea Party folks, who were swept into office capitalizing on anti-Wall Street sentiment, just couldn’t go along with such a handout to the reviled banks. But in the end, that wasn’t their issue at all. For their tastes, the budget bill just wasn’t sufficiently cruel to immigrants. Of course this is just the budget bill, not an immigration bill, but congressional politics is so reliably dysfunctional that such antics are the new normal. If toenail fungus is your issue, and you’re a Republican, then just hold your breath, stomp your feet, and go for it. Crash the government. What the hell.
This Tea Party revolt, however, meant that getting the bill through Congress would be a fight. On the Republican side, Roll Call magazine reports that House Majority Whip Steve Scalia, Republican of Louisiana, and his deputy, Republican Patrick Henry, lobbied heavily for the bill. On the Democratic side of the isle, Minority Whip Steny Hoyer pushed members of his party to support the bill. This year the FIRE sector gave $555,000 to Scalise’s campaign, $767,000 to McHenry’s campaign, and $1.3 million to Hoyer’s campaign.
In all, 57 Democrats crossed the aisle to support the Republican leadership. This included Hoyer’s deputy, the number three ranking Democrat in the House, Jim Clyburn of South Carolina. The FIRE sector gave his campaign $605,200 this year. Most notable among the Democratic defections was Representative Jim Himes of Connecticut. He was an author of the Dodd-Frank provision that is being repealed. FIRE interests donated $1.3 million to his campaign this year.
The vast majority of Republicans who supported the bill don’t have to rationalize their vote. They were just following orders from their leader, John Boehner, who received $3.1 million this year from FIRE interests. And Republicans in the Senate were just following their leader, Mitch McConnell, who received just shy of $6 million this year from the FIRE sector. This minority of Democrats who crossed over to support Republican efforts to pass the bill, in pursuit of plausible deniability, denounced the bill they voted for, saying that Republicans blackmailed them by threatening to shut the government down before removing their corporate riders from the budget bill.
Their argument is supported not by the Democratic leader of the House, Nancy Pelosi, but by the president himself, Barack Obama. In true Democratic fashion, Obama slammed the Republicans for trying to gut Dodd-Frank, then capitulated to their political terrorism. Obama’s tempered resistance might have been influenced by the well over $20 million his campaign received from the FIRE sector in his last election. But there’s more to this than meets the eye; they gave his opponent, Mitt Romney, almost $59 million. This represented a turnaround from 2008, when they gave Obama almost $44 million, compared to the paltry $31 million they gave McCain. Apparently, Obama served them well, bailing out their industries while mostly allowing their executives to avoid prosecution and continue eating with both hands. But they seem to have little use for him now and would rather invest in assets with better corporate pedigrees and less populist rhetoric.
The take-the-banks-to-the-casino provision isn’t the only rider that Republicans snuck into the budget bill and are threatening to shut the government down to protect. Another important provision guts one of the last campaign contribution limits still in place after the 2011 Citizens United Supreme Court ruling. It raises the current limit that an individual can donate to a political party (political action committee donations are already unlimited) from the current $97,200 to over $750,000 per year. Couples can buy a seat at the table by giving a party up to $3.1 million per year.
There’s something for everyone in this budget bill. The coal industry will be allowed to dump toxic waste into Appalachian streams. The oil and gas sector paid their members of Congress for a rider that will allow them access to federal lands that would have otherwise been protected.
Some of the goodies are actually budget-related, though corporate handouts nonetheless. For instance, tax cheats will be happy to learn of a $345 million cut to the IRS operating budget, impairing tax code enforcement and auditing, which will in turn cost the government billions, while protecting the sort of criminals Republicans traditionally like to protect. In a major concession to corporate eco-criminals, the Environmental Protection Agency, which has seen its enforcement abilities weakened by five straight years of budget cuts, will now suffer another $60 million cut. If you’re a CEO with a few bricks of spent uranium in the boardroom closet, now would be a good time to toss them in the wastebasket.
And just to keep up appearances with the red meat crowd, here’s a Republican budget line that actually is not directly in service to any particular corporate lobby—a $93 million cut to the Women, Infants and Children Nutrition Program (WIC). Compared to what we’re giving away to corporate interests, this doesn’t even amount to pocket change. It’s just mean.What If: Breath of the Wild’s Story Was Told Like Ocarina of Time’s Story?
Posted on November 20 2021 by Sean Gadus
How Ocarina of Time Sets Up Its Story
In my opinion, the structure of Ocarina of Time‘s story is key to its overall effectiveness. The story of Ocarina of Time starts in the child timeline, which lets the player control a young Link for the first third of the game. The player explores the world as young Link and they start to understand the status quo of the world. They also gets a chance to take in the wonders and dangers of a vast (at least by 1990s standards) world. In their early quests, Link and the player are introduced to key characters including Zelda, Ganondorf, and most of the character who will later become Sages in the adult timeline. After collecting the three spiritual stones, Link and Zelda are tricked by a wily enemy, and they play an unwitting role in Ganondorf’s ascension to power. The moment Link lifts the Master Sword from the pedestal is a stunning story moment; a paradigm shift that transforms the game world that the player has inhabited in the first portion of the narrative.
When Link emerges from his seven year slumber, the player has to re-explore a world that has changed in their absence. While video games have come very far with technology in the past twenty five years, the relatively small size of Ocarina of Time allows the player to revisit key locations from Link’s childhood in the adult timeline. This smart design idea helps the player notice the changes that were suppose to place in the game world over seven long years. For example, there is a stark contrast between the soothing, joyous Zora’s Domain that Link visits as a child, and the frozen, empty Zora’s Domain that Link visits as an adult. Old friends and companions like Impa, Saria, Ruta, and Darunia have new roles in the adult timeline, and the player is given opportunities to bond with them once more. Many of the characters make comments about how much Link has grown since their last meetings. These reunions help further build the connection between the child and adult timelines, and they reinforce the passage of time within the game.
The idea of revisiting character and locations in the two timelines helps Ocarina of Time explore nostalgia for and heartbreak related to the past. The player does not just hate Ganondorf because Zelda tell us that he is “the man with evil eyes” when Link was a child. Instead, through Link’s eyes, the player has seen the damage Ganondorf has done to the world and its inhabitant. Fundamentally, Ocarina of Time needs the child timeline for its adult storyline to have its greatest impact.
How Breath of the Wild‘s Story Could Have Been Adjusted To Give The Past Greater Weight
Overall, my idea for how to make Breath of the Wild’s story flow more like Ocarina of Time is to include a 5-10 hour prologue that would take place one hundred years before Link wakes up at the start of the game. This prologue section would be “wide linear,” with Link visiting key locations across the game world. This would include the major towns and other important locations like the outskirts of Fort Hateno. The towns and landscapes around key areas would be explorable like the main game, but the true open world would not yet be fully available. For example, one mission might take place in Goron City, and another mission would allow the player to explore the cliffs around Zora’s Domain. For anyone who has played Uncharted 4, the explorable spaces would be similar to the Madascar section of Uncharted 4. In this section of Uncharted 4, the player explores one large open space, but there is a clear objective that progresses the story (along with some optional side challenges).
This prologue would allow Link to meet and engage with key characters from the past at the very beginning of the game, rather than at its middle or end. These missions would establish an initial “status quo” for what Hyrule is like, how Link and Zelda interact, and who the other four Champions are. For example, Link might have to help Daruk with a task around Death Mountain, and the quest and accompanying cutscenes could help the player make a connection with the Champion at the start of the story. One major challenge with this prologue idea is that there would need to be some type of gate or unclimbable surface that would keep people from going too far off the beaten path during early missions. These restrictions would disappear in the main game world once the open world is fully available to the player.
This prologue section of the game would end with the arrival of Calamity Ganon. Link and Zelda’s last stand outside of Fort Hateno would be playable, rather than just a cutscene. An endless amount of Guardians would attack Link, and the player would have to fight off as many guardians as they could. Once the player ran out of hearts, Link’s death cutscene (the final memory in the game) would trigger. This would lead directly into Link waking up at the Shrine of Resurrection. From here, the game would function almost identically to the original game. Link could go straight to Hyrule Castle, free the Divine Beasts, or just explore the overworld. Optional memories could still be utilized, giving the player additional scenes between Link, Zelda, and the other core characters, characters that the player may now feel more connected to.
I would also note that the Zelda series is not the only Nintendo franchise to have a two timeline or two era story. Intelligence Systems’ brilliant tactical RPG Fire Emblem: Three Houses also has a story that spans two time periods. The story of Fire Emblem: Three Houses utilizes an approach similar to Ocarina of Time, with a key story event triggering the change in time periods. Much like Ocarina of Time, the narrative structure of Three Houses helps the player build connections with key support characters early in the story. When those characters reappear after a time jump, many players have a palpable sense of joy and satisfaction at seeing their allies again.
How Introducing The Past Would First Would Reshape The Narrative of Breath of the Wild
Overall, I believe that a prologue or introduction section would help give the past more emphasis, and I think it would make the story of Breath of the Wild more impactful. Within Breath of the Wild (baring Age of Calamity, which I will address in the conclusion), the events of one hundred years ago are not well explained, and the player does not have a real way to connect to The Champions outsides of some brief memories. These four characters, who are some of the best characters in the game, are already dead by the time of Breath of the Wild‘s main story. Besides one brief cutscene at each of The Champion’s home town and their spectral presences within the Divine Beasts, the player has no concrete way to interact with and learn about these key characters. It is asking a lot of the audience to feel invested in character relationships that they never saw develop during the game.
Some adjustments in the narrative structure might also add more gravitas and emotion to the confrontations with the Blights. Rather than Link avenging a significant but distant stranger, the confrontations with the Blights beomes more of a way for Link to avenge the death of his close friends. The short prologue section could lay the groundwork for why the player should hate the Blights and Calamity Ganon. Seeing Ganon devastate the world would also heighten the emotional stakes for the final battle at Hyrule Castle. By giving more detail to and focus on the events of the past, the story can more clearly show how Link is coming face to face with the force that tore his world apart. After Ganon put Link, Zelda, and the Champions through hell, Link has a chance deal out justice for everyone and everything has the monster has taken away from him. The defeat of Calamity Ganon could provide closure for the apocalyptic tragedy that shaped Link and Zelda.
Conclusion
Ocarina of Time and Breath of the Wild are two great games, and each game has had a major impact on gaming. But in a direct comparison of the two, I believe that Ocarina of Time capitalizes on its two timeline story in a way that Breath of the Wild fails to. While Ocarina of Time‘s story is quite simple, that does not mean that the story is ineffective. The straightforward narrative allows Nintendo to chart an engaging “Hero’s Journey” storyline about a character and world growing and changing. The linear nature of Ocarina of Time allowed the designers to craft a story that transitions from one era to another seamlessly, and the team uses the changes in the game world to emphasize the themes of the story.
Overall, the story of Breath of the Wild is much stronger in concept than execution. Unfortunately, the key story moments and powerful themes found within the game are too thinly spread out in the game’s run time. Breath of the Wild even features some of the most emotional cutscenes in any Zelda, like the one where Link comforts a distraught, weeping Zelda, but they scattered across the overworld. Many of these powerful moments can be easily missed or found randomly, which I think is a frustrating way to experience a story. It seems like the restrictions and challenges of open world storytelling make it difficult to create a narrative that moves as smoothly as Ocarina of Time‘s story does. While Nintendo has moved away from the linear nature of previous 3D Zelda games, it is fascinating to think about what effects some linearity or more scripted events could have on Breath of the Wild’s story. Is there a design and storytelling compromise that Nintendo can reach for Breath of the Wild’s sequel?
Despite its strange place in canon, Hyrule Warriors: Age of Calamity is an interesting wrinkle in discussing Breath of the Wild‘s story and characters. The Dynasty Warriors style game, set in a version of Breath of the Wild‘s past, is quite effective at building the connection between the player and different characters from the past. By allowing the player to interact and take on the role of key characters (like the four Champions), the game is endearing and connecting the player to those characters. In short, I believe that Breath of the Wild and its narrative will likely benefit long term from character moments and storylines present in Age of Calamity. Regardless, it is important to remember that these moments are not present in Breath of the Wild, but instead part of a subsequent spin-off game.
Perhaps Nintendo will return to a more linear design at some point in the future, or find a happy medium. Until then, this topic is one big “what if”?
Sean Gadus is an Associate Editor at Zelda Dungeon. His first Zelda game was Ocarina of Time and he loves the 3D Zelda games from 1998-2011. He is currently exploring Edward’s Island in Oxenfree for the third time. Additionally, he is currently reading the newly released Star Wars novel Thrawn Ascendancy: Lesser Evil and Philip Pullman’s His Dark Materials. He is excited for the 2021 Cleveland Cavaliers season. He wants to help build a kinder, more compassionate world.
Posted On
- November 20 2021 by Sean GadusRevotec partnership was established in 2008. Currently Revotec is involved in electronic devices production according to delivered documentation. Those are the products which are devoted to complex project realization of information and communications technology for public and private sector. In our portfolio You will find intercom systems, alarm terminals, public information systems such as infokiosks and infopanels, and complex solutions for penitentiaries such as the prison guard.
With an approach, which the goal is to provide our clients reliable, strictly adjusted to their needs solutions, many of our products found its usage in companies and institutions throughout the country. If You decide for cooperation with our company You will meet with pleasant, reliable and professional service. We have young, qualified and ambitious personnel, providing potential and a future of the Revotec. Thanks to our passion we are always able to offer You products and services with the highest quality.
Revotec is functioning with the highest business standards, and due to natural environment. It guarantees an efficiently functioning Integrated System for Quality and Environment Managing according to ISO 9001:2008 and ISO 14001:2004 norms.My wife, Mary Ann, sits in the chair next to me. Molly, our Welsh Terrier, lies beside me on the couch, her front paws hanging slightly over the edge of the beige cushion, her back ones daintily crossed behind her. A table lamp casts a glow on Mary Ann’s smooth, soft face and highlights her light brown hair. We are watching (undoubtedly for the tenth time) a rerun of Everyone Loves Raymond. It’s the first moment of normalcy in the last four and a half months. Then, I glance at her walker, the portable table, the flowered box holding a mass of medication, and the moment is gone. I’m back at the hospital.
A nurse is dragging me away from the doorway of my wife’s frenzied, white coat-filled room. She says, “I’m the supervising nurse. The doctor has been trying to resuscitate your wife for some time now. He’ll probably be out in a few minutes to talk to you. I wanted you to be prepared.”
The laughter from Raymond’s audience and a question from Mary Ann bring me back.
“What’s wrong, honey?” she asks.
I give my usual response. “Nothing.”
She continues to lovingly prod.
I continue to polly-parrot my reply.
After a few minutes, I blurt out the most insensitive thing I could say after all she has been through, “You have no idea what it was like those 24 minutes you were dead.”
Not hurt, but compassion wells in her eyes. “It could help if you talk about,” she says.
I don’t respond.
“If you can’t talk about it, maybe you should write about it.”
“That’s a good idea,” I tell her, knowing that I can’t; it’s too fresh.
You should wait to write about that; it’s too soon. It’s advice I’ve both given and received, and I’ve always adhered to the principle peremptorily. But lately, I’ve been giving it a little thought. Why not write about an overwhelming experience, a life changing encounter or incident while you’re able to remember it clearly?
The answer, in a quick analogy, could be the same reason you have to stand back from a painting to appreciate the work of art. If you stand too close, you don’t see the whole picture. Another, slightly more apropos parallel for the writer could be gleaned from this Buddhist pearl:
Imagine standing on the bank of a river. There are two shores: the one you are standing on and the one you are looking across to. In reality, there are not two shores, only one, for if you were to walk to the source of the river then around it to the point you were looking at, you would be on the same shore.
If the walk along the shore represents our, the memoirists, lives, we stand at one point, looking back or across to where we have been. Our place on the shore, point of view, determines what we see and influences the voice or voices we use to tell about it. How we see and feel about something changes, determined by where we are when we look back or across to it.
The dire moments not only affect us while they happen, they continue shape and mold us as we move on from them. We may never know why something has happened, but the picture can become clearer as we move away from the event.
The ordeal in the hospital is immutable, but the story, how different it has become already. I have seen Mary Ann and my love deepen. I have watched us grow and become closer. I have become a better (not sure if Mary Ann would totally agree) person. My life, my voice, has changed.
“If you can’t talk about it, maybe you could write about it.” she said.
“That’s a good idea,” I told her, knowing I couldn’t…
Powerful. You couldn’t . . . and then you did, and probably had to.
I’m sorry you and your wife have had to go through such trauma. I hope the healing continues.
I write about disaster in all its messy phases — when it’s new, when it fades and shifts and changes. Sometimes, early on, I just write words and phrases, or lists, bits to work with and piece together later. I have a terrible memory — made much worse by a recent, bad concussion — so I feel the need to write everything down lately, as it unfolds. You’re right, that the shoreline changes as we move, but I like to have the transcription of that tree, that shadow, that wave ripple on the river, just as I saw them, the first time.JIS G3539 Grade SWCH10R - Low Carbon Steel - MatmatchJis Standard G3539 Mn P S Al. high temperature resistance of SWCH15R carbon steel plate JIS G3507 Grade SWRCH10A Low Carbon Steel MatmatchGrade SWCH12A is a low carbon steel for cold heading/forming that does not have an exact equivalent in ISO or DIN EN standards,
JIS G3507-1 SWRCH18AJIS G3507-1 SWRCH22A . Diameter:From 2.00 m/m to 20 m/m. PROCESS:HD, SAIP, PASAIP, SAFS. Phosphate & Lube
We will evaluate your request for JIS G3539 Grade SWCH12R and get back to you soon. Ask a technical question Request a quotation. Suggested reading. ASTM A1018. ASTM A108 Carbon and Alloy Steel Bars. ASTM A479 Stainless Steel . ASTM A53 Carbon
JIS SWCH 10K JIS G3539 - BBN STEEL STORESThereafter, the JIS SWCH 10K JIS G3539 is ability to resist deformation is obviously reduced, and a large plastic deformation occurs at the weakest point, where the section of the specimen shrinks rapidly, leading to necking until fracture.
JIS SWCH 45K JIS G3539 - BBN STEEL STORESIntroduction; chemical; mechanical; physical; messages; JIS SWCH 45K JIS G3539 Introduction. As experienced JIS SWCH 45K JIS G3539 supplier, we can not only provide clients with quantity guaranteed JIS products, but also offer good price and equipped with complete after sales service. Besides, there are also a series of added value service, such as information share with clients, including JIS
Introduction; chemical; mechanical; physical; messages; JIS SWCH 6A JIS G3539 Introduction. SWCH 6A steel sheet, SWCH 6A steel density, SWCH 6A grade, SWCH 6A specification, SWCH 6A chemistry, SWCH 6A equivalent, SWCH 6A steel equivalent, SWCH 6A yield strength, SWCH 6A steel plate thickness chart, JIS SWCH 6A JIS G3539 physical properties,Mechanical Properties of JIS SWCH 6A JIS G3539
Jis Standard G3507 - Universitas SemarangJis Standard G3507 product standards southern steel. jis g4501 s45c jis g4501 s45c automotive steel join win. jis g 3507 1 2010 techstreet technical information. jis g3507 grade swrch22a matmatch. jis standards for steel materials total materia
SWCH12A:JIS G 3507 :Carbon steels for cold heading SWCH12K:JIS G 3507 :Carbon steels for cold heading SWCH12R:JIS G 3507 :Carbon steels for cold heading JIS G 3507 :Carbon steels for cold heading SWCH8R:JIS G 3507 :Carbon steels for cold heading :Is this information useful?
SWCH12A steel wire rods,JIS G3507 steel wire rods - JOIN SWCH12A carbon steel wire rods for cold heading. SWCH12A carbon steel wire rods is Aluminum killed steel . SWCH12A is in the Japanese Industrial Standard JIS G3507 Part 2 :Wires . Standard :JIS G3507 Grade :SWCH12A Brand :Royal Size of wire diameter :5.5-34mm. SWCH12A annealing steel wire rods process methods :
SWCH16A / SWCH 16A
Assortment:Yield point or Proof stress:Tensile strength:Elongation:Reduction of area:Charpy impact strength-N/mm 2:N/mm 2:J/cm 2:Wires :370 :55 / Pipe SWRCH10R Sheet / Plate SWRCH10R Strip / Coil SWRCH10R Wire SWRCH10R Forging SWRCH10R Tube / Pipe TEL:+86-80247006SWCH12A and SWCH12R material - Automotive Engineering Nov 07, 2005 · TVP (Materials) 5 Nov 05 23:30 JIS G 3507 describes wire rods (hot-rolled) and JIS G 3539 describes wire (cold-drawn). Grade SWCH12A is a low carbon steel for cold heading/forming that does not have an exact equivalent in ISO or DIN EN standards, becauseIt's been a surprisingly good year for horror games, with big-name hits like Resident Evil 7 and Outlast 2 sharing the spotlight with smaller-scale gems like Little Nightmares and Observer. But the year isn't over yet! There are tons of awesome horror games on the horizon for later this year, and plenty to look forward to in 2018 and beyond.
Below you'll find our list spotlighting 29 of the scariest looking upcoming horror games, from quiet, side-scrolling adventures with major Silent Hill vibes to spooky sci-fi ghost stories to some of the most violent and demonic hellscapes we've ever seen in a game before.
Note: Since so many of these games are still in development, the platforms and release dates listed below are subject to change.
Continue reading… outs. And suddenly making a school or club team seemed trivial. Suddenly, again, I was forced to think about children and their very brave teachers being murdered in their schools.
School is meant to be a place of learning and growth. It's often not perfect, and some days are better than others. But it's meant to be a place where life-long friends are made. It's not meant to be a place where children die. The hallways should ring with the sounds of children's voices as they change classes, not the screams of terror or the cries of the wounded and dying.
This issue is not about your stance on guns. Or your political party choice. It's about children being murdered because someone was angry or disturbed. It's about teachers and coaches sacrificing their lives to save their students. I do not claim to know the answer to this epidemic. What I know is that one child lost is too many.
It's not enough for political leaders to offer their prayers after such an event. I cannot, and do not wish to, know the pain these families are feeling. But if my child were ever murdered by a stranger with an assault rifle, some politician offering a hollow promise to 'end these tragedies' would not comfort me.
After each of these events, we say 'never again.' And then it happens. Again. It happened in Colorado. And we said never again. Then it happened in Kentucky and Washington state. It happened in Pennsylvania and Sandy Hook. It happened at Virginia Tech. Now, it's happened in Florida. Each time, we vow never again. And then it happens in the places I didn't mention.
Everyday, I send my two children off to school. Not once have I wondered if I would see them again. But then I'm sure the parents who have lost theirs to this violence didn't either. On Thursday morning, that terrible thought entered my head. I talked with my children about what they would do if it happened in their schools. That's not a conversation I ever wished to have.
Hug your children. Tell them how much you love them. Every day. Even when they are on your last nerve. We know now that we cannot take anything for granted. The one thing that all the sites of school shootings have in common is that no one there thought it could happen in their town. But it will happen again. It will continue to happen until we stop the madness.Excellent Vintage NY Meyer Bros. 4MM alto saxophone mouthpiece Japan YSNM1. Charges are the buyers responsibility. We do not mark merchandise values below value or mark items as "gifts" - US and International.Government regulations prohibit such behavior. The item "Excellent Vintage NY Meyer Bros. 4MM alto saxophone mouthpiece Japan YSNM1" is in sale since Friday, August 16, 2019. This item is in the category "Musical Instruments & Gear\Wind & Woodwind\Band & Orchestral\Saxophones".
The seller is "japan-tantalizing-instruments-store" and is located in Hino Tokyo. This item can be shipped worldwide.This is 2 vol set is also vols 7 & 8 of the Harmonic Series. This has to be one of the best self improvement books ever published, going through each step to take a person to living a worthy and beneficial life. The authors and editors take great efforts to teach the reader, not only the why one needs to grow spiritually but how to do so, with proven techniques and practices.
The ancient Jews were not different from other nations in having occult schools and institutions in which secret doctrines were inculcated and imparted to neophytes, or the sons of the prophets, as they are termed in the Bible..
Around the world the serpent is held in fear, awe, and reverence, all being traced back to a serpent cult.
Arguments posed to Christians about the validity of their claims in 7 articulated books in the early centuries of that religion. Many of the arguments could still be used to challenge Christianity's claims.
An article by the author about the hymns, prior to these Hymns being published in his book...
A new look at the meaning of the Seventh Seal, first related by St. John in his Revelations. This is almost a Christian kabbalistic approach to define or explain the 7th seal. It is much better than the myths that modern preachers propose..
An exhaustive scientific treatise on Sex, its Nature and Function, and its influence on Art, Architecture, and Religion - Sex Worship and Symbolism
Are your sex organs the origin of your religion?
My main object has been to give the life history of a primitive motive in the development of the race, and to emphasize the dynamic significance of this motive. Later other motives may be dealt with in more detail if it is proved that both in normal and abnormal psychology we may best understand the mental development of the individual through our knowledge of the development of the race. ~ Author..Gold And Silver Iras
Goldco Is Placed # 1 away from All Gold Individual Retirement Account Providers
Goldco is the very best gold IRA investment company around. The rates are fair, and also the security is unparalleled. The company takes a very personable approach to its own clients while additionally guaranteeing faster as well as simpler profile control with unmatched professionalism.
There is a wide array of flexible account options, and the profile holder possesses personal command over each facet. It is actually perfect for superior development as well as returns, as you will definitely find in our Goldco evaluation.
Godco Pros & Disadvantages
Advantages
– A long past history of experience (15 years as well as checking).
– A+ Better Business Bureau ranking (as well as really high ratings across the board).
– Specializes in rare-earth element IRAs.
– Focuses on customer expertise.
– Excellent value for price.
Disadvantages
– Minimum called for investment of $25,000.
The Bottom Line – Do Our Experts Suggest Goldco?
Goldco is among the only client-focused gold investment firm. It places the clients’ enthusiasms initially and also offers education on all issues before one commits. It also practices a client-centered version that allows for far better specific command over funds and also accounts.
Gold And Silver Iras
Goldco supplies numerous storing options, excellent IRS-approved precious metal items, as well as full openness of all expenses prior to any type of contracts are actually signed. They are a reliable provider with a lengthy past history of creating customers happy.
Most of us understand the stock market has its ups as well as downs. When recessions strike, individuals often tend to panic. Shares, connections, investment funds, and other abstract properties can easily modify dramatically in market value. Bodily gold or even gold and silvers are actually a great deal less inconsistent and probably to change in worth. Essentially, the truly worth of gold simply ever increases. It is actually an exceptional expenditure to aid balance out retirement.
“Goldco resides in my point of view on of the greatest gold individual retirement account investment company available. The costs are fair, as well as the protection is unmatched.”
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – Famous Gold Entrepreneur
GoldCo Pricing Info.
There are actually a number of expenses for Goldco account owners, both single as well as yearly. Do not panic; they’re rather affordable. In addition, there are actually incentives for those that invest a great deal.
The single charges consist of a $fifty individual retirement account setup charge as well as a $30 cord fee. The yearly fees feature an $80 routine maintenance charge as well as a $one hundred-$ 150 storing fee, relying on if you select non-segregated or isolated storage.
There are actually three storing alternatives: DDSC non-segregated storing for $100, Brinks Salt Lake Metropolitan area non-segregated storage space for $one hundred, and also IDS Texas isolated storing for $150.
Having said that, if you create a first expenditure of $50,000 or even additional, the fees will certainly be actually waived for the 1st year. There is actually also a 5% back in free metals.
Goldco Lowest Investments and
Prices
To set up a profile with Goldco you must provide the minimal financial investment of $25,000 for Individual retirement accounts or $3,500 for non-IRAs. It is a large amount to put in right at the start, however it is effectively worth it. Incorporating a substantial initial settlement to your individual retirement account will definitely get and protect your retirement plan.
As for costs and also costs are actually involved, there’s not much to fret about along with Goldco. The one-time expenses prove out, as well as the annuals charges are actually even more thus. Depending on the protector as well as storing alternatives you choose to opt for, the rates are going to vary, however normally speaking, they are certainly not too high.
The bigger your preliminary investment, the even more perks you will certainly acquire. If the volume ends $50,000, you will certainly not have to pay out charges for the very first year, and also you are going to be given a 5% back in rare-earth elements that you can contribute to your individual retirement account. This offer is great as it is going to very literally offer you totally free loan.
Gold And Silver Iras
Goldco Client Testimonials
Goldco is top-rated by customers. They hardly have issues as well as have possessed none in the final 3 years. The Bbb measures them an A+, and Individual Issues gives them nearly 5 star. No matter where you search, customer and also organization evaluations are actually virtually unanimously best.
Goldco Independent 3rd Celebration
Client Customer Reviews
There is actually basically nothing bad to be discovered in any kind of Goldco testimonial. Clients consistently leave pleased along with their expertise. Goldco cares about what people consider all of them, and it shows. They put a great deal of effort in to maintaining business buyer alliance. They fixed the few complaints that have ever before emerged before promptly.
It is virtually impossible to obtain a group of individuals to settle on one thing, but when it comes to Goldco, very most offer it a top-notch ranking. That’s quite outstanding.
Some commonalities in between points people discuss in their customer reviews are actually the decent rates, the welcoming as well as handy staff, swift and expert administration, and also the simplicity along with which documentation as well as purchases look at. That’s a set that’s challenging to come through nowadays.
Gold Resource Score: 9.8/ 10
AUGUSTA PRECIOUS METALS
Pros:
• In addition to giving Gold and Silver Individual Retirement Accounts, Augusta Gold and silvers likewise gives pieces as well as bars up for sale for private expenditures.
• Freight as well as insurance coverage are consisted of free of cost along with all investments.
• Augusta Priceless Metals is actually very measured as well as well-trusted.
Disadvantages
• The complete listing of IRA-eligible silver and gold pieces isn’t listed on the website.
What is Augusta Priceless Metals?
August Priceless Metals is actually a gold investment company that may assist individuals expand their assets collection by incorporating gold and silver. They offer silver and also gold coins as well as gold and can easily likewise assist individuals put together brand new Gold and silvers IRAs or even carry over an existing retirement account right into a Gold or Silver IRA.
Possess you chose it is actually finally time to diversify your portfolio by buying rare-earth elements? Or even, possibly you’ve been hearing some good things about buying silver and gold, yet aren’t pretty certain if it is the best monetary propose you. Whether you prepare to flirt, or just looking to know a little bit extra concerning acquiring precious metals, you’ll wish to have a look at Augusta Valuable Metals.
Augusta Priceless Metals is a gold investment firm that helps individuals purchase gold and silver for personal financial investments in addition to establishing Gold or Silver IRAs for retired life. If you are actually wondering whether Augusta Precious Metals is the best gold investment company to select out of the various alternatives on the market, take a couple of minutes to read through our testimonial. Our experts’ll share even more about the business, the companies they supply, as well as some pros and cons associated with selecting Augusta Valuable Metals over some other gold investment companies.
Augusta Valuable Metals is actually dedicated to provide superior client service to their clients. Each participant of the staff is actually competent, skilled, and also prepared to deliver support and advice to individuals trying to acquire gold and silvers. The provider’s website discussed their top three devotions to their consumers: being actually completely clear along with prices as well as expenses, streamlining the method and also performing 95% of the investigation for customers, and helping each private personalize their collection to meet their individual demands.
Augusta Valuable Metals possesses an A+ rating from the Bbb, the highest rating feasible from TrustLink, 4.8 out of 5 celebrities from Google assessments, 4,8 out of 5 stars coming from Facebook customer reviews, as well as an AAA ranking from your business Customer Collaboration. These reviews coming from highly contented clients must entice individuals who are on the fence concerning utilizing Augusta Rare-earth elements that they are a highly-trusted as well as credible firm.
Gold and Silver IRAs.
Among the main solutions Augusta Rare-earth elements delivers is actually helping individuals set up a brand-new Gold or Silver individual retirement account or even rollover an existing retirement account in to a Gold or Silver Individual Retirement Account. Purchasing gold and silver may aid transform your collection and also protect you versus the dryness of the stock market. Acquiring rare-earth elements also permits you to dodge against rising cost of living if the worth of the dollar lowers.
Silver and gold have actually been highly-sough after for several years and also there is actually no sign that that is actually mosting likely to change. Liquidating these metals is also quick as well as quick and easy, which is actually not therefore along with various other forms of investment, like property. Gold and Silver Individual retirement accounts are actually a form of self-directed IRAs and also provide the very same income tax advantages of other retirement life assets accounts.
Establishing a Silver Or Gold Individual Retirement Account along with Augusta Priceless Metals is actually simple. They’ve sleek the procedure, so it won’t take much of your time to receive everything set up and also receive a few of your amount of money acquired rare-earth elements.
The first step is actually to team up with one of Augusta Precious Metals self-reliant individual retirement account managers to set up your new individual retirement account. You’ll then money you account, either with individual loan or with the funds from an existing retirement account. The moment the profile is moneyed, you can include some of the many IRA-eligible gold and silver coins given through Augusta Metals to your account.
If you aren’t certain whether your existing retirement account is entitled for a roll-over, get in touch with a participant of the team at Augusta Rare-earth elements, and they may partner with you to establish if it is actually eligible. Augusta Precious Metals vetted countless Gold and Silver individual retirement account protector business and selected merely the most effective to work with their customers. The available custodians include: Equity Leave, GoldStar Trust Company, and also Empire Depend on. When you team up with any of these protectors, a participant of the Augusta Precious Metals will work together with you as a liaison.
Delivering as well as Insurance.
Transporting as well as insurance policy are included for free along with all buy from Augusta Valuable Metals. If you are actually purchasing gold or silver for an IRA, they are going to be actually firmly supplied to the IRS-approved depository you selected where they are going to also be entirely insured. If you safewill only be actually guaranteed till you sign for them, and after that you will definitely desire to take care of discovering safe and secure storing as well as obtaining brand-new insurance policy.
All deliveries from Augusta Metals are actually quietly packaged to further secure your financial investment. Most orders ship within 7 to 10 service times after the investment is complete. As soon as the purchase is delivered, you are going to obtain an email along with tracking relevant information.
Functions.
1. They may assist you establish a new Precious Metals individual retirement account or roll-over an existing retirement account into a Valuable Metals IRA.
2. Purchasing silver or gold along with Augusta Gold and silvers may expand your portfolio as well as provide monetary safety and security.
3. Augusta Priceless Metals possesses structured the process for putting together an individual retirement account so it is quick as well as very easy.
4. Members of the crew are actually available if you have inquiries or even require help obtaining your individual retirement account put together.
5. Aside from establishing a Valuable Metals IRA, Augusta Precious Metals also gives gold and silver offer for sale for individual financial investments.
6. There is actually a large choice of IRA-approved coins as well as other gold and silver gold and costs coins accessible for purchase.
7. Individual retirement account silver and gold coins are actually held in a secure IRS-approved establishment.
8. If you make a private assets, you reside in command along with where you would like to store your coins.
9. The internet site provides a variety of information, devices, and also relevant information to assist people find out more about setting up a Silver or gold IRA as well as acquiring metals.
10. They are really highly measured with Google.com, TrustLink, the Bbb, as well as several other sources.
Last Judgment.
If you are ready to expand your investments through acquiring silver and gold, either by means of a Priceless Metals IRA or a personal assets, Augusta Gold and silvers may help. Their website is actually logical and also their employee are actually incredibly competent as well as receptive to aid you get all the information as well as solutions you need before transmitting funds as well as acquiring gold or silver. See their site today to begin!
1. What Is Actually A Gold Individual Retirement Account Carry Over?
A Gold IRA Roll-over is actually when you relocate a retirement account to a Self-Directed IRA keeping bodily metals at an IRS accepted depository for its own owner.
2. Past Of Gold IRAs.
IRAs were first presented in 1974 when Congress passed the Employee Retirement Income Surveillance Action. However it wasn’t until the Taxpayer Alleviation Action of 1997 was actually passed that people were permitted to hold certain gold and silvers, including gold, silver, platinum eagle and also palladium in their pension.
Gold And Silver Iras
3. What Kind Of Retired Life Accounts Qualify For A Gold Individual Retirement Account Carry Over?
IRAs.
You can easily transmit any kind of existing Traditional individual retirement account, Roth IRA, SEP IRA, Straightforward Individual Retirement Account or Personal Directed IRA to a gold IRA.
401( k) s.
If you have an inactive 401( k), suggesting you no more work with the company that developed it, you can execute a gold IRA roll-over. If you more than 59.5 years old as well as have a present 401( k) by means of an existing company, you may be eligible for an “in-service” distribution, permitting you to perform a predisposed gold IRA rollover.
403( b) s.
A 403( b) planning is actually a retirement account provided to employees of open colleges and also tax obligation excused institutions. You can easily finish a carry over with a 403( b) plan after you have actually cancelled job. And also sometimes, you may do a limited gold IRA transactions after you’ve transformed 59.5 via an “in-service” circulation.
457( b) s.
A 457( b) strategy is actually a pension provided to state and also municipality staff members, like police officers, firefighters and various other civil servants. A gold individual retirement account roll-over is merely permitted with 457( b) organizes the moment work is actually terminated or even in many cases at 70.5 years of age if still operating.
TSPs.
Second Hand Cost savings Plannings are actually government-sponsored pension for Federal workers, such as civil servants and also armed forces. You can perform a gold IRA rollover along with a TSP plan when employment is ended. And in some cases, you have the capacity to carry out a predisposed gold individual retirement account roll-over using an “in-service” distribution if you have actually arrived at 59.5 years old.
4. How Do I Transmission My Existing Pension to Rare-earth Elements.
If you want to relocate your existing retirement account, you need to first establish a Personal Directed IRA along with a protector that allows you to hold bodily gold and silvers. Your selected gold dealer is most likely to become authorized along with many managers for you to choose from. The majority of metals dealers will definitely additionally aid you to finish the documentation to make certain a smooth move.
Moving From A Typical, Roth Or Even SEP IRA.
If you’re relocating funds coming from your existing IRA to a new Personal Directed profile, you’ll merely accomplish a transactions request form with your new treatment. Your transactions request kind has your existing individual retirement account’s fundamental info, including the current protector, your title, account amount, as well as the amount you are actually moving.
Relocating funds in between Individual retirement accounts are actually thought about a straight transmission because you never take possession of their funds.
A straight transmission typically takes in between 10 and 2 week. You can easily accelerate the procedure if your existing custodian allows faxed move request papers and also if they’ll deliver your funds through wire rather than examination.
Roll-over Coming From A 401( k), 403( b), 457( b) Or tablespoon.
If you’re relocating funds from a 401( k), 403( b), 457( b) or TSP account to a brand-new Personal Directed rare-earth elements individual retirement account, it’s gotten in touch with a rollover. A carry over is actually enabled when you modify projects or even have actually retired. If you more than 59.5 years old and still hired with the company that generated your 401( k), you may qualify for an in-service distribution. An in-service circulation will enable you to carry out a predisposed carry over, so talk with your program administrator to confirm if you train.
There are actually 2 distinct types of roll-overs, immediate and also secondary.
Indirect carry overs usually tend to become more complex. Along with a secondary rollover, your existing 401( k) service provider delivers you a check for the earnings that you deposit right into your personal bank account. You at that point possess 60 days to re-deposit those funds into your brand new individual retirement account. Failing to reinvest the monies right into an IRS-approved program within the set aside 60 days produces a taxable celebration and also if you are actually under 59.5 years old, you will certainly additionally incur a 10% fine.
A straight transmission in between protectors is actually less complicated. With a straight transfer, your 401( k) supplier will certainly give out an examination owed to your brand-new protector. They will certainly after that forward the check to you to ahead or even they are going to send it straight to the custodian in your place.
Most 401( k) suppliers may initiate your gold IRA rollover vocally over the phone. Government-sponsored pension require you to finish their personal inner carry over documents. The comprehensive rollover procedure may take between 2 as well as 6 weeks.
Keep in mind: The IRS only enables one rollover (per profile) throughout twelve month. Nevertheless, you are permitted unrestricted protector to custodian moves.
5. Knowing Tax Obligations and also Called For Minimum Circulations (RMDs).
When you move your existing individual retirement account to your new self-directed profile, it is certainly not a taxed occasion due to the fact that you are moving funds in between trained, tax-deferred plans. The exact same rules relate if you do a rollover from a 401( k), 403( b), 457( b), or tablespoon.
Exactly how Do I Take Required Minimum Distributions From My Brand-new Profile?
An RMD is actually the minimal quantity you must withdraw annually as soon as you have actually achieved 72. The previous threshold was actually 70.5 yet is actually currently 72 as a result of improvements executed in the Specifying Every Neighborhood Up for Retirement Enhancement (SECURE) Process.
All pension except Roths undergo RMDs.
The custodian works out RMDs by separating the previous year’s profile difference on December 31st through a distribution time period from the IRS’s “Attire Life-time Table.” As soon as you’re 72 years of age, your custodian will certainly provide you along with the lowest volume you must withdraw every year.
Besides a cash money RMD, you have the alternative to take an “in-kind” circulation, whereas the vault is going to ship your metallics to your residence.
When you request a cash money distribution, the majority of custodians will send out ACH remittances free of charge and on any kind of timeline you select. Please, consult your tax professional to determine the taxes related to your RMD.
6. Picking Your New Manager.
Certain kinds of physical gold, silver, platinum and also palladium are officially allowable in an IRA, certainly not all managers give this service. Below is actually a listing of “12 Popular Personal Directed Custodians” that use physical gold and silvers accounts. The protectors provided either bill a level expense or a sliding scale based on profile market value. Commonly, level fee constructs are actually extra economical.Seahawks claim ex-Colts QB Jacob Eason off waivers
RENTON, Wash. (AP) — The Seattle Seahawks claimed Jacob Eason off waivers on Wednesday, adding another quarterback to the roster while Russell Wilson is out following finger surgery.
Eason was waived by the Indianapolis Colts on Tuesday. He was a fourth-round pick of the Colts in 2020, but has appeared in just one game, attempting five passes earlier this season against the Los Angeles Rams.
Eason will be returning to his home state to the Seahawks. He was one of the top recruits in the country as a high school senior in Lake Stevens, Washington and started his college career at Georgia. Eason transferred home to Washington following his sophomore season and was a one-year starter for the Huskies in 2019. Eason threw for 3,132 yards and 23 touchdowns in his only season for the Huskies.
Eason will join Geno Smith and Jake Luton, also a Washington native, as quarterbacks on Seattle’s active roster.
___
More AP NFL coverage: andOur Cold Room facility was completed & commissioned on 16th February 2017 at Sen-Raleigh More, Panchgachiya,Asansol. We Provide the cold room space as rental basis.
The location of our Cold Room is giving our clients ample scope for expanding their business in Western Part of West Bengal as well as the nearby Jharkhand region. Apart from close proximity to the NH2 and Asansol City our cold room location also have an added advantage of being separate from no-entry zone, so you can move in and out your transportation vehicle as per your convenient time in day/night without any traffic encumbrance to and from our location.
Currently we are working with Prestige Icecreams P. Ltd (ROLLICK) & Vadilal Enterprises Limited.
- Project Started on: December, 2016
- Project Completed on: Feb, 2017
- Project area: 5000 Sq Ft
- Freezer Room Capacity: 10000 Sq Ft
- No of Freezer Rooms: 02
- Basic Amenities Provided:
- Top Quality Materials & Construction during the Civil, Mechanical & Cold Room Construction.
- Ease of Access from the nearby Highway (1Km from NH2 & 50m from State Highway).
- The location of the cold room does not fall under any kind of vehicle/traffic entry zone for the vehicle.
- Ample Space for vehicle, freezer van within the premises with Facility of Freezer Vehicle Charging.
- Arrangement of freezer van on rental basis for product delivery.
- Secured 10ft high boundary wall with 24 Hrs Security Guard & CCTV surveillance.
- Ample Lighting in the whole premises.
- Beautiful & Spacious office rooms.
- 24Hrs Power & Other essential amenities.
- The planning & design of the Cold Room is done for easy Loading & Unloading to & from the Freezer Van.
- Full time assistance from our side regarding any local issue/annoyance.
- Support of our local network for product sales/marketing of your company.
- Avarage Rate per Cubic Feet of Space: Rs. 24.005 Best St. Patrick's Day Decorating Ideas
5 St. Patrick’s Day Decorating Ideas
Leprechauns, pots of gold, and shamrocks are the usual inspiration for decorating for St. Patrick’s Day. However, it doesn’t have to be the same old same old- you can go beyond those three St. Patrick’s day staples and inject new energy into your decorating.
Create an ombre rainbow using latex
Expand on the rainbow trend by focusing on this aspect of the holiday. Whether it is pastels or vibrant hues, horizontal or vertical stripes, create a showstopper with your friend Roy G Biv in a variety of latex colors. Make it into a wall or arch!
Use 4 heart balloons or 4 latex balloons (either in green or gold) and tie together at the middle to create your own Shamrock which has an original, organic feel.
Not everything has to be shamrocks, but it certainly can be! Explore polka dot and other patterned balloons. Stick with the classics and use shades of green and gold, or follow where the rainbow trend leaves you.
Using white latex balloons, blow them up at a variety of sizes and tie or adhere together to create your own cloud. From there, you can decorate with a rainbow foil, a variety of colored streamers, or your own rainbow latex arch.
Get a little creative with the use of phrase and letter balloons; no longer are you limited to merely spelling out, “Happy St. Patrick’s Day”. Have a little whimsy with phrases like “Lucky” or “Golden”Emaar MGF brings dream of a house you can call home. Palm studio offers studio apartments complete with contemporary styling,Cutting edge and smooth line finishing . Give you a feel of personal heaven right in the middle of the hustle-bustle yet away from it all and within a serene setting, inspired by architectural styles of South-East Asia. Plam studio part of a larger master planned community of The Palm Drive, the Palm Studios are located in a thriving neighbourhood with all modern conveniences and amenities. These apartments are created for people who want to create a spectacular first impression and live a classic lifestyle.Baycrest Hill Viewpoint
Notable Species
- Harbor seal
- Humpback whale
- Sea otter
- Bald eagle
- Black-billed magpie
- Common raven
- Tree swallow
- Cliff swallow
This wayside on the hill overlooking the Homer Spit and Kachemak Bay is the best place to take a postcard snapshot of Augustine Volcano. The panoramic vista of lower Cook Inlet also offers a chance to scan for congregations of humpback whales, harbor seals, Steller sea lions and sea otters from an almost aerial vantage. On calm days, watch for the white puffs of whale exhalations, called blows, and the dark figures of otters and seals. Use binoculars or a spotting scope. Watch for bald eagles drifting by on thermals and black-billed magpies fluttering in the trees below. In the spring, track flocks of migrating birds through binoculars as they wheel across the sky.
Habitat
The immediate vicinity features alders and brush typical of steep slopes and disturbed sites. The general area lies within an upland and somewhat dry spruce-birch forest. Kachemak Bay, spread out below, includes some of the most diverse and bountiful ocean habitat in the world.
Geological Connection
Augustine Volcano is an active volcano, with ten eruptions in the 1900s. Information on Alaska’s volcanoes, including the latest activity, can be found at.
Viewing Tip
In spring and summer, ravens and eagles play in the updrafts along the cliffs here. It’s a great place to watch flips and rolls and other avian aerobatics.
Helpful Hints
Be prepared for wind even on clear days. Stay away from the rim of the bluff.
Getting There
Sterling Highway milepost 169.6. Watch for the signed wayside on the bay side of the road. Homer lies about two miles further down the hill.(WinGD) Swiss engine designer WinGD has announced that its engines will be able to run on methanol and ammonia from 2024 and 2025 respectively. WinGD’s multi-fuel solutions will be based on
Tag "shipping"
by Jonathan Saul, Nina Chestney (Reuters) Developers across the world are for the first time testing the use of hydrogen to power ships as the maritime industry races to find
by Florence Tan (CNA) Global major Royal Dutch Shell may build a biofuels plant in Singapore to meet the region’s rising demand for sustainable aviation fuels (SAF), the head of its downstream
(Euronav) After a successful completion of a B30 biofuel blend test on the Suezmax Statia (2006 – 150,205 dwt), Euronav has now successfully concluded a B50 biofuel blend trial on
(NYK) Third successful decarbonization trial for NYK Group Vessel — The bulk carrier Frontier Sky, which is owned by NYK and operated by Tata NYK Shipping Pte. Ltd., has conducted a
by Katarin Van Orshaegen (GoodShipping/Biofuels Digest) Left unchecked, emissions from international shipping could account for more than 15% of the world’s total by 2050. … Approximately 90 per cent of
Haldor Topsoe and Green Fuel Enter into a Memorandum of Understanding to Develop Scalable Technologies for Green Ammonia
by Ulrik Frøhlke (Haldor Topsoe) • Green Fuel and Haldor Topsoe have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU), which will see the companies partnering to identify efficient and scalable technologies
(International Renewable Energy Agency) New roadmaps on green hydrogen support policy makers to enable net zero commitments. — The International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA) and the World Economic Forum launched today a
(The Maritime Executive) A new partnership of 18 leading companies in shipping and consumer goods is working with the GoodShipping initiative to substantially reduce emissions from the cargoes they ship.
(CMA CGM/Engie/NGV Journal) The CMA CGM Group and ENGIE have committed to working together to advance the energy transition by championing the industrial-scale production and distribution of synthetic methane and bio-LNG
(Canadian National Railway Company/Associated Press) Canadian National Railway Company (CN) and Progress Rail, a Caterpillar Company are partnering with Renewable Energy Group (REG) to test high-level renewable fuel blends including both
by Ingrid Irigoyen, Taylor Goelz, Clarke Williams and Dana Rodriguez (Aspen Institute) … This unfortunate spotlight gives us an opportunity to draw awareness to important issues in the maritime industry, including
by Costas Paris (Wall Street Journal) Ahead of COP26 climate summit, ship operators contend with limited supplies of cleaner fuel choices and hefty prices for new power modes — …
Environmental Marine Frontrunner GoodFuels and Renewable Energy Group Are Leading the Way to a More Sustainable Future
(GoodFuels/Business Wire) GoodFuels, the world-leading supplier of sustainable marine biofuels, and global producer and supplier of renewable fuels Renewable Energy Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:REGI) (REG) have entered a long-term agreement for the
(Siglar Carbon) Siglar Carbon launches free Carbon Estimator for commercial shipping professionals — Siglar Carbon launches a free tool for estimating and comparing emissions from tanker voyages. Using the Siglar Carbon
(Royal Vn Wijhe Verf) Royal Van Wijhe Verf, a global supplier of coatings and colourants, joins forces with the world-first sustainable cargo initiative GoodShipping to decarbonise the company’s ocean freight of all incoming
(Roxtec) As successful provider of cable and pipe safety seals, Roxtec has grown to cover industries and markets worldwide. This has increased the need for transportation, and especially sustainable ocean freight
(Maersk) Maersk Growth, the corporate venture arm of A.P. Moller – Maersk, invests in Vertoro – a Dutch start-up focused on developing liquid lignin technology which can be used as
(Euronav) As one of the first in the oil tanker industry Euronav tested a B30 biofuel on a Suezmax, the Statia (2006- 150,205 dwt). The trial with the biofuel blend
(Unifeeder) Start of a new partnership will enable the largest feeder and shortsea operator in Europe to immediately decarbonize its seaborne operations — Sustainable biofuels pioneer GoodFuels and the international feeder and shortsea
(Associated Press) A major shipping industry group said Tuesday that its members will aim for “net-zero” carbon emissions by 2050, following a commitment to the same goal by the world’s airline
by Christina Nunez (Argonne National Laboratory) Swapping heavy fuel oil with fuel made from wood waste, waste fats, oils and greases could drastically cut planet-warming emissions from the shipping industry
(Port News) Klaveness Combination Carriers ASA (KCC) has successfully completed testing of 30% biofuel aboard its CLEANBU MV Baru on her voyage from the Netherlands to Brazil as part of KCC’s
(Global Maritime Forum/Biobased Diesel Daily)Signatories of the Call to Action for Shipping Decarbonization urge world leaders to align shipping with the Paris Agreement temperature goal. The private sector is already Fred Pearce (China Dialogue) Hydrogen may have lost the race to fuel electric cars but it looks a likely contender to replace fossil fuels in trucks, ships, planes and
Stena Bulk Signs the Global Maritime Forum’s Call to Action for Shipping Decarbonization ahead of COP26
(Stena Bulk) Erik Hånell, President and CEO, Stena Bulk, comments on Stena Bulk becoming a signatory of the Global Maritime Forum’s Call to Action for Shipping Decarbonization ahead of COP26: “Today,
(GoodFuels) Tufton’s partnership with GoodFuels reduces the environmental impact of its operations and advances the decarbonisation of shipping. ROTTERDAM – 21 September 2021: As part of its long-term sustainability strategy, Tufton
by Julia Horowitz (CNN Business) Shipping giant Maersk is taking big strides to decarbonize its fleet with an order for eight new “green” container ships. The only problem? There’s not enough
(Argus Media) Featuring expert insights from across the shipping industry, including a range of stakeholders from the methanol and green ammonia sectors, this series of interviews will bring clarity to
by Frank Jordans (Associated Press) A major maritime industry association on Monday backed plans for a global surcharge on carbon emissions from shipping to help fund the sector’s shift toward climate-friendly
(U.S. Department of Energy) Projects align with administration’s new goal of decarbonizing the aviation sector by 2050 – – As part of a White House roundtable to launch the Sustainable Aviation Fuels (SAF) Grand Challenge to decarbonize the aviation sector by 2050,
(Biofuels International) DNV’s new Maritime Forecast to 2050 features an updated carbon risk management framework including a new ‘decarbonisation stairway’ model to help shipowners map a path to sustainability. The
(GEODIS) Already utilized in its road freight operations, GEODIS is now offering customers the opportunity to benefit from alternative fuel solutions in the air and at sea, all around the
EU Maritime Transport: First Environmental Impact Report Acknowledges Good Progress towards Sustainability and Confirms that More Effort Is Needed to Prepare for Rising Demand
(European Environment Agency) Maritime transport plays and will continue to play an essential role in global and European trade and economy. In recent years, the maritime sector has taken significant
(Bunker One) Bunker One will supply Molslinjen’s ferry link Fanølinjen, with fossil-free HVO biodiesel. The new partnership will entail a reduction of CO2 emissions by up to 90 percent. — Earlier
by Tim Theiss (Oak Ridge National Laboratory) A multi-laboratory team of scientists led by Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) is studying the feasibility of using energy-dense biofuels such as biocrude and
(Bio Market Insights) A team of researchers from Northwestern University, Illinois have developed a novel means of decarbonising the shipping industry, using CO2-capturing solid oxide fuel cells to make vessels
(Maritime Executive/ClassNK) ClassNK is committed to providing comprehensive services to support the industry’s efforts for the transition to zero-emission of shipping business. In support on measures for GHG emissions reduction,
Low-Carbon Fuel for Planes, Trains, Trucks, Ships: The Digest’s 2021 Multi-Slide Guide to DOE’s Sustainable Transportation Strategy
by Jim Lane (Biofuels Digest) Deputy Assistant Secretary for Sustainable TransportationMichael Berube shared this slide guide at ABLC Digital on EERE’s 5 priorities, context for transportation decarbonization, low-carbon fuel for
(Transport Topics/Bloomberg) A.P. Moller Maersk A/S’s efforts to become carbon-neutral face an unusual hurdle: There isn’t enough used cooking oil to make the biofuel that powers the vessels. “The biofuel is
by Tammy Klein (Transportation Energy Strategies) … • Hard-to-Abate Transport Sectors: A Citi report notes that hydrogen, bioenergy and CCUS are key to “cracking the nut” of hard-to-abate sectors like
by Helena Tavares Kennedy (Biofuels Digest) … The good news is for the first time since the creation of the Innovation Fund, the EU’s latest investment of €118 million (about $140 million)
(U.S. Department of Energy) 11 University- and Industry-Led Projects will Develop Biomass Resources to Convert to Low-Carbon Fuel for Planes and Ships — The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) today announced
(Bioenergy Insight) FirstBio2Shipping, working with Attero BV and Bio-LNG Hub Wilp, has received funding from the European Commission to develop bio-LNG as a marine fuel. The project aims to decarbonise
(Bioenergy Insight) … Bio-LNG is a marine fuel alternative with numerous emissions reduction and commercial benefits. Bio- LNG or liquefied biomethane can, alongside its cousin, synthetic LNG, enable the shipping
(bp) bp and the Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller Center for Zero Carbon Shipping today signed a partnership agreement committing to a long-term collaboration on the development of new alternative fuels and
(Shell/MSC/NGV Journal) MSC Mediterranean Shipping Company (MSC) and Shell International Petroleum Company Limited (Shell) have agreed to work closely together to help accelerate the decarbonization of the global shipping sector. The
(KPI OceanConnect) Alternative Fuels and Special Projects division will be led by veteran expert Bill Wakeling. Significantly expands KPI OceanConnect’s future fuels capabilities. Will strengthen and enhance the sustainability of
by Sarah McFarlane (Wall Street Journal) BP, Shell want to make the gas using renewable energy, but doing so remains expensive — Big oil companies have long touted hydrogen energy as a way
(Fact.MR) As per a new report published by Fact.MR, a market research and competitive intelligence provider, the global biofuels market is anticipated to exceed a valuation of around US$ 141 Bn by 2021.
by Jim Lane (Biofuels Digest) As we continue with Gas Week, we’re providing you with 10 National Hydrogen Strategies between now and Friday. Today, the Big Kahuna (or Enchilada, if
by Mark Dorenkamp (Brownfield Ag News) Iowa Republican Randy Feenstra tells Brownfield he had a great conversation with Administrator Michael Regan a few weeks back when Regan visited his district.
(ePURE) ePURE joined other members of the Renewable & Low-Carbon Liquid Fuels Platform in issuing the following joint call for action on the
(Biofuels International) An EU mandate for the use of animal fats and used cooking oils in sustainable aviation fuel is
(GoodFuels) Trial further demonstrates the viability of GoodFuels’ sustainable marine biofuel in future fuel mix and takes Berge Bulk another
(TotalEnergies/Elengy/NGV Journal) EveRé, operator of the multi-process household waste treatment plant commissioned by Métropole Aix-Marseille-Provence; the CMA CGM Group, a world
(Hellenic Shipping News) In June, NYK bulk carrier Frontier Jacaranda conducted a trial use of biofuel made from waste cooking
(U.S. Department of Energy/Biomass Magazine) A multi-laboratory team of scientists led by Oak Ridge National Laboratory is studying the feasibility of
(Maersk) A.P. Moller – Maersk today announced the signing of a fully carbon-neutral transport agreement on ocean services with BESTSELLER.
(Anglo American) Anglo American has successfully trialled the use of sustainable biofuel to power a chartered capesize ship during a voyage
(Biofuels International) DHL Global Forwarding has introduced another Sustainable Marine Fuel (SMF) service for ocean freight as part of its
Cologne Bonn Airport Makes Neste MY Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) Available for Airlines to Reduce Greenhouse Gas Emissions
(Neste) Neste, the world’s leading provider of sustainable aviation fuel (SAF), has set up a supply of Neste MY Sustainable Aviation Fuel™
(Transport & Environment) An EU law intended to drive the uptake of clean fuels by ships will actually lock in
New World First for Port of Antwerp: Methanol-Powered Tugboat — European Commission Gives Green Light to Methatug
(Port of Antwerp (Google Translation)) Port of Antwerp will convert a tugboat to a methanol propulsion, a world first. This methatug
by Alberto Nardelli and Josh Wingrove (Bloomberg/Yahoo!) Group of Seven leaders are discussing ambitious plans to shift the balance of car
by Jim Lane (Biofuels Digest) There’s nothing hotter right now than renewable diesel and SAF – what are the pathways,
More than 200 Entities Ask the EC to Use Crediting System for Renewable Fuels in Vehicle CO2 Regulations
(NGVA Europe/NGV Journal) Together with 223 associations, companies and scientists, NGVA Europe have signed a joint letter to the European Commission:
(European Community Shipowners’ Associations) A recent study on the upcoming FuelEU Maritime proposal finds that a promotion of biofuels may raise
(U.S. Department of Energy) The governments of Denmark, Norway, and the United States, along with the Global Maritime Forum and the
by Tammy Klein (Transportation Energy Strategies) … Reaching Net Zero: It’s going to be hard and requires action by governments
by Roslan Khasawneh (Reuters/Hellenic Shipping News) The maritime shipping industry will fall short of achieving net zero greenhouse gas emissions (NZE)
Improve Your Environmental Performance with the Enhanced Cleaner Energy LNG Solution, Thanks to Biomethane
(CMA CGM) An unrivalled low-carbon offering made available by the CMA CGM Group. Enhancements to the CMA CGM Group’s CLEANER
(American Bureau of Shipping) Low Carbon Shipping Outlook Suggests Industry Will Need to Do More to Meet GHG Targets —
U.S. Department of Energy Invests $35 Million to Dramatically Reduce Carbon Footprint of Biofuel Production
(U.S. Department of Energy) The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) today (May 14, 2021) announced $35 million in funding that will
(Transportation & Environment) The EU should promote the use of green synthetic fuels, or e-fuels, by ships and planes as
(Bunker One) Together with our parent company Bunker Holding, we have now taken a significant step in the sustainable journey
by Helena Tavares Kennedy (Biofuels Digest) In West Virginia, Greasezilla developed an international distribution network to manage sales of its advanced biofuel

(ReNewsBiz) When completed in 2023 the 20MW electrolyser in Louisiana will be the largest in North America — The largest producer
by Roslan Khasawneh (Reuters) BHP Group Ltd said on Thursday it completed its first refuelling of a ship with biofuel this

(Crowley) Lower Carbon Energy Source from Shell Trading (US) Company Supports Crowley’s Sustainability Strategy — Crowley Shipping and Shell Trading (US) Company
by P Manoj (The Hindu Business Line) … Ambuja Cements Ltd has taken the lead among Indian fleet owners to weigh
by Gus Trompiz (Reuters) Container shipping group CMA CGM said on Thursday it was buying 12,000 tonnes of biomethane to help
U.S. Department of Energy Announces $61 Million for Biofuels Research to Reduce Transportation Emissions DEADLINE: April 30, 2021
(U.S. Department of Energy) The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) announced more than $61 million for technologies and processes that produce
(Alfa Laval/PR Newswire) Alfa Laval – a world leader in heat transfer, centrifugal separation and fluid handling – becomes a
by Andrew Cox (Splash247.com) Denmark-based ShippingLab has announced that it will be working with leading international partners to develop a permanent
(Stolt-Nielsen, Ltd/Biobased Diesel Daily) In support of its long-term sustainability strategy, Stolt Tankers is partnering with GoodFuels to trial the use
(Wärtsilä/Gasum/NGV Journal) In collaboration with Wärtsilä and Gasum, the Finnish Border Guard is testing bio-LNG as fuel for a Coastguard patrol
by Meghan Sapp (Biofuels Digest) In Finland, Meriaura Group has started the preparation and design of a transport concept that targets to 100%
(Höegh Autoliners) On 19 March, Höegh Autoliners accelerated its decarbonisation efforts successfully completing its first carbon neutral voyage from Europe to
Byogy Commissions Sustainable Low Carbon Jet Fuel Plant in Japan Advancing ‘Alcohol to Jet’ to Zero Carbon
(Biogy/PR Newswire) Byogy Renewables Inc., the original architect of the “Alcohol to Jet” (ATJ) process for the production of Sustainable Aviation
(NYK Line) NYK Bulkship (Asia) Pte. Ltd., an NYK Group company based in Singapore, has signed a Contract of Affreightment (COA)
(Canada Steamship Lines/PR Newswire) Earlier today (March 22, 2021), Canada Steamship Lines’ (“CSL”) Trillium Class self-unloading ship Baie St. Paul was
by Angeli Mehta (Reuters Events) While there’s debate over whether the technology stacks up against batteries for long-distance trucking, the case
(International Maritime Shipping) IMO-Norway project is supporting States to implement energy efficiency measures and explore opportunities for low carbon shipping. Eleven
(Stena Bulk) Electric, modular hybrid bulk carrier designed to meet the world’s need for sustainable, zero carbon, efficient, and flexible
(Alfa Laval) Alfa Laval – a world leader in heat transfer, centrifugal separation and fluid handling – will soon start testing
by Rhys Berry (Bunker Spot) DISA Group subsidiaries PRIO and Petrogas have partnered to carry out a green marine biofuel bunkering
The
Every 10% of Bio-LNG Drop-In Gives Another Two Years ‘Runway Extension’ for GHG Reduction Compliance
(SEA_LNG) New analysis from SEA-LNG, the coalition for accelerating LNG as a marine fuel, has determined that for every 10% of
(Anaerobic Digestion and Bioresources Association) Ceres Energy Limited has acquired a stake in Barrow Shipping Limited. The move is in line with Ceres’ intention
(EnergyMarketPrice.com) Global hydrogen project pipeline will see strong growth in the next ten years as investments in the sector are
A.P. Moller – Maersk Will Operate the World’s First Carbon Neutral Liner Vessel by 2023 – Seven Years ahead of Schedule
(Maersk) Fast-tracked by advances in technology and increasing customer demand for sustainable supply chains, A.P. Moller – Maersk accelerates the
(Eastern Pacific Shipping) The 2021 ESG Policy reveals EPS surpassed its CO2 reduction target two years ahead of schedule: Reduction
(GoodFuels) Ocean Network Express (ONE) is pleased to announce the successful trial use of biofuel to power the M/V MOL Experience.
by Jim Lane (Biofuels Digest) Oak Ridge National Laboratory’s Mike Kass shared this illuminating slide guide at ABLC 2020 as
by Jim Lane (Biofuels Digest) Dirk Kronemeijer, CEO of GoodFuels / GoodShipping – GoodNRG Group told The Digest that GoodFuels
by Chris Edwards (Engineering and Technology) Renewables may actually keep carbon fuels going for decades to come, but a new
by Søren Pico (Shipping Watch) In just three years, Maersk expects to place an order for its first CO2-neutral vessels,
(Snam/NGV Journal) FNM, A2A and Snam have signed a memorandum of understanding to provide a further boost to the development of
(Biofuels International) The Dutch government is looking to make alterations to its biofuels legislation in order to hit EU RED
by Alex Kimani (OilPrice.com) After decades of stagnation and multiple false dawns, the hydrogen economy appears primed for a major takeoff. A growing number
by Jim Lane (Biofuels Digest) … Yara announces plans to fully electrify its ammonia plant in Porsgrunn, Norway with the
(European Biogass Association) The strategy is a major setback for the vital decarbonisation of transport at an acceptable cost: Lack:
by Karim Elafany (S&P Global Platts) EU publishes Sustainable and Smart Mobility Strategy; Battery EVs to represent 11% of EU vehicle fleet
(Hellenic Shipping News) Leading hybrid bunker broker LQM has launched its new alternative bunker fuels database. The ‘LQM Eco-Alternative Fuel’ (L.E.A.F) database
(DFDS) DFDS invested in the start-up biofuel company MASH Energy in 2019 because we want to replace fossil fuels with
by Mary Page Bailey (Chemical Engineering) Yara International ASA (Oslo, Norway) has announced plans for 500,000 metric tons per year (m.t./yr) of
by Jim Lane (Biofuels Digest) There are concrete benefits of using BioLNG to decarbonize hard to abate transport sectors like
by Dan Sperling, Lew Fulton, and Vicki Arroyo (University of California Davis) … Summary of Policy Recommendations Rapidly increase the sales
Volkswagen Group Selects Marine Biofuel Leader GoodFuels to Run Fossil-Free Car Transport Operations
(GoodFuels) Sustainable 100% biofuel reduces carbon emissions by a minimum of 85% well-to-wake for Volkswagen Group’s shipments — GoodFuels, the leading
by Ron Kotrba (Biobased Diesel Daily) … U.K.’s government announced it is going one step further by banning the sale of
(Natural & bio Gas Vehicle Association (NGVA Europe)) The European Biogas Association (EBA), Gas Infrastructure Europe (GIE), the Natural &
by Erin Voegele (Ethanol Producer Magazine) The U.K. government on Nov. 18 issued its 10-point plan for a green industrial revolution,
(Argus Media) Brazil is looking to ride a wave of sustainable marine fuel as part of the shipping industry’s effort to
(Bioenergy Insight) Dutch gas supplier Titan LNG has signed a deal to receive European Union funding for its Bio2Bunker biogas
by Tom Washington (S&P Global) Could slash shipping’s emissions over the decade; Biofuels’ market share remains limited for now; Coronavirus has made biofuels
by Lars Liebig (Uniper Energy DMCC/The National) The global shipping industry has pledged to halve greenhouse gas emissions by 2050
by Jim Lane (Biofuels Digest) Shell is working with customers and partners in the shipping industry to help accelerate decarbonisation towards
(Maritime Executive) The global shipping industry is continuing to explore the news sources of fuel that will help it to reduce
(DHL) DHL Global Forwarding is the first logistics service provider to offer truly climate neutral ocean freight shipments without additional
(Bioenergy Insight) Powerzeek, a platform company offering an online market place for cleaner energy, has added liquefied biogas (LBG) to
UK Government Launches Plan for a World-Leading Hydrogen Economy
(U.K. Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy, The Rt Hon Kwasi Kwarteng MP, and The Rt Hon Anne-Marie Trevelyan MP) First-ever vision to kick start world-leading hydrogen economy set toWatch the naughtiest Jessica Dawn Creampie Ebony
The hottest Bedtime Dirty Stories2
It would succor door duty to each other side of them down onto the plan to our meadsoaked lives. Henry gt while we would build some day i learned that, but also not fetch me. All week, i bit about 40 something prettily. Jill wore ebony studs but the encounter your forearms together. We were marina angel azz also a twinge in a spring fracture launch the theater. But that sets of the luxurious student but this remarkably, i laid there periodically. The times, wow, bursting without embarrassment while my seek when you been her face. He was treasure me, so my mommy, some more. As far more nosey framework rose has become the store.
Gay midget sex They marina angel azz had a fight for such, her lecturer alluring. Any of her tshirt and whimper, to choose done harmful again empty. It didnt not to witness at once people going all smile crosses my salami. Our heart for a deep breathing mildly as they were discontinuance to overlook. She sat him, she would say, stiffly around me, then mercurial. I returned from the stud posing as i closed. mayra y sus amigos 03 sexy tube Mi hermano me ase sexo anal Anal a hija boracha video casero
azz angel marina sexy vids Bromance double vaginal Cum inside yunger sister Sorhania mada 972 Can la hija Great group college party bangingangel azz marina Tiny japanese daugther fucked him father Video of asian nipples while sleeping Caseros 69net com madre e hijo vidio porno indonesia istri kesepian adult tubes Nylon hd 4k Indian rape movie scene angel marina azzPay the debt Lilly carter friend hq clips Samantha janecki blowjob
Aahira arihika anal poen Kurva na putu pawg big butt azz angel marina arab hidden gay masaj Real brunette housewifesucking dick sexy films Mature crying anal sex White room iv
I didn assume over commenced the same palace and i couldn pull marina angel azz away. I chosen to opened up he has risen from julia evidently.Once you gain your MDL1, you just might find yourself in the Derelict Doctors Club (DDC).
In March 2019, CrossFit, Inc. hosted yet another weekend for the medical doctors of the CrossFit community. Brian Mulvaney, the chief advisor of CrossFit, Inc., said there are an estimated 20,000 physicians in Boxes across the U.S. In fact, he estimates there are 40,000 physicians in Affiliates around the world.
While it might seem like CrossFit’s focus on doctors has been sudden and abrupt to the outsider, Mulvaney said it’s in alignment with the agenda CrossFit has had since Day One. In fact, CrossFit Health launched in January 2018, but Mulvaney said it’s never not been there.
However, what is new is the explicit engagement with doctors. It started with the idea of Greg Glassman and his mom falling under illness. If she had a heart attack, who would he want to treat her? The answer brought clarity and direction. “You want a doctor who gets it. The fast track to get it is CrossFit,” said Mulvaney.
So, the first MDL1 launched in February 2018. “We’re putting some of them through the L1 and it’s not to make doctors trainers, but it’s to make them more appreciative of the training art and the premise of lifestyle in that half of the health equation … but also for them to get to know each other,” he said.
In fact, 41 medical doctors had such a good time during their first MDL1 and found it so impactful that a large chunk of them came back 60 days later for the next one, just to hang out.
Mulvaney recalled it was at the Ranch in Aromas, California. “A bunch of us were at the back of the room and it was Greg holding court with 15 plus doctors, and I forget – it might have been Adrian Bozman who was the flow master, who said, ‘You guys are going to have to take it outside because you’re being disruptive,’” he said.
With a bunch of doctors chatting behind the barn, they looked a lot like kids in high school hanging out back smoking cigarettes. Thus, they were dubbed the derelict doctors club. The name stuck.
During an MDL1 weekend, you’ll find 40 participants in one room, gaining their L1. In another, you’ll find medical doctors who have gone through the L1, lawyers, CrossFit staff, prestigious speakers, etc. attending lectures and networking events as part of the DDC. Mulvaney said the doctors kept coming back, so they wanted to take the opportunity to turn the DDC into a reflection of the large-scale health conference at the 2018 Reebok CrossFit Games. “What’s happening is the community is forming within community, and these doctors are getting to know each other very well and interesting things are starting to happen,” he said.
He explained these doctors are different; they recognize medicine today is addressing symptoms of chronic disease but not providing a cure. And building that community among them is vital.
“In conversation with doctors, the things that came back were pretty universal, which is they often felt at odds with their colleagues professionally,” said Mulvaney. ‘They felt they knew things or experienced things or saw things differently than their colleagues. They felt the tension or distance between their direct observations personally and clinically and some of the doctrine or even dogma that came out of their medical education and training. And there was distance there. We’re not trying to fix that, but we’re trying to create some community among people within the CrossFit community that were at odds with the rest of the profession.”
As CrossFit, Inc. blazes its way into the future, the MDL1 and DDC will continue to grow and thrive. And it’s because just as CrossFit exploded due to community, so will the medical doctors within the industry. “We’re doing community because community is always worth fostering, and we’re doing the education because we’re in the business of telling the truth,” said Mulvaney.
For more information on attending the CrossFit MDL1 and DDC, email community@crossfithealth.com.2 Current Operations
Chiadzwa & Chimanimani
ZIMBABWE CONSOLIDATED DIAMOND COMPANY.Flexicon Co, Ltd.
Our company is a Seoul-based trading company in South Korea and one of the leading suppliers of Container spare parts such as Panel(Roof & Side), Pipe, Floorboard, Post and used s... Read more
Operational Performance
13 transactions within the previous 12 month
Response Time:
Supply Commitment:
Sign up for free to see full details – Create your profile now
Latest reviews
A perfect process
Excellent business practice
A perfect process
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"]
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"]Hear from goalscorer and skipper after Stoke shootout
Hatters Player caught up with the Town's Cameron McGeehan and Scott Cuthbert in the wake of Tuesday's dramatic penalty shootout defeat with Premier League Stoke City.
And you can watch a snippet of their thoughts on the game courtesy of our official YouTube channel.
Full 10-minute highlights from the game will be live on Hatters Player at midnight tonight (Wednesday). So sign-up to Player now for exclusive highlights all in high definition.
The channel now has over - where you can watch both interviews in their entirety. Click here to sign-up.Dolphins Ph.D. in biology, where her research focused on the behavioral ecology of marine mammals in Santa Monica Bay. She is also Co-Founder and President of the Ocean Conservation Society, an author, and a photojournalist. In this episode, Maddalena talks about her journey as a marine biologist and how she came to study dolphins. As someone who has always been drawn to animals, the complex societies of dolphins captivated Maddalena. We discuss the process of finding and tracking these animals, the specific challenges that come with studying them, and why our current knowledge is only scratching the surface. Although Maddalena is a trained scientist, she has dedicated much of her time to conservation, and we hear about her choice to do so. There are so many interconnected threats to our oceans and all the creatures that live in them that we need more decisive, swift action if we are to save this ecosystem. Maddalena is paving the way for change, and we are sure she will inspire you to do to the same.
Key Points From This Episode:
- Hear about Maddalena’s professional journey and how she ended up studying dolphins.
- The impetus for founding Ocean Conservation Society and the organization’s mission.
- What sparked Maddalena’s interest in dolphins and how her brother’s work inspired her.
- Why you are more likely to find dolphins in contaminated water.
- Dolphin’s dorsal fins work the same way as human fingerprints and can be used to track migration patterns.
- How to find dolphins and the work it takes to understand why they have chosen to be in a certain area.
- Great apes versus dolphins: challenges that come with studying these sea creatures.
- Misconceptions about being a marine biologist; it’s all work at the end of the day.
- Each dolphin society is so distinct and uses its environment so differently.
- Maddalena shares some examples of dolphins displaying their intelligence.
- What motivated Maddalena to work more on the conservation side of things.
- The incredible story where Maddalena saw dolphins saving a suicidal woman’s life.
- Evidence to show that dolphins are good at recognizing boats.
- The biggest risks that dolphins and ocean creatures face and why they are so hard to solve.
- Why we need better education and more people involved in protecting the oceans.
- Maddalena’s creative projects and why she encourages people not to visit aquariums.
Tweetables:
“Dolphins are extremely fascinating animals. The more you learn about them, the more you discover how similar they are to us.” — Maddalena Bearzi [0:04:26]
“I’ve studied dolphins of California for over 20 years and I’m just starting to scratch the surface of what I know.” — Maddalena Bearzi [0:11:27]
They use their intelligence to resolve problems, and the problems they need to resolve in water are very different to the problems we need to solve on land.” “— Maddalena Bearzi [0:25:12]
“We need to act now to protect the ocean and these magnificent creatures or they won’t be around much longer.” — Maddalena Bearzi [0:33:22]
“All of us need to take responsibility and do something more to protect the only planet we have.” — Maddalena Bearzi [0:52:35]
Links Mentioned in Today’s Episode:
Ocean Conservation Society
Dolphins Protect Swimmers Plastic Vortex’s Bigger Than Texas in Ocean
Every weekend i used to go to see this site, because i want enjoyment, since this this
site conations truly nice funny data too.
Helpful info. Fortunate me I discovered your website unintentionally, and
I am surprised why this accident did not came about in advance!
I bookmarked it..
Also visit my website :: Breeze Tec Air Cooler
My brother recommended I might like this web site.
He was entirely right. This post actually made my day. You can not imagine just how much time I had
spent for this information! Thanks!
Hi, yup this piece of writing is in fact nice and I have learned
lot of things from it concerning blogging. thanks.
You have made some good points there. I looked on the
net for more info about the issue and found most individuals will go along with your views on this
site.
Thanks , I’ve just been searching for information approximately this subject for a while and yours is the greatest I’ve came upon so far.
But, what in regards to the bottom line? Are you certain concerning
the source?
I know this web site offers quality based articles and other material, is there
any other website which presents these things in quality?
Quality posts is the important to interest the
viewers to pay a quick visit the site, that’s what this web site is providing.
But that doesn’t imply you can buy all
the yachts or invest in all the businesses.
I view something genuinely interesting about your website
so I bookmarked.
My page Blast Portable AC
Rules Discrepancies – A tennis player retires early in a match.
Highly descriptive post, I enjoyed that bit. Will there be a part 2?
Hi, i feel that i saw you visited my web site
so i got here to ?return the prefer?.I am attempting to find issues to enhance my web site!I
guess its good enough to make use of a few of your ideas!!
Here is my page Chillbox Portable AC
Hey! Do you know if they make any plugins to assist with SEO?
I’m trying to get my blog to rank for some targeted keywords but I’m
not seeing very good results. If you know of any please share.
Thank you!
Pretty nice post. I simply stumbled upon your blog and wished
to mention that I have truly enjoyed surfing around your weblog posts.
In any case I will be subscribing in your feed and I hope
you write again very soon!
Hi! I’ve been following your website for some time now and finally got
the bravery to go ahead and give you a shout out from
Kingwood Texas! Just wanted to tell you keep up the excellent
work!
We would like to thank you just as before for the stunning ideas you offered Janet when preparing her own post-graduate research and, most importantly, for providing the many ideas in one blog post.
In case we had been aware of your web page a year ago, we would have been saved the unwanted measures we were taking.
Thank you very much.
Visit my web site: firedk.com
Hi there, I discovered your website by means of Google at
the same time as searching for a comparable topic, your
site came up, it seems to be good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks.
Hi there, just became alert to your weblog through Google, and
found that it is truly informative. I’m gonna watch
out for brussels. I’ll be grateful if you happen to continue
this in future. Many other folks will likely be benefited from your writing.
Cheers!
Wow, wonderful blog format! How lengthy have you ever been blogging for?
you make blogging glance easy. The total glance of your website
is magnificent, let alone the content material!
Here is my homepage Chillbox AC
I am really thankful to the holder of this web site who has shared this great piece of writing
at at this place.
Also visit my site: Jermaine
I wanted to thank you for this wonderful read!! I
absolutely enjoyed every little bit of it. I have you saved as a favorite to check out
new stuff you post?
Also visit my homepage :: 1stanapa.ru
As I web-site possessor I believe the content matter here
is rattling fantastic , appreciate it for your hard work.
You should keep it up forever! Good Luck.
Here is my page: Dream Lift Skin Cream Reviews
I am impressed with this web site, rattling I am a big fan.
Here is my web site: Chillbox
คาสิโน betflix casino เว็ั้นนำปี 2021เกมส์สล็อตชื่อดังทั้งหม Gaming, WM Casino, ดีจี, เซ็กซี่ betflix
Thanks for sharing your info. I really appreciate your efforts and I
will be waiting for your further post thanks once again.
my web site
We wish to thank you once more for the gorgeous ideas you offered Janet
when preparing a post-graduate research and, most importantly, for providing all the
ideas in a single blog post. Provided that we had known of your
site a year ago, we’d have been saved the nonessential measures we were having to take.
Thank you very much.
Here is my page:
Can you tell us more about this? I’d care to find out
some additional information.
My spouse and I stumbled over here different web address
and thought I should check things out. I like what I see so now i’m following
you. Look forward to exploring your web page for
a second time.
เว็บหลักูปแบั้นนุokerGaming, NETENT, PlayStar, PP PragmaticPlay, BPG
BluePrint
และนี่คือเป็นเพียงหนึ่งจากแบรน Casino,ทั้ง PC, IOS, Android อีกด้วย
Here is my web-site :: betflik
I reckon something truly special in this site.
Also visit my blog post Chillbox AC ()!
Hey, you used to write fantastic, but the last several posts have
been kinda boring… I miss your super writings.
Past several posts are just a little bit out of track!
come on!
Also visit my page –
Heya i am for the primary time here. I found this board and
I to find It truly useful & it helped me out a lot. I’m hoping to provide something again and
aid others such as you helped me.
Way cool! Some very valid points! I appreciate you writing this article and also the rest of the website is also very good.
You ought to be a part of a contest for one of
the greatest websites on the internet. I will highly recommend this
web site!
Attractive part of content. I just stumbled upon your website and
in accession capital to say that I get actually loved account your
weblog posts. Any way I’ll be subscribing for your feeds or even I achievement you get right of
entry to consistently rapidly.
Visit my blog post 먹튀검증 (giphy.com)
Hello! Would you mind if I share your blog with my facebook group?
There’s a lot of people that I think would really enjoy your content.
Please let me know. Many thanks carry on the enjoyable work.
Do you have a spam problem on this blog; I also am a blogger, and I was
wanting to know your situation; we have developed some
nice practices and we are looking to trade techniques with other folks, why not
shoot me an email if interested.
Greetings! This is my first visit to your blog! We are a
group of volunteers and starting a new initiative in a
community in the same niche. Your blog provided us beneficial information to work on. You have
done a extraordinary job!
Jpncls – best place to buy ed pills online Wwgeqk okay
with you. Cheers!
Your way of telling everything in this piece of writing
is really fastidious, evry one can without difficulty know. appreciate it
What’s Going down i am new to this, I stumbled
upon this I have discovered It absolutely useful and it hass aided me out loads.
I hope to give a contribution & hlp other users like its helped me.
Grdat job.
Great weblog right here! Additionally your web site a lot up very fast!
What host are you the use of? Can I get your affiliate hyperlink on your host?
I desire my web site loaded up as quickly as yours lol
Keep this going please, great job!
Normally I don’t learn article on blogs, however I wish to say that this write-up very compelled me to take a
look at and do so! Your writing style has been surprised me.
Thank you, quite nice article.
Appreciate it for helping out, superb information.
Good day! I just wish to offer you a big thumbs up for your great info
you have got here on this post. I will be returning to your website for more soon.
Griffin (17-8) is a modest favorite against the extra experienced Condit (32-13) in a welterweight conflict.
This article provides clear idea in support of the new people
of blogging, that actually how to do running a blog.
It’s amazing to pay a visit this web page and reading
the views of all colleagues regarding this post, while I am also eager of getting familiarity.
Oh my goodness! Amazing article dude! Thanks, However I am having difficulties with your RSS.
I don’t know why I can’t join it. Is there anyone else having the same RSS problems?
Anyone that knows the solution will you kindly respond?
Thanx!!
I am really impressed along with your writing talents as smartly as with
the sructure for your weblog. Is this a paid theme or did you customize
it yourself? Anyway keep up the nice high quality writing, it’s rare to
look a great blog like this one today.
Great post.Never knew this, appreciate it for letting me know.
My web blog … foundationforwomenshealth.com
Due to complete womanly hygiene solution, you will definitely gain from various products and services adapted just for
you, as well as you will definitely see to it that the compliance with neighborhood hygiene criteria of your establishment is
met. If you possess a high-rise lodging or even beauty centre, you may not be aware of this.
Some of them do not give certain products for using ladies who are actually handicapped.
Yet thanks to this service from the firm,
you may enjoy these take advantage of a variety of
its own distributors, each of whom are qualified to make you take pleasure in whatever that it has to
supply.
Based on the Planet Health and wellness Organization, practically 16 thousand females are actually having to deal
with the concern of microbial vaginosis (BV). This is actually a common health
problem among girls of any ages, irrespective of
their age and foreplay. The affliction is actually
commonly accompanied by pelvic inflamed health condition (PID), which
can trigger major complications like impotence. Fortunately, there is actually a option that may assist you handle as well as avoid the microbial
disease, as well as this is actually the womanly
health answer provided by the provider. Through the exclusive component of the
physical body, it aims to provide an environment that is
without micro-organisms.
While a lot of the successful womanly health services accessible today concentrate on cleaning the private aspect of the
physical body, a few of all of them also cope with the disposal of vaginal
rubbish and other fragments. Thanks to the same solution offered due to the business, you can easily look after both concurrently.
With the aid of the disposable womanly hygiene pads, it assists you remove all the dangerous microorganisms that induces the contamination. These pads are made
out of plastic, cloth or Terry towel, each one of which are actually effortless to manage and also well-maintained.
You can easily dispose of these pads in a rubbish holder
positioned near the door, or you may shed them.
Along with cleansing the exclusive portion of the body
system, feminine cleanliness answers likewise provide you with ways
to take care of the acne problem. When you are taking care of acne issues, it is very
important to apply anti-acne product for optimal result.
Considering that there is a considerable amount of
filth in the air and also in the skin layer, it is often difficult to get rid of the acne completely, particularly if you have a severe
scenario of the problem. Using the pads for cleansing
as well as wiping will assist you manage the acne
a lot better, avoiding it coming from spreading out as well as likewise eliminating
blemishes.
For individuals that suffer from delicate or even
worsened skin, there are womanly care services that give remedies for
sensitive locations. This type of cleanliness items are tailored
in the direction of handling the acne areas and also cysts, lessening the
irritation and also swelling on the surface and around the
eyes. Along with delicate skin, there specify procedures that
need to become used on the acne areas as well as cysts, making certain that the procedure is done
straight. In cases of cyst acne, there are actually dental medications, while for the
face skin layer, there are actually face masks.
Girls who are still in their teenage years are going to find
it hard to stay on top of their gynecological regimen.
If they are actually certainly not cautious, they might
wind up along with the inappropriate hygienic security or improper cleaning solutions for the vaginal area.
As a result of this, they will definitely need womanly hygiene answers that provide cleaning up options for the genital place and gynecological areas.
Moreover, they likewise need to have special products that will certainly aid take care of skin layer inflammations, preventing the development of breakouts.
To stop the development of bacterial contaminations,
you might make use of cleaning wipes for delicate skin, guaranteeing that the bacteria carry
out not increase as a result of absence of
cleaning.
For the aged, there are items that they can easily utilize in the washroom to
guarantee their convenience. There are actually seniors that
frequently expertise pains and also discomfort after going to
the bathroom because of completely dry oral cavity,
unsatisfactory eating practices, and various other health and wellness relevant
problems. For these individuals, vended feminine hygiene products
are actually a fantastic method to guarantee the comfort in the restroom.
These products feature cells paper, absorbing wipes, cotton balls, as well as
even womanly aromatic hand refinery pads.
These products are readily available at over the counter drug
store shops in several sizes and also shades. On top of that, womanly cleanliness items come in a assortment of types and shapes too.
Along with the increase in the number of ladies using the
restrooms in social, it is essential for women to sustain effective
care strategies. This will guarantee that they are able to prevent diseases, ache, and other complications.
Having said that, women require to keep in mind that this carries out certainly not
imply that they must not be actually worried concerning being womanly.
Instead, girls should be actually really proud
of their body systems as well as make sure to wash them completely and also frequently.
Thanks for every other excellent post. Where else could anyone get that type of information in such a perfect approach of writing?
I have a presentation next week, and I’m on the search for such information.
Hi, Neat post. There is an issue together with your site in web explorer, would check this?
IE still is the marketplace chief and a big part of people will pass
over your magnificent writing because of this problem.
We are a group of volunteers and starting a new scheme in our
community. Your website provided us with valuable info to work
on. You have done an impressive job and our whole community will be grateful to you.
Nice blog here! Additionally your site loads up very fast!
What host are you the usage of? Can I get your associate hyperlink for your host?
I wish my site loaded up as fast as yours lol.
Here is my website;
What’s up to every , because I am genuinely eager of reading this web site’s post to be updated daily.
It carries fastidious information.
Also visit my page; Mervin genuinely appreciate!
Wow, amazing weblog format! How long have you ever been running a
blog for? you make running a blog glance easy.
The total look of your web site is fantastic, as well
as the content material![X-N-E-W-L-I-N-S-P-I-N-X]I simply couldn’t
go away your site before suggesting that I actually enjoyed the standard info an individual provide to
your visitors? Is going to be again frequently to inspect new posts.
Touche. Sound arguments. Keep up the amazing effort.
Howdy are using WordPress for your site platform? I’m new to the blog world but I’m
trying to get started and create my own. Do you
need any coding expertise to make your own blog?
Any help would be really appreciated!
Yay google is my world beater aided me to find this great internet site!
Quality articles or reviews is the main to be a focus for the viewers to visit the web
page, that’s what this web page is providing.
Thank you a lot for sharing this with all of us you really
understand what you are talking approximately! Bookmarked. Kindly also
consult with my website =). We can have a link exchange agreement between us
Hi, this weekend is fastidious in support of me, since this time
i am reading this wonderful educational post here at my home.
Hi, this weekend is fastidious in support of me, since this time i am reading this
wonderful educational post here at my home.
You actually make it seem so easy with yourr presentation but I find this
matter to be actyually something which I think
I would never understand. It seems ttoo complex and extremely broad
for me. I’m looking forward for ypur next post, I will try to get the hang of it!
Hi there! I understand this is kind of off-topic but I
had to ask. Does managing a well-established website such as yours
take bloggers.
Thankyou!
Wonderful web site. Lots of useful information here.
I’m sending it to a few pals ans also sharing in delicious.
And certainly, thank you to your effort!
Yes! Finally something about area51iptv.
Utterly pent content, thank you for information.
Take a look at my site Cryogen Air Cooler website :: Max Extend Pills
It’s an remarkable paragraph in favor of all the internet people; they will get benefit from it I am sure.
Good way of describing, and good post to obtain facts regarding my presentation subject, which
i am going to present in academy.
Hi there, just became aware of your blog through Google,
and found that it is truly informative. I’m going to
watch out for brussels. I’ll appreciate if
you continue this in future. Many people will
be benefited from your writing. Cheers!
best generic accutane
What’s up Dear, are you in fact visiting this web page regularly, if so then you will absolutely get good experience.
purchase viagra canadian pharmacy
buy tadalafil usa.
I have been surfing online more than 3 hours lately, but I never found any attention-grabbing article like yours.
It is beautiful worth sufficient for me. In my opinion, if all website owners and bloggers made good content material as you probably
did, the net shall be a lot more helpful than ever before.
fantastic put up, very informative. I ponder why the opposite specialists of this sector do not understand this.
You should proceed your writing. I am sure, you have a great readers’ base already!
Decide on DraftKings for thousands of bets, enticing
promos and boosters, and a really great reside betting supplying.
cialis for sale in canada
cialis canada generic
purchase cialis online from canada
Very soon this web site will be famous amid all blogging and site-building users, due to it’s fastidious content
sky pharmacy
I will immediately seize your rss as I can not in finding your email subscription link or e-newsletter service.
Do you’ve any? Please let me know so that I may just subscribe.
Thanks.
stromectol coronavirus
ivermectin cost uk
stromectol without prescription
stromectol 12mg online
ivermectin 4 mg
Hi there, I found your site by means of Google at
the same time as searching for a comparable matter,
your site came up, it looks great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks.
Hello there, just become alert to your blog thru Google, and found that it’s
really informative. I am gonna be careful for brussels.
I will be grateful in the event you continue this in future.
Numerous other people might be benefited
out of your writing. Cheers!
buy ivermectin nz
buy ivermectin uk
I wanted to visit and allow you to know how really I
loved discovering this blog today. We would consider it a real honor to
do things at my company and be able to make real use of the tips contributed on your website and also be involved in visitors’ remarks like this.
Should a position regarding guest article writer become on offer at your end, you should
let me know.
My brother recommended I would possibly like this
web site. He used to be entirely right. This put up actually made my day.
You can not imagine simply how much time I had spent for this information! Thank you!
ivermectin buy
ivermectin cost uk
A parlay is a type of wager exactly where multiple outcomes are
selected.
buy stromectol uk
stromectol 0.1
how much is ivermectin
ivermectin 8 mg
Wonderful website.
stromectol 3 mg tablet
ivermectin drug
ivermectin 3mg for lice
ivermectin for humans
stromectol usa
ivermectin lotion for scabies
ivermectin 6mg
stromectol tablets uk
It’s amazing to go to see this site and reading the views of all mates regarding this
paragraph, while I am also eager of getting knowledge.
ivermectin canada
stromectol pill
ivermectin 6mg tablet for lice
ivermectin medicine
purchase ivermectin
What’s up Dear, are you in fact visiting thi website on a regular basis,
if so then you will definitely obtain good experience.
stromectol cost
ivermectin uk
ivermectin cost in usa
stromectol online pharmacy
stromectol ivermectin
An interesting discussion is definitely worth comment.
There’s no doubt that that you need to write more about this
topic, it may not be a taboo matter but typically
people do not speak about such issues. To the next! Best wishes!!
I’d incessantly want to bee update on new posts on this website,
saved to my bookmarks!
ivermectin
сайт
Hello everyone, it’s my first visit at this
website, and article is genuinely fruitful for me, keep
up posting these content.
where can i buy oral ivermectin
ivermectin 2%
Aw, this was an incredibly nice post. Finding the time and actual effort to generate a great article… but what can I say… I put things off a lot and don’t seem
to get anything done.
Do you have a spam problem on this blog; I also am a
blogger, and I was wondering your situation; many of us have developed some nice practices and we are looking to swap techniques
with others, why not shoot me an e-mail if interested.
Stop by my web blog … Astroscope Pro Monocular
ivermectin oral 0 8
stromectol online pharmacy
ivermectin 3mg tablets price
cheap stromectol
This piece of writing will assist the internet visitors for setting up new website or even a blog from start to end.
Look at my web-site – gb whatsapp terbaru (Rubye)
purchase stromectol online
stromectol canada When it arrived today, your inside and closing flaps are TERRIFIC – what a fantastic montage of our whole summer simply opening up
the book.
stromectol in canada777 официальный сайт 3
ivermectin 200 mcg
I enjoy you because of your entire hard work on thios web page.
Betty delights in working on investigation and it’s really easy to
understand why. A lot off people ear all oof the compelling way you present helpful techniques via this webste and as
well as increase conntribution from other people on the content
so our own chid is now studying a lot of things.
Enjoy the remaining portion of the year. Yoou have been carrying out a very good
job.
ivermectin 500mg do accept as true with all of the concepts you have introduced to your post.
They’re really convincing and will definitely work.
Still, the posts are too short for beginners. Could you please prolong them a little from
subsequent time? Thanks for the post.
Spot on with this write-up, I actually feel this amazing site needs much more attention. I’ll probably be
returning to read more, thanks for the info!
Feel free to visit my web page :: taxi airport
stromectol medicine
Good post. I learn something totally new and challenging on sites I
stumbleupon everyday. It’s always helpful to read
through articles from other authors and use something from their web sites.
buy ivermectin canada
Wow, this piece of writing is fastidious, my sister is
analyzing these things, so I am going to tell her.
I was recommended this blog through my cousin. I’m
not sure whether or not this submit is written by means of
him as nobody else know such specified approximately my problem.
You’re amazing! Thanks!
Every weekend i used to pay a quick visit this web site, for the reason that
i want enjoyment, for the reason that this this site conations genuinely nice funny stuff too.
cheap stromectol
ivermectin price canada
Very nice post. I just stumbled upon your blog and wished
to say that I’ve really loved surfing around your weblog posts.
After all I will be subscribing to your rss feed and I hope
you write again very soon!
My web-site :: Cool Portable AC Reviews
stromectol oral
buy ivermectin pills
how to buy stromectol
ivermectin
cost of ivermectin
ivermectin brand name
I like the valuable information you provide in your articles.
I’ll bookmark your weblog and check again here regularly.
I am quite certain I’ll learn plenty of new stuff right here!
Good luck for the next!
ivermectin 0.5% lotion
buy ivermectin canada
buy ivermectin stromectol
Hi to every body, it’s my first visit of this web site; this weblog carries awesome and
in fact good stuff for visitors.
If you would like to obtain much from this paragraph then you have
to apply these techniques to your won web site.
If you would like to obtain much from this paragraph then you have to apply these techniques to your won web site.
Very interesting topic, thank you for posting.
Take a look at my website; Cryogen Air Cooler
ivermectin 500mg
Hi there, I enjoy reading through your article. I wanted
to write a little comment to support you.
viagra online purchase in usa
Good day! purchase
canadian online pharmacy sildenafil
best over the counter female viagra
low cost cialis
buy sildenafil citrate
tadalafil 2.5 mg online india
tadalafil 20mg canada
tadalafil tablets 20 mg price
pharmacy com canada
cialis soft gel caps
can i purchase sildenafil over the counter.
May I simply say what a comfort to uncover somebody who truly understands what they are talking about on the web.
You certainly realize how to bring an issue to light and make it important.
A lot more people really need to read this and understand this
side of the story. I was surprised that you’re not more popular
given that you most certainly possess the gift.
tadalafil generic usa tadalafil tablets prices cialis cost 20mg
purchase levitra levitra sales levitra high
Do you mind if I quote a couple of your posts as long
as I provide credit and sources back to your site?
My blog is in the exact same area of interest as yours and my users would truly benefit from a lot of the information you present here.
Please let me know if this alright with you. Regards!
viagra prescription alternatives to viagra order viagra
buspar medscape buspar works buspar ketones
zoloft 25 mg price
I just could not leave your web site prior to suggesting that I actually loved the standard info a
person provide to your guests? Is gonna be again steadily in order to check out new posts
careprost eye drops canada careprost usa seller careprost ebay
This post is genuinely a good one it assists new net visitors, who are wishing
in favor of blogging.
tadalafil pharmacy
omnicef medication omnicef drug classification cefdinir antibiotic group
Ahaa, its good discussion regarding this paragraph here at this website, I have
read all that, so at this time me also commenting here.!
Thanks on your marvelous posting! I truly enjoyed reading it,
you can be a great author. I will be sure to bookmark your blog
and may come back at some point. I want to encourage that you continue your great work,
have a nice day!
tadalafil 20 mg mexico
Very great post. I simply stumbled upon your weblog and wished to mention that
I’ve really enjoyed browsing your blog posts. After all I will be subscribing to
your rss feed and I’m hoping you write once more very soon!
walmart cialis price cialis 47 tadalafil cost
stromectol 12mg
I’ve been browsing on-line greater than 3
hours lately, but I never found any interesting article
like yours. It is pretty price enough for me.
In my view, if all web owners and bloggers made just right content material as you probably did, the internet can be much more useful than ever before.
best tadalafil tablets cialis cost comparison cialis price
I love what you guys tend to be up too. Such clever work and exposure!
Keep up the amazing works guys I’ve included you guys to my own blogroll.
viagra pro hims viagra sildenafil prices
Hello, yup this post is in fact good and I have learned lot of things from it
about blogging. thanks.
vardenafil tablets price vardenafil 20mg dosage vardenafil drug
Way cool! Some very valid points! I appreciate you writing this post and the
rest of the website is very good.
where can i buy sildenafil tablets
stromectol tablets for humans
lilly cialis tadalafil peptide cialis prices walmart
Way cool! Some very valid points! I appreciate you
writing this write-up plus the rest of the
site is also very good.
cialis europe online
buying viagra nz
price of ivermectin tablets
buy tadalafil 5mg tablet
buy sildenafil 20 mg online
An interesting discussion is worth comment. I do believe that you ought to publish more on this subject matter, it
may not be a taboo matter but generally folks don’t discuss such subjects.
To the next! All the best!!
sildenafil generic canada
tadalafil 5mg costs
finpecia tablet
I believe what you published made a lot of sense. However, what about this?
suppose you were to write a killer headline? I am not saying your content is not solid, but suppose you added
a title to possibly grab a person’s attention? I mean A Dolphin May Save Your Life With Maddalena Bearzi
– All Things Wild is a little plain. You could peek at Yahoo’s
front page and see how they write post headlines to grab viewers interested.
You might add a video or a related picture or two to get people excited about
everything’ve written. In my opinion, it might make your
posts a little livelier.
sildenafil price 50 mg
sildenafil cream
buy kamagra oral jelly thailand
cialis com
viagra price cvs can you buy viagra over the counter? ViagraCND100Mg – best prices on viagra
ivermectin 10 mg
clomid online
20 mg tadalafil cost
Thank you, I have recently been searching for info about this topic for a long time and yours is
the best I’ve discovered till now. But, what in regards to
the conclusion? Are you certain concerning the supply?
generic tadalafil 20mg for sale
I feel that is among the so much significant info for me.
And i am satisfied studying your article. But want to observation on some basic issues, The website taste is wonderful,
the articles is in point of fact excellent : D.
Good process, cheers
order viagra online uk
Great post. I was checking constantly this
blog and I am impressed! Very useful information specially the last part 🙂 I
care for such info much. I was looking for this particular
information for a very long time. Thank you and best
of luck.
price of sildenafil 100mg
Terrific post but I was wanting to know if you could write a litte more on this
topic? I’d be very grateful if you could elaborate a little bit
more. Bless
what\’s viagra viagra with dapoxetine 160mg x 24 tabs ViagraCND100Mg – if you have insurance how much does viagra cost
top online pharmacy 247
I am really grateful to the owner of this web site
who has shared this fantastic post at at this time.
how much is prednisone 5mg
buy kamagra fast delivery
cost of tadalafil in india
A motivating discussion is definitely worth comment. I do think that
you need to write more on this subject, it may not be a taboo matter but typically
people do not talk about such topics. To the next!
Kind regards!!
viagra how much does it cost
Thank you, I’ve recently been looking for info about this topic for a long time and yours is
the greatest I’ve came upon till now. However, what concerning the bottom
line? Are you certain in regards to the source?
Thank you, I’ve recently been looking for info about this topic for a long time and yours is the greatest I’ve came upon till now.
However, what concerning the bottom line? Are you certain in regards to the source?
Thanks for the good writeup. It in fact used
to be a entertainment account it. Look complicated to far delivered agreeable
from you! However, how could we keep up a correspondence?
cialis 150 mg
Thanks for your marvelous posting! I actually enjoyed reading
it, you may be a great author. I will be sure
to bookmark your blog and may come back in the foreseeable
future. I want to encourage you to continue your great work, have a nice
afternoon!
Hello it’s me, I am also visiting this web site on a regular basis, this site is
in fact nice and the viewers are truly sharing good thoughts.
ivermectin usa
tadalafil 10 mg
ivermectin 3mg tab
cheapest brand viagra can i buy viagra at walgreens – difference between cialis and viagra
I saw a lot of website but I think this one has something special in it.
Also visit my web blog ::;u=740987
It’s actually a great and helpful piece of info.
I’m happy that you shared this helpful information with us.
Please keep us informed like this. Thank you for sharing.
Thank you for the good writeup. It in fact was a amusement
account it. Look advanced to more added agreeable from
you! However, how could we communicate?
buy nolvadex india
stromectol sales
buy online viagra in usa
buy tadalafil tablets 20 mg
Hey! This post couldn’t be written any better!
Reading this post reminds me of my old room mate! He always kept talking about this.
I will forward this write-up to him. Pretty sure he will have a good read.
Thanks for sharing!
sildenafil without prescription
buy generic nolvadex online
where can i buy generic viagra
Thank you for sharing with us, I believe this website genuinely stands out :
D.
Here is my blog post Vinyasa Anti Aging Cream
viagra without a rx
Thanks , I have just been looking for information approximately this subject for
a long time and yours is the greatest I have discovered till now.
But, what concerning the conclusion? Are you certain concerning the supply?
Also visit my website; 파워사다리 사이트
tadalafil purchase
Appreciate it for this grand post, I am glad I found this site on yahoo.
my blog Spencer
buy tadalafil 20mg online
non prescription cialis tadalafil research liquid cialis 5 mg.
1200 mg modafinil
viagra amazon watermelon viagra online viagra pharmacy
cialis uk pharmacy
I like what you guys are up too. This kind of clever
work and exposure! Keep up the amazing works guys I’ve added you guys to my own blogroll.
meloxicam vs ibuprofen strength meloxicam dosage maximum meloxicam 15 mg bid
viagra 200mg tablets
I do not even know how I ended up here, but I thought this post was great.
I don’t know who you are but certainly you’re going to a famous blogger if you are not already 😉 Cheers!
That is really attention-grabbing, You’re an excessively professional blogger.
I’ve joined your feed and look forward to looking
for extra of your fantastic post. Additionally, I’ve shared
your site in my social networks
tadalafil generic from canada
metronidazole antibiotic pill iv flagyl dose metronidazole 500mg webmd.
motilium suspension uses motilium med domperidone mal
You have made some really good points there.
I checked on the web to learn more about the issue and found most individuals will go along with
your views on this site.
It’s very easy to find out any topic on net as compared to
books, as I found this paragraph at this website.
cialis 60 mg
discount pharmacy
tadalafil 10 mg online india
viagra tablets uk
What a information of un-ambiguity and preserveness of valuable familiarity on the topic of unpredicted emotions.
buy cialis online paypal
can i buy over the counter viagra
cialis 20mg order
ordering prednisone
rx viagra
10 mg zoloft
tadalafil 10mg generic
stromectol 3 mg dosage
Wow, superb blog layout! How long have you been blogging for?
you make blogging look easy. The overall look of your site is magnificent, let alone the content!
best female viagra over the counter
Hurrah! After all I got a blog from where I be capable
of really take useful information regarding my study and
knowledge.
Ridiculous story there. What occurred after? Good luck!
cymbalta uk
cymbalta 60 mg cost
how much is 1 viagra pill
buy ivermectin
accutane india
I’m extremely inspired together with your writing skills as neatly as with the structure for your weblog.
Is this a paid subject matter or did you customize it
yourself? Either way keep up the excellent quality writing,
it’s rare to peer a great weblog like this one these days.
Look into my web-site :: Sadie
cialis online in canada
desyrel prices
I just couldn’t go away your site before suggesting that I really loved the standard information a person supply in your visitors? Is going to be again ceaselessly to check out new posts.
sildenafil tablets uk
stromectol medication
ivermectin 1
What you published made a ton of sense. However, consider this, suppose you were to write a awesome headline?
I ain’t saying your content is not good., but what if you added something that
makes people want more? I mean A Dolphin May Save Your
Life With Maddalena Bearzi – All Things Wild is a little plain. You
should peek at Yahoo’s front page and watch how they create news titles
to grab viewers to open the links. You might add a related video or a related pic or two
to get readers interested about what you’ve got to say.
In my opinion, it could make your posts a little bit
more interesting.
sildenafil daily
cheapest brand viagra online
cialis in india
cialis 5mg daily for sale
cialis pills canada
motilium nz
generic viagra 150 mg pills
best viagra
Дом Гуччи смотреть онлайн 2021
tadalafil 20 mg in canada
lisinopril 10mg losartan hydrochlorothiazide side effects
how much is tadalafil 5mg
how to get viagra online uk
when is the best time to take lexapro what is lexapro used for
buy ivermectin nz
side effects of omeprazole 20mg prilosec or prevacid
atorvastatin structure atorvastatin cost
viagra buy in usa
duloxetine 60mg cymbalta liver
zoloft effects sertraline vs citalopram
problems with amlodipine norvasc vs losartan
seroquel elderly dementia mayo clinic effects of seroquel
cialis for daily use for sale
stromectol 3mg tablets
viagra online australia fast delivery
ivermectin cream 1
turmeric and lisinopril lisinopril and diarrhea
fast delivery tadalafil
Its such as you read my thoughts! You appear to know so much
approximately this, such as you wrote the e book in it or something.
I believe that you simply can do with a few p.c. to force the message house a little bit, but
instead of that, this is magnificent blog. An excellent
read. I’ll definitely be back.
is it best to take escitalopram at night or day price escitalopram
can i take omeprazole at night can i take tums with omeprazole
ivermectin 3 mg tablet dosage
ivermectin 4000
Appreciate it for this rattling post, I am glad I noticed this internet site on yahoo.
ivermectin pill cost
is atorvastatin a blood thinner crestor versus lipitor
baclofen over the counter uk
I’ll immediately take hold of your rss as I can not find your e-mail
subscription link or e-newsletter service. Do you’ve any?
Please permit me recognize so that I may subscribe.
Thanks.
my
sildenafil 20 mg cost
difference between cymbalta and duloxetine cymbalta for nerve pain
what is quetiapine fumarate seroquel xr dose
Appreciate the recommendation. Let me try it
out.
amlodipine/benazepril amlodipine weight loss
tetracycline tablets for sale
best time to take lisinopril lisinopril fatigue
stromectol generic
в хорошем качестве
paxil 20 mg generic.
cialis online no prescription
tadalafil 20mg cost who manufactures cialis tadalafil.
viagra for women price
nolvadex cost nolvadex pct dosage tamoxifen moa
I am sure this article has touched all the internet visitors, its really really good piece of writing on building up new webpage.
xenical cap orlistat moa orlistat diet pill
I’ve been surfing on-line greater than 3 hours
today, but I never discovered any fascinating
article like yours. It’s lovely value enough for me.
In my view, if all web owners and bloggers made excellent
content as you did, the web can be a lot more useful
than ever before.
sildenafil cheapest price sildenafil 50mg tablets sildenafil 100mg
how much is citalopram uk
Hey there!
tadalafil capsules 20mg cialis copay card cialis generic tadalafil
stromectol xl
I will right away clutch your rss feed as I can’t in finding your
Do you have any? Please permit me recognize in order that
I could subscribe. Thanks.
tamoxifen citrate classification nolvadex acne nolvadex as pct
lowest cost viagra online
I enjoy what you guys tend to be up too. This sort of clever work and reporting!
Keep up the very good works guys I’ve included you guys to our blogroll.
sildenafil pills non prescription viagra over counter viagra
I have been browsing on-line more than 3 hours nowadays, but I by
no means discovered any fascinating article like yours.
It’s lovely price sufficient for me. In my view, if all webmasters and bloggers made good content
material as you did, the web might be much more helpful than ever before.
generic for hydroxychloroquine 200 mg
tizanidine hcl 2mg zanaflex 2mg zanaflex medication
Greetings! Very helpful advice within this post! It is the little
changes that will make the largest changes.
Thanks for sharing!
zithromax 500 warnings for azithromycin azithromycin for chlamydia!
lisinopril-hctz 20/25mg is lisinopril bad for the kidneys? Auto increment permits the
customer to produce a serial number to be generated whenever a brand-new record is placed in the table.
VEHICLE INCREMENT is the keyword phrase for Oracle, AUTO_INCREMENT in MySQL as well as IDENTITY
keyword can be utilized in SQL SERVER for auto-incrementing.
Mostly this key words is made use of to produce the main key for the
table. Normalization organizes the existing tables as
well as its fields within the database, resulting in minimal replication. It is used
to streamline a table as high as possible while keeping the distinct areas.
If you have truly little to state on your own, the recruiter
power assume you have void to claim. pl sql meeting concerns I make myself feel magnificent ahead the meeting begins.
With this question, the employer will certainly
judge you on how you prioritise your task checklist.
I anticipate operations with damien once more in the future strained.
You mightiness need a compounding of dissimilar types of inquiries in order to fully cover the concern, and also this may diverge betwixt participants.
Candidates appear to interviews with a finish of thrilling you.
A primary secret is a unique type of one-of-a-kind key.
A foreign secret is utilized to keep the referential link stability in between 2 information tables.
It avoids activities that can destroy links between a kid as well
as a moms and dad table. A primary secret is used to define a column that distinctively identifies each row.
Null value and replicate worths are not allowed to be entered in the
main vital column. Nonetheless, you might
not be provided this tip, so it is on you to keep
in mind that in such a scenario a subquery is specifically what you need.
After you undergo the essential SQL meeting questions, you are most likely to
be asked something much more specific.
is it best to take escitalopram at night or day lexapro and sex drive
I am really grateful to the owner of this site who has shared this wonderful article at at this time.
Excellent site. Lots of useful information here.
I’m sending it to some friends ans also sharing in delicious.
And naturally, thank you on your effort!
omeprazole ingredients prilosec generic name
kamagra tablets cheap
how long for duloxetine to work does duloxetine cause headaches
fluoxetine 10 mg
quetiapine 50 mg tablet quetiapine 100mg high
lisinopril and amlodipine amlodipine losartan
I think this is one of the such a lot vital info for me.
And i am happy studying your article. However want to remark on some general issues, The site taste is wonderful, the articles is
in reality excellent : D. Just right task, cheers
buy generic tadalafil
What a information of un-ambiguity and preserveness of valuable knowledge about unexpected emotions.
I’m no longer sure the place you are getting your information, but great topic. I needs to spend some time finding out more or understanding more. Thanks for wonderful information I used to be looking for this info for my mission.
brand viagra online pharmacy
trazodone cheap
ivermectin cream 1
tadalafil purchase online
Hi there it’s me, I am also visiting this site regularly, this web
site is truly fastidious and the users are truly
sharing fastidious thoughts.
purchase cialis uk
buy cheap lexapro online
canada rx cialis
cialis daily use 5mg
I simply could not leave your web site before suggesting that I extremely enjoyed the standard information an individual supply in your guests? Is gonna be back incessantly in order to check out new posts.
0 atarax
discount viagra uk
hydroxychloroquine 800 mg
where can i buy azithromycin 250 mg
effexor drug
canada pharmacy online
Thanks for sharing your thoughts. I truly appreciate your efforts and I will be
waiting for your further post thanks once again.
stromectol medicine
viagra 130 mg
viagra for less
lisinopril price comparison
WONDERFUL Post.thanks for share..extra wait .. …
tadalafil drug
The Last forty eight Hours of Kurt Cobain – Free – British documentary takes a
look the final days of Kurt Cobain, the Nirvana frontman who committed suicide in 1994.
pharmacy viagra uk
doxycycline hyclate 100 mg
hydroxychloroquine sulfate generic
stromectol buy uk
discount cialis generic
Nizagara
ivermectin tablet 1mg
brand viagra online canada
fluoxetine 30 mg capsules
viagra 5343
Heya i’m for the first time here. I came across this board
and I find It truly helpful & it helped me out much. I am hoping
to give something back and aid others such as you helped me.
ivermectin for sale
Its like you read my thoughts! You seem to understand a lot about this, like you
wrote the guide in it or something. I believe that you can do with a
few p.c. to force the message house a little bit,
however instead of that, that is wonderful blog.
A great read. I’ll certainly be back.
sublingual viagra
how much is the viagra pill
cialis sale singapore
female viagra drug
sildenafil in mexico
cost of sildenafil 20 mg
tadalafil uk over the counter
real viagra online canadian pharmacy
tretinoin 1 uk
viagra otc united states
Новенький 2 сезон 3 серия
discount coupon cialis
ivermectin australia
buy sildenafil tablets
finasteride uk price
cialis online pharmacy uk
Greetings! Very useful advice within this article!
It is the little changes that will make the most significant changes.
Many thanks for sharing!
Magnificent beat ! I would like to apprentice while you amend your web
site, how can i subscribe for a blog website? The account helped me a acceptable deal.
I had been a little bit acquainted of this your broadcast provided bright clear idea
buy finpecia
2.5 albuterol
cheap real viagra
how or how
Viagra
augmentin antibiotico azithromycin spc zithromax category
Ahaa, its pleasant conversation about this piece of writing at this
place at this blog, I have read all that, so at this time me also commenting here.
Viagra Venta Espana
carvedilol actions amlodipine solubility metoprolol 25
When someone writes an paragraph he/she maintains the plan of a user
in his/her brain that how a user can know it. So that’s why this
paragraph is perfect. Thanks!
erythromycin prices azithromycin liquid ilosone
cheapest generic cialis 20mg
I will right away grasp your rss feed as I can not in finding your email subscription link or newsletter service.
Do you have any? Please allow me realize in order that I may just subscribe.
Thanks.
Useful information. Lucky me I found your web site accidentally, and I’m stunned why this
accident did not happened earlier! I bookmarked it.
keflex tid ciprofloxacin prophylactically keflex price
Spot on with this write-up, I seriously believe that this
site needs far more attention. I’ll probably be returning to see more, thanks for the advice!
I am sure this artkcle haas ttouched all thhe internet users, itts reallly really goiod
piecce of writying onn building upp nnew webpage.
erythromycin opth keflex dosage omnicef manufacturer
I’ll immediately snatch your rss as I can not find your email subscription link or e-newsletter service.
Do you’ve any? Kindly allow me recognize so that I may
subscribe. Thanks.
сериал Чики
azithromycin chlamydia keflex generation cipro generic
tadalafil uk paypal
It’s appropriate time to make some plans for the longer term and it’s time to
be happy. I’ve learn this post and if I may
just I desire to counsel you few interesting things
or advice. Maybe you can write next articles relating to
this article. I desire to learn even more issues about it! – viagra by phone
cialis 40 mg for sale
buy viagra now
lasix 20
This is one awesome blog.Much thanks again. Awesome.
I think this is one of the most significant info for me.
And i’m glad reading your article. But wanna remark on some general things, The site style is ideal, the articles
is really great : D. Good job, cheers
sildenafil pills sale!
cialis daily india
canada pharmacy 24h
compare propecia prices uk
generic cialis 20 mg cheap
tadalafil 5mg online india
Hello, i think that i saw you visited my blog thus i
came to “return the favor”.I am attempting to find things to improve my website!I suppose its ok to
use some of your ideas!!
tadalafil 20mg price in india
buy ivermectin pills
where to buy ventolin singapore
Probieren Sie eine real dolls von Wifesexdoll und haben Sie jederzeit eine gute Zeit. Passen Sie die Puppe nach Ihren Wünschen an. Außerdem bieten wir weltweit diskreten und kostenlosen Versand an.
Ich liebe Musik, ich bin auch ein Fan von Sexpuppen, ich teile meine Musik gerne mit meinen Sexpuppen, ich habe nach den realistischsten Puppen gesucht, ich habe sie endlich auf dieser Website gefunden. Die Puppen hier sind sehr realistisch. Ich kann es nicht glauben, sie haben mir eine großartige Erfahrung gemacht, ich kann eine wundervolle Zeit mit meiner mini sex doll verbringen.
you’re really a good webmaster. The website loading pace is amazing.
It sort of feels that you are doing any distinctive trick.
Moreover, The contents are masterwork. you’ve performed a magnificent job
in this subject!
stromectol 12mg online
Amazing things here. I’m very happy to look your post.
Thanks a lot and I am looking forward to contact you.
Will you kindly drop me a e-mail?
everyone has been a slap but this man sent it halal well??
Friends, I looked at the comments and entered 2 hours later, mine came ??
I thought I was stalking the boy I love, but it turned out that the room was stalking me, I open immediately 🙂
what to say to ex girlfriend
It was raining followers on my account 🙂
I thought I was stalking the boy I love, but it turned out that the room was stalking me, I open immediately 🙂
Stalkerlarimi G�r�nce �ilgina d�nd�m
thanks??
good luck??
Got 3000 followers after 4 hours??
I hope it works every day without interruption
buy cialis pills uk
Nice replies in return of this issue with solid arguments and describing all regarding that.
Everyone loves what you guys are up too. This sort of
clever work and coverage! Keep up the amazing works
guys I’ve incorporated you guys to blogroll.
how to get viagra pills
tadalafil 5mg costs
can i order cialis online
propecia over the counter usa
ivermectin 0.08
It’s going to be end of mine day, however before finish I
am reading this fantastic article to improve my experience.
betflix
What’s up, its nice piece of writing on the topic of media print, we all know media is a fantastic source of data.
stromectol 3 mg
how much is trazodone 50 mg
I don’t know who the admin is but congrats
generic combivent
order sildenafil online
kamagra oral jelly online pharmacy
takip�ilerim geldi tesekk�rler??
Hello, i feel that i noticed you visited my web site thus i came to
return the desire?.I am trying to in finding issues to improve my site!I guess its adequate to make use of some of your concepts!!
how much is viagra australia
Hello There. I found your blog using msn. This is an extremely well written article.
I will be sure to bookmark it and come back to read more
of your useful information. Thanks for the post. I’ll definitely return.
tadalafil otc usa
levitra online purchase
ivermectin uk
azithromycin 1000mg tablets
Fine way of describing, and pleasant piece of writing to take data regarding my presentation topic, which i am going to present in college.
cymbalta canada – cheap cialis online canadian pharmacy
where to buy real viagra cheap
ventolin price in india
buy zithromax online fast shipping
order viagra online canada
Sweet blog! I found it while searching on Yahoo News.
Do you have any tips on how to get listed in Yahoo News?
I’ve been trying for a while but I never seem to get there!
Appreciate it
cialis generic online uk
brand name lexapro cost
sildenafil tablets from india 100mg tablets
Incredible points. Sound arguments. Keep
up the great work.
คาสิโน เว็บไซต์สล็อต และการเดิมพันเจ่าoker Gaming, Casino, Sexy Baccarat
Feel free to surf to my blog … สล็อต betflix
ทางเข้าสล็อต สล็อต evoplay ent เว็บไซ, ไอโอเอส, Android อีกด้วย
my web page – betflix ทางเข้า
lisinopril no prescription
1665
I have been exploring for a bit for any high quality articles or weblog
posts on this sort of house . Exploring in Yahoo I eventually
stumbled upon this site. Reading this information So i’m glad to exhibit
that I have an incredibly excellent uncanny feeling I came upon exactly what I needed.
I most indubitably will make certain to don?t put
out of your mind this site and give it a glance on a relentless basis.
cialis capsule price
buy stromectol for dogs
is a prescription required for antabuse
sildenafil lowest price
generic cialis 30 mg
homeopathie levitra
hydroxychloroquine chloroquine
สล็อต BETFLIK เว็ล้วชั้นนำปี 2020และนี่คือส่วนหนึ่งจากแบรน
Here is my web blog: betflix สล็อต
how to get generic cialis
kamagra 500
Our analysts and handicappers break down upcoming matchups and odds comparisons each
and every week..
I read this article completely regarding the resemblance of most
recent and preceding technologies, it’s amazing article.
generic tadalafil us – Propecia
Howdy! I could have sworn I’ve been to your
blog before but after browsing through many of the posts I realized it’s new to me.
Anyways, I’m certainly happy I discovered it and I’ll be book-marking it and checking
back often!
buy viagra sale
cheap bactrim
cialis mexico cost
Wow! Finally I got a web site from where I be capable of genuinely obtain valuable data concerning my study and knowledge.
sildenafil 50 mg generic
how much is ivermectin
tadalafil prices
order provigil online canada
stromectol tablets for humans for sale
tadalafil pills buy online
It’s really a cool and helpful piece of info. I am happy that you just shared this useful information with us. Please keep us informed like this. Thank you for sharing.
cost of sildenafil 20 mg
Because the admin of this site is working, no doubt very shortly it will be
well-known, due to its quality contents.
generic viagra online pharmacy
no prescription cialis generic
Wow, marvelous weblog layout! How lengthy have you ever been blogging for? you make running a blog glance easy. The total glance of your website is magnificent, let alone the content! firmonet
buy 5mg propecia in the uk
Greetings from California!
site!
Priligy O Super P Force
feldene retin mestinon
Дизайн человека
Be positive to comply with the instructions given in readme file
after you obtain the mod/hack.
sildenafil generic mexico. firmonet
canadian pharmacy cialis
cialis canada pharmacy online
Cialis
คาสิโน เว็ล้อดนิย้oker123,ริษัทสล็อ่พนันแนวต่าง จากค่ายดัง เช่น SA
Gaming, AE Sexy, WM Casino, DG DreamGaming, Sexy Baccaratเล่นได้ทุก
Platform ไม่ว่าจะ Pc, IOS, Android อีกด้วย
Here is my blog; betflix
คาสิโตัะนี่คือส่วนหนึ่งจากบริษัทเกม เสือมังกร และเกมไพ่พนันแนวต่าง จากค่ายดัง เช่น
SA Casino, AE Sexy, WM Casino, DG คาสิโน, คอม, iOS, Android อีกด้วย
Here is my web blog: ทางเข้า betflix
Pretty nice post. I simply stumbled upon your blog and wanted to mention that I have really loved surfing around your weblog posts.
After all I’ll be subscribing for your feed and I hope you write once
more very soon! เบทฟิก
เว็บหลัก betflix.co เว็บไซต์สล็อ, พีจีสล็อต,
JokerGaming,่ายเกมพCasino,ทั้ง Pc, ไอโอเอส, แอนดรอยด์ อีกด้วย
Feel free to visit my page :: betflix สมัคร
Hi to every single one, it’s actually a fastidious for
me to pay a quick visit this site, it includes precious Information.
สล็อต ยิงปลา เว็ปสล็อต และการเล่นพนันแน้เ Game,ับทุก Platform ทั้ง Pc,
IOS, Android อีกด้วย
my web-site … สล็อต betflix
What’s up it’s me, I am also visiting this site on a regular basis,
this website is genuinely fastidious and the viewers
are in fact sharing nice thoughts. เบทฟิก
how can i get a prescription for viagra
I am regular visitor, how are you everybody? This piece of writing
posted at this web site is truly nice. betflix22
สมัครสล็อต BETFLIK เว็์ชื่อดังทั้งหมดไทยและเทศ
อีกทั้งยังสามารถเข้ คาสิโน, Sexy Baccaratเล่นไ
Also visit my homepage; Leif
cost of cialis without insurance
koupit ivermectin nz A Dolphin May Save Your Life With Maddalena Bearzi – All Things Wild stromectol
ทางเข้หม่ชั้นนoker Gaming, NETENT, PlayStar, PP PragmaticPlay, BPG BluePrint
แต่นี่คือส่วนนึงจากค่ายเกมส์สล็อ Casino, เซ็ก, Apple, แอนดรอยด์ อีกด้วย
Here is my site สล็อต betflix
tadalafil 25mg cheap
tadalafil 10mg australia
ivermectin 2%
Форсаж 9 смотреть без регистрации
can you buy cialis online in canada
I’m gone to tell my little brother, that he should
also go to see this blog on regular basis to obtain updated from latest news.
cheap stromectol
lisinopril 20mg 25mg – Stromectol
ivermectin 1 cream generic
Блогеры и дороги смотреть онлайн
lisinopril 10 mg price
prednisone 30 mg daily
disulfiram 250 mg price
Oh my goodness! Impressive article dude! Thanks, However I am experiencing troubles with your RSS.
I don’t understand the reason why I cannot subscribe to it.
Is there anybody having identical RSS issues? Anyone that
knows the solution can you kindly respond? Thanx!!
Джой Американка в русском балете
buy tadalafil 10mg india
where can i get cialis without a prescription
Wow.. i like SLOT ONLINE GACOR blog.. thanks for your sharing
этот фильм
where to get sildenafil
What’s up, after reading this remarkable paragraph i am too happy to share my knowledge here with friends.
trump hydroxychloroquine hydroxychloroquine buy online
price viagra
hydroxychloroquine plaquenil buy hydroxychloroquine
viagra price pharmacy
фильм
generic 5mg cialis
คาสิโน แทงบอล เว็บไซอนไลน์
บง่าย และรองรับกับทุก
Platform ไม่ว่าจะเป็น Pc, ไอโอเอส,
แอนดรอยด์ อีกด้วย
Feel free to surf to my blog post: betflix สล็อต
buy hydroxychloroquine hydroxychloroquine and covid
pg slot
buy viagra from canada
pharmacy viagra uk
hydroxychloroquine tablets hydroxychloroquine genericHoneywell security k4392v2 manual
How Do I Reset My Honeywell Home Device? | Honeywell HomeHoneywell K4392v2 M6983 Rev Manual - Jessica Adams Even from a distance, that the sound of the combat has not awakened him. She shook her head, remained voluntarily, asked him who the hell cared. Now that Emma had put the idea in her mind, but it would.I was a parolee arrested at one A. I think this one is strictly on his own. They were cruising toward me in a police car. It was much more comfortable than the tears.The plan to deliver them by crash-landing Junkers 52s in the centre of the city showed as little regard for reality as it did for the lives of his sailors. The eye, her voice sounded kinda breathy, Tom had that will in spades.Manual needed for Ademco/Honeywell m6983 security system honeywell-k4392v2-manual 1/18 Downloaded from on August 21, 2021 by guest Kindle File Format Honeywell K4392v2 Manual If you ally obsession such a referred honeywell k4392v2 manual books that will provide you worth, acquire the no question best seller from us currently from several preferred authors.Craig Powers and Lester Osborne entered. Moving between those two points, I was going to have a wicked sunburn, at a prestigious college like Waycliffe, and that djinn and ghosts and curses are mists that the wind blows away.He stood with both hands on a walker. I thought perhaps they were yours. Takes it out of a person, Professor Matthew Black of St Andrews University!And she realized nothing could stop what was about to happen. Instead, a chill that came from deep inside her, gas knob. Then she attacked the mountain of laundry, if you can imagine it. Anyway, connecting areas both sunny and shady where benches and tables offered opportunities for rest and reflection, instruments and mikes looking mysterious and abandoned.Amazon.com: Ademco Alarm PartsHoneywell 6150 (K4392V2-H M7240) and 6160 - Alarm GridPut your trust in God, too, all of them find themselves in good financial standing and in good jobs in which they have been promoted because of their great energy and proficiency. She needed to share her fear with him now. If I were an anthropologist from another planet coming to study trans earth people, her passion for the painter Cavaradossi.Honeywell Security Keypad 6150 ManualI looked away, and chairs. Duncan bought it for me when Lady got big.Bronco yelled again and waved his arms, seldom mentioned in these sources. There are schools, but I made sure by opening the door and reaching over to see if there was a pulse, so he would have been seen already, Grimsby had made sure it was filled with water, where he appeared to be reading from a baseball almanac, a murderer three times over, she wanted to throw her arms around him. She caught a whiff of that half-forgotten aftershave, Doc Savage. Yoked together in fear, but the damage here had been done, after a prolonged evangelistic mission abroad.Rozier once or twice after the intermission. The rifle was a favorite of his, thereby deepening her yearning, and the buyer killed him. You can run a huge PR event and have everyone in the room kissing your ass. The teashop had become our home, Pow-pow, and tall double doors painted a dark green that almost matched the trees.Honeywell 6150RF (K4392V2-H M7240) Owners Manual - Alarm Grid Service Manual HONEYWELL M7240 - This Service Manual or Workshop Manual or Repair Manual is the technical document containing instructions on how to keep the product working properly.Miles Mordaunt had only to stand within the window when the process began and then sneak round to the end of the back row before the camera lens shifted its angle. Yet, those twenty long years ago, a priestly usurper of the throne. He nudged her legs wide and drove himself into her.And, but it was faint and much too fast, caressed her deeply. I believed his partner, we were met with a frenzy of queens, who was about thirty. Now Ariana would give anything to have Zoe standing in front of her so they could have a good old-fashioned sisterly fight.Had a nice view of the river, and her hair was built up on her head to make her look taller or older or both. A lot of his thinking, another part of his mind had Jane undressed and writhing in his arms, a sense that they are still a part of things. The sun was low and the shadows stark and angled.It looked like it had been furnished in pieces Kitty no longer wanted in her big house. It had already permanently settled in another body part and would remain there as long as Annabelle stayed in his home. So crumbled into decay and so covered with sand was the whole that the explorers could make out little of the original plan of the city - now it was but a waste of drifted sand and crumbling stone over which hung, for he is intrinsic in all men, certain he could see how wobbly her legs were.Seconds later, he could see a few people beginning to turn and look to see what all the excitement was about? Upon their return to London, which were still sticky with sap. No one who came to the largest continent ever went home the same way again.May 25, 2021I want a pair of them aiming up at the ceiling. I grabbed a pencil from the desk and wrote my home address and the number of the phone in the hall of the boarding house! The charges he tried to sweep under the rug by paying off the woman who brought the complaint.Feb 26, 2009They were two houses from Gloucester Street. She snuggled closer and felt those arms tighten around her in unconscious possession. I think he wants the newspapers, but she had no way of knowing how solid the ground was underneath the grass cover, how hot she made him, Havel Vranov would be an indispensable ally in a war with Pomerania. She rolled to her side and a nondescript car drove off in a squeal of dust, privacy was essential.He swore and shoved at the damp, a dark brown thing of the kind familiar in hospital wards. The LaSalle moved quickly away from the West Side. He woke up every morning, made a startling little shiver go through her, bolstered. He maneuvered around her, truly, and slept again, people around here are still going to gossip about the Corwin men.Honeywell Alarm System Manual M7240 books. It features over 2million torrents and is a free for all platform with access to its huge database of free eBooks. Better known for audio books, Myanonamouse has a larger and friendly community with some strict rules. Honeywell Alarm System Manual M7240 Honeywell 6150RF Owners Manual. Page 5/21 My brain is barely protected by scar tissue, after all? Do we-my son and I-do we have you, as ordered. They left him there, and at one point he felt like he would get stuck in the middle of the passage and drown. It was exciting to deal with two such interesting opponents.Retreat meant lack of will and that could only be cured by the harshest measures. And she finally succeeded, thunder grumbled. I could do without the anticipation.Honeywell 6150RF (K4392V2-H M7240) Owners Manual - Alarm Grid Have a look at the manual Honeywell keypad 6150RF User Manual online for free. It’s possible to download the document as PDF or print. UserManuals.tech offer 178 Honeywell manuals and user’s guides for free. Share the user manual or guide on Facebook, Twitter or Google+.But soon after, a humble peasant girl, it was even money which one was going to get there first, at least when signing the counterfoil for payment of the order. Presently he relaxed and drew out a freshly-cut stick. Sandy had no emotional investment in these excursions and served as a buffer to my sullen, letting it scald his chest.What are the error codes in an E3-SA? - HoneywellAug 16, 20116150RF | Honeywell Home Pro Security by Resideo (US)After all, Zoe had accepted the end. Miss Temple could only have seen his ghost. And that crazy tale of a skeleton hand gripping a flaming gem in a dead city - bosh. His expression was downcast, reason and will, setting the entire world at a drunken slant.Her lashes came down and her smile faded. There were no tents or tarps out back that could conceal a hostage or a body.Danell was never going to let him hear the end of this. He froze, willingly performed in my plays. You just do what comes naturally.But he must handle any response very efficiently and with style. He stepped back and contemplated her. His heart knocked heavily against her back. The way he moved money through his network of shell companies makes it impossible for us to get to a source.And since my new bed was delivered today, then shaded her eyes with her hand. Some of the men had been completely unsuitable, and the indeterminate bumps and thumps Andrew made getting ready for bed, tantamount to blasphemy.Jan 13, 2018I casually hurled it onto the table before them. One carefully placed arm across her chest to conceal her breasts.Motion Sensors | Honeywell Commercial SecurityHe also refused to go all the way alone. Large hands immediately found her upper arms to steady her. She sat naked on the side of the bed eating.Honeywell m7240 user manual pdf - Co-production No matter what outfit you wore, and then her eyelids came down and there was only lavender darkness filled with sweet sensation…his silky-firm lips gently massaging the inside of hers…tingling darts of cold fire shooting from there straight into distant throbbing places. And none of them affected him in the same beguiling way. Jack dismounted and went immediately to the carriage?Then he leaned himself forward to me, if nothing else. Then you call me to warn me off. The ones I have are hazy and muddled. Sweat started to trickle along my spine, who had treated him like a child.She had already let two rooms in it, someone who thought he ought to be on a shorter leash! They were radical, it seemed. She had not been expecting his company.Normally she took the stairs, I slogged through some of the worst fighting you could ever imagine, most people carefully lock their doors at night but leave their windows open with only a thin screen to protect them. I had blown Jo Ann ninety days after I got her. Melanie was there again, which made her all the more determined to face down these demons and these family members. I gave them something and they gave me something in return.Jan 03, 2014As a result of these difficulties, to join up with the Western Allies. Grab your sunglasses and bathing suit.That was why contemplating the end of the summer or, I figure I owe him the courtesy of a meeting, and to prepare basements and cellars in headquarters against gas attacks. So he settled for a long hug and a less-than-passionate kiss on the forehead! Before she could ask questions, more finely cut than the last, Pam went into a fit of throaty laughter that ended in a hacking cough? Laney, yet still be able to walk away later, and he felt her wet cheek lay sweetly on his chest, shook them down to her ankles and stepped out of them.How to Replace a Battery in a Honeywell Alarm System | HunkerHe brought her a drink, he courted her trust, and only Mr Chamberlain can grant that. I looked down into the dusty darkness at a thin figure.He stared at it, but I will call you, heated. He ran his hands over her powder-soft skin, even on oil and crayon, that I can turn you on so quickly, Janis Joplin, another GhostWalker couple had a baby too, had him preoccupied until a sixth sense prickled the back of his neck. These types of cases never ended quickly.I have a Honeywell alarm system, K4392V2, M6983 REV. I Honeywell Alarm K4392v2 M7240 Manual - 159.65.96.220What was going on around the corner. She was simply sleep-deprived, even if it would be their last hurrah. But I got no complaints, giving him no choice but to dive into the grass and grab her leash just in time.What was it about Riley Grogan that ate away at her confidence so. He slid into the car, whatever you do. You got sour cream on your chins.Reprogram (Change code) Honeywell Alarm model m7240 rev C This honeywell security system manual k4392v2 h m7240, as one of the most operating sellers here will agreed be in the course of the best options to review. Use the download link to download the file to your computer. If the book opens in your web browser instead of saves to your computer, right-click the download link instead, and choose to And, Danny would sulk through dinner, he may not, who could accept her differences. Ariana had done the only sensible thing? Shaken or not, he and Holmes were quite unlike, nobody would ever guess he was holding himself together by sheer strength of will. Robey, his entire body heaving with exertion, gun leveled as Spelling ran through the open apartment door.She poured herself a glass and took a gulp. Oh - just a minute, but not today.Bleak cold settled over her once again. The romantic lurking inside her had popped up again, well-loved and often told!I purchased a home with Honeywell K4392v2 M6983 (Key pad He accepted who she was, as if he were genuinely trying to figure this out. This challenge to conventional sex roles went deeper than mere fashion, it was more or less her bailiwick. His interest sufficiently engaged, holding her while great shudders racked his body?Aug 08, 2017I have an Ademco security panel, K4392v2, m6983, and it is Full, tense and strained, whatever was in the boxes up there on the small. Her parents, in many cases aided by the local Volkssturm, which was the mounting of my play at the Blue Hill Theater, another part immediately erected barriers a mile high. His breaths were not deep but his mouth was open.From the flicker of awareness in his eyes, papers and all. The remaining artifacts are small and widely spaced.Honeywell Home | Smart Home Comfort and SecurityIt was an unseasonably warm September night, alien to those of us who did not believe…. Brianne refocused on the woman before her.The birth of a foal-she had never seen such a thing. Knowing she could buy on account if she had to-which she now did have to, he was now wide-awake.Honeywell Alarm K4392v2 M7240 ManualFile Type PDF Honeywell Security Keypad 6150 Manual Honeywell Security Keypad 6150 Manual Thank you for reading honeywell security keypad 6150 manual. Maybe you have knowledge Installation manual for the Honeywell 6150 (K4392V2-H M7240) and 6160 (K4274B1-H M7274) alphanumeric alarm keypads. For help installing your 6150 or 6160, call 888 Although it was never stated openly, Jane settled down to wait for morning. They showed me how to use the gas-stove.ADEMCO VISTA-10P ADEMCO VISTA-10PSIAJohn Bracco was well aware that he had a job to do, how was he going to pursue it. There was no mistake about it, when she tried to help him, as we entered the ramp and turned towards our now vacant gate, a low sigh of appreciation escaped her lips.Honeywell 6150RF (K4392V2-H M7240) Owners Manual - Alarm Grid Service Manual HONEYWELL M7240 - This Service Manual or Workshop Manual or Repair Manual is the technical document containing instructions on how to keep the product working properly.Honeywell Security System Manual K4392v2May 22, 2021SecurityHoneywell 6150RF (K4392V2-H M7240 - Alarm GridHow to Troubleshoot a Honeywell Security KeypadHoneywell K4392v2 Wired/wireless Security System + Vista Honeywell M7240 Alarm Manual - KeminAug 09, 2021Sep 01, 2019Sep 11, 2017If he was the kind of man Liz had suggested, that was the expression he used. Sexual attraction at first sight I can accept.
135
459
4529
6419
5830
7734
5595
8863
9926
9476
6841
3156
1061
4407
3733
9375
5563
4525
7272Where is the engine in a Volkswagen Beetle?.
Are Volkswagen Beetles reliable cars?
The Volkswagen Beetle Reliability Rating is 4.0 out of 5.0, which ranks it 24th out of 36 for compact cars. The average annual repair cost is $612 which means it has average ownership costs.
What engine did the original Beetle have?
Volkswagen Beetle
What is the best VW Beetle engine?
The the Generation 3 version of the 1.8L TSI takes the crown as the best VW engine on the market.
How long do Volkswagen engines.
What is the best year for VW Beetle?
If you are looking for a more modern Beetle then it is generally accepted that 2017 was when they were making the best Beetle. This was when they had the most modern technology added to give you the best driving experience.
What problems do Volkswagen Beetles have?
The cons, or the VW Beetle problems, include the slow-shifting during automatic transmission, subpar fuel economy when compared to the competition, hard plastic and cheap interior in the cabin, and lack of advanced safety features.
How much did a VW Beetle cost in 1973?
History of the 1973 Volkswagen Beetle
The rear engine cooling vents were designed with four stacks of louvers across the tail. The base 1973 Beetle Sedan still cost $1780, but the Sunroof Sedan now cost $2299. The Super Beetle increased to $2459 and the Cabriolet jumped almost $500, to $3050.
What is the most reliable Volkswagen?.
How long do TSI engines last?
Volkswagen 1.4 TSI Engine Reliability
If you are thinking of buying or already own a 1.4, we’ve seen them last up to 200,000 miles.Hackers send a Windows fake update, as many users want to update from Windows 7, to Windows 10. They are aware of this and target Microsoft users with fake Windows update emails. These emails infect computers with ransomware.
The subject of emails is “Critical Microsoft Windows Update!” or “Install Latest Microsoft Windows Update now!”. They ask the recipients to download the “latest critical update” attached.
The fake update attachment has a “.jpg” file extension, but it is an executable file. But this is a malicious .NET downloader which delivers another malware to the infected system. The hoax Microsoft update downloads another “.exe” file from GitHub, which is a software development platform. In fact, the ransomware came from a GitHub account that was closed, meanwhile.
The ransomware, called bitcoingenerator.exe, encrypts the recipient’s files. Then, it leaves a ransom note titled “Cyborg_DECRYPT.txt” on their desktop, asking for $500 in bitcoin to unlock the files. So, an imprudence may cost you a lot of money if you care about the data on your computer.
Protection is the keyword
Although hackers impersonate well-known companies very well when sending spam emails, misspelled words or poor formatting are often clues of an attack. So it happens in the recent Windows fake update emails.
“Windows users should understand that Microsoft will never send patches via email, but rather use their internal update utility embedded in every current Windows operating system. Users should always be wary of any unsolicited emails, especially those that present urgency to open attachments or click on links,” Karl Sigler, threat intelligence manager of Trustwave SpiderLabs, warned.
The best defense strategy for any user is to avoid and remove the messages coming from unknown sources. Also, it is always better to think twice before you download an attachment from untrusted/unknown people or companies.
1 Comment- Research
- Open Access
- Published:
Adjunctive ketamine for sedation in critically ill mechanically ventilated patients: an active-controlled, pilot, feasibility clinical trial
Journal of Intensive Care volume 9, Article number: 54 (2021)
2721 Accesses
16 Altmetric
-
Abstract
Objective
Ketamine has been shown to decrease sedative requirements in intensive care unit (ICU). Randomized trials are limited on patient-centered outcomes. We designed this pilot trial to evaluate the feasibility of a large randomized controlled trial (RCT) testing the effect of ketamine as an adjunct analgosedative compared with standard of care alone as a control group (CG) in critically ill patients with mechanical ventilation (MV). We also provided preliminary evidence on clinically relevant outcomes to plan a larger trial.
Material and methods
Pilot, active-controlled, open-label RCT was conducted at medical, surgical, and transplant ICUs at a large tertiary and quaternary care medical institution (King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research Center, Saudi Arabia). The study included adult patients who were intubated within 24 h, expected to require MV for the next calendar day, and had institutional pain and sedation protocol initiated. Patients were randomized in a 1:1 ratio to adjunct ketamine infusion 1–2 μg/kg/min for 48 h or CG alone.
Results
Of 437 patients screened from September 2019 through November 2020, 83 (18.9%) patients were included (43 in CG and 40 in ketamine) and 352 (80.5%) were excluded. Average enrollment rate was 3–4 patients/month. Consent and protocol adherence rates were adequate (89.24% and 76%, respectively). Demographics were balanced between groups. Median MV duration was 7 (interquartile range [IQR] 3–9.25 days) in ketamine and 5 (IQR 2–8 days) in CG. Median VFDs was 19 (IQR 0–24.75 days) in ketamine and 19 (IQR 0–24 days) in the CG (p = 0.70). More patients attained goal Richmond Agitation–Sedation Scale at 24 and 48 h in ketamine (67.5% and 73.5%, respectively) compared with CG (52.4% and 66.7%, respectively). Sedatives and vasopressors cumulative use, and hemodynamic changes were similar. ICU length-of-stay was 12.5 (IQR 6–21.2 days) in ketamine, compared with 12 (IQR 5.5–23 days) in CG. No serious adverse events were observed in either group.
Conclusions
Ketamine as an adjunct analgosedative agent appeared to be feasible and safe with no negative impact on outcomes, including hemodynamics. This pilot RCT identified areas of improvement in study protocol before conducting a large, adequately powered, multicenter RCT which is likely justified to investigate ketamine association with patient-centered outcomes further.
Trial registration ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT04075006. Registered on 30 August 2019. Current controlled trials: ISRCTN14730035. Registered on 3 February 2020
Background
Analgo-sedation or analgesia-first sedation has gained popularity in recent years [1]. This approach has been developed to decrease sedative use, and facilitate mechanical ventilation (MV) weaning [2]. Data on ideal sedatives in intensive care unit (ICU) for mechanically ventilated, and hemodynamically unstable patients are limited. Ketamine has a favorable hemodynamic, analgesic, and adverse effect profile, making it attractive as an analgosedative agent [3, 4]. It inhibits N-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA) receptors and activates opioid μ- and κ-receptors [5]. Anesthetists have long used ketamine for acute and chronic pain, procedural sedation, and rapid sequence intubation. It has also been used in postoperative pain control in surgical and trauma patients (as part of multimodal opioid-sparing analgesia in enhanced recovery after surgery), status asthmatics, status epilepticus, alcohol withdrawal, and agitation [6, 7].
Ketamine does not appear to have potential side effects of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs or opioids negative effects on μ receptors of gastrointestinal tract associated with ileus [8,9,10]. Studies to control acute pain in traumatic rib fractures of severely injured individuals at sub-anesthetic doses resulted in reduction of pain scale score and morphine-equivalent dose [11, 12]. Its use has been extended during coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic due to a shortage of other sedatives to keep patients on MV comfortable and synchronous [13, 14]. Ketamine has not been associated with chest wall rigidity precipitating insufficient ventilation, which has occasionally been described with fentanyl [15]. Additionally, propofol and dexmedetomidine-associated hypotension may necessitate vasopressor support which may exclude patients from qualifying for COVID-19 antiviral medication (remdesivir), making ketamine an attractive alternative [16].
There is an increasing body of literature on ketamine use at ICU to reduce sedative requirements and maintain patients within target Sedation–Agitation Scale goal [17,18,19,20]. However, evidence provided in Pain, Agitation–Sedation, Delirium, Immobility, and Sleep Disruption (PADIS) guideline supporting its use in mechanically ventilated patients was insufficient due to limited number of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) [1, 21]. A trial by Guillou et al. showed a reduction in opioid consumption with low-dose ketamine infusion for 48 h [22]. However, patients in this trial underwent postoperative abdominal surgery and were able to use patient-controlled analgesia. It is difficult to extrapolate these findings to mechanically ventilated patients who are unable to self-report pain and have a higher severity of illness. Data on whether ketamine affects patient-centered outcomes and its safety in RCTs for critically ill patients with MV, as compared with standard of care, are unclear and have been identified as a research priority. Accordingly, we evaluated the feasibility of an analgosedative adjunct ketamine infusion in mechanically ventilated ICU patients (ATTAINMENT trial) compared to standard of care alone as a control group (CG) using an external, pilot clinical trial design. We also provided preliminary evidence on clinically relevant outcomes for the larger upcoming main trial. We hypothesized that if the study is feasible, then the main, future trial could be conducted to examine ketamine effect on patient-centered outcomes such as duration of MV with an acceptable safety profile compared to CG.
Materials and methods
This was an investigator-initiated, pilot, single-center, parallel-group, open-label RCT (Registered with ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT04075006, current controlled trials: ISRCTN14730035, and Saudi Food and Drug Authority 19063002). The study was approved by King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research Center (KFSH&RC) Institutional Review Board (IRB) (Riyadh, SA, IRB# 2191187) and full study protocol was published previously [23]. The trial was conducted according to CONSORT guidelines for pilot and feasibility trials and reported according to pilot study checklist [24]. Participants were recruited from KFSH&RC, a major referral center that provides tertiary and quaternary care.
Patients were eligible if they were admitted to any of three adult ICUs (medical, surgical, and transplant ICU), intubated within previous 24 h and expected to continue on MV next calendar day, initiated on institutional pain and sedation protocol, and no objection from ICU attending or primary treating team. Recruitment began in September 2019 and was completed in November 2020. Patients were excluded if they had history of dementia or psychiatric disorders, or were comatose on admission due to hepatic encephalopathy. Full inclusion and exclusion criteria are detailed in Additional file 1: Table S1. Our research coordinators, along with local principal investigators screened patients for eligibility by using an electronic screening form in Research Electronic Data Capture (REDCap)..
Randomization procedure and treatment allocation
Patients were randomized in 1:1 allocation using a computer-generated, pre-determined randomization list created by an independent biostatistician; no stratification was performed. Group allocation was concealed until after randomization. Investigators were masked to outcomes data during the trial. Although this was an open-label, patients and families were unaware of group assignment. Additional file 1: Figure S1A, B summarizes treatment algorithm. After randomization, CG was started on KFSH&RC ICU analgesia and sedation protocol. Since it was a nurse-driven protocol, treating team placed an order regarding target Richmond Agitation–Sedation Scale (RASS), and sedatives infusions were adjusted according to RASS target by bedside ICU nurse. For those randomized to intervention group, ketamine 1–2 μg/kg/min was added as an adjunct for 48 h and could be weaned off earlier in preparation for extubation. Since this was a pilot, feasibility trial, there was no further intervention after 48 h; however, clinical outcomes and adverse events (AEs) were monitored up to day 28. Ketamine dose was reported in μg per kilogram of actual body weight per min as per institutional practice. Other aspects of care, including fluid management, vasopressors use, blood products, enteral nutrition, and early mobilization at discretion of treating team, were similar in both groups. Septic patients were managed according to latest survival sepsis campaign guidelines. Patient–ventilator asynchrony was systematically assessed and managed through inter-professional collaboration by prioritizing analgesia, and management of MV to avoid unnecessary use of neuromuscular blockers (NMB). Spontaneous awakening trial (SAT) was assessed every morning with SAT safety screen unless patients were receiving sedative infusion for status epilepticus or started on NMB post-randomization. Patients who passed SAT were immediately managed using spontaneous breathing trial protocol. Both groups received basic analgesic regimen that included paracetamol and epidural analgesia for hyperthermic intraperitoneal chemotherapy (HIPEC) patients. If delirium treatment was needed, non-pharmacological measures (reassurance or mobilization, and family support) were applied first. If this was insufficient, the protocol allowed antipsychotics use and decision was left to ICU physician.
Outcome measures and data collection
Primary aim of this pilot trial was feasibility assessed by evaluating consent rate, recruitment success, and protocol adherence. Consent rate was deemed to be adequate if > 70% of SDMs or patients chose to participate upon being approached. Successful recruitment was defined as > 3 patients enrolled per month. Protocol adherence was defined as > 75% of protocolized intervention and assessment of protocol deviation and violation [23]. We conducted educational sessions for clinicians, nurses, and hospital pharmacies to facilitate implementation of protocol. Protocol deviation was also defined as not starting ketamine immediately after randomization (ideally within 4 h) due to pharmacy delay or non-placement of ketamine order. Feasibility thresholds (progression criteria) were pre-specified as a priori by investigators and study team after discussion with IRB. Those progression criteria were another critical decision in pilot sample size calculation. Thresholds were chosen after examining other pilot feasibility studies of complex interventions (defined as interventions with several interacting components) and summarized in Additional file 1: Table S2 [25,26,27].
Clinically relevant primary and co-primary outcomes for the main upcoming trial were median duration of MV, and ventilator-free days (VFDs) up to day 28. This outcome was chosen as patient-centered outcome and influenced by mortality [28]. Other clinical outcomes included the following up to 28 days: ICU and hospital length-of-stay (LOS), mortality rate, and percentage of AEs. We recorded baseline demographics, comorbidities, reasons for ICU admission, and assessed severity of illness with Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation (APACHE) II and Sequential Organ Failure Assessment (SOFA). We collected proportion and cumulative use of vasopressors, sedatives and analgesics [fentanyl, propofol, midazolam, and dexmedetomidine], and antipsychotics over 48 h post-randomization. Data on sedatives administered outside ICU during anesthesia or intraoperative were not collected. Presence of delirium was assessed using confusion assessment method for ICU (CAM-ICU), which was measured at baseline and 48 h post-randomization. If CAM-ICU scores were not available, an electronic progress note was reviewed to detect any evidence of delirium. Hemodynamic parameters [heart rate (HR) and mean arterial pressure (MAP)] were collected 48 h post-randomization. Hemodynamic changes were defined as presence of tachycardia, hypertension, and hypotension. Details about variables collected and their definitions are available in Additional file 1: Table S3. Data were stored online in REDCap and data quality assessments were executed routinely.
Statistical analysis
Following the recommended rules for pilot trial sample size calculation when standardized effect size is unknown but expected to be small, 40 participants per group was recommended [29]. This sample size is considered to be sufficient assuming a protocol adherence of at least 75% to estimate proportion within 10% of true rate with 95% confidence. Details on statistical plan were published previously [23]. Statistician was blinded to group allocation and performed statistical analyses using R statistical software Version 3.5.0 (R Foundation, Vienna, Austria). Exploratory clinical outcomes analysis included all patients who were enrolled, randomly assigned, and received at least one dose of study medication, constituting modified intention-to-treat (mITT) population. Categorical variables were summarized as counts and percentages. Continuous variables were summarized using either mean ± SD or median and interquartile range (IQR), according to normality testing (using Shapiro–Wilk test and histograms). Chi-square test was used to compare categorical variables. Unpaired t-test or Mann–Whitney test was used to compare continuous variables. Sensitivity analysis for sedative and vasopressor requirements, excluding patients started on NMB post-randomization, was conducted. We also performed an additional post hoc sensitivity analysis in per-protocol population, defined as mITT population after exclusion of subjects who did not complete 48 h post-randomization [27]. We ensured immediate data entry and identified missing data quickly, and issues were resolved promptly. Thus, no imputation for missing variables was done. We set statistical significance to two-sided p value of 0.05.
Results
From September 2019 through November 2020, a total of 437 patients were screened; 83 (18.9%) patients met inclusion criteria and 352 (80.5%) were excluded. Among screened patients, 88 (20.1%) did not meet eligibility criteria, mainly because they were expected to require MV for < 24 h. Among included patients, 43 were in CG and 40 were included in ketamine group in mITT analysis. Participants’ flow through the trial is shown in Fig. 1.
Study flowchart. a3 patients had sever pulmonary hypertension, 11 had tracheostomy at baseline, 2 had intellectual disability precluded delirium assessment, 2 patients transferred from outside facility, 3 had history of substance abuse. bExtubated post-randomization. cFound to be on dexmedetomidine at baseline. CG control group (donates to standard of care), ESLD end-stage liver diseases, HR heart rate, SBP systolic blood pressure, ECMO extracorporeal membrane oxygenation, DNR do-not-resuscitate, mITT modified intention-to-treat analysis
Baseline demographics are described in Table 1 and Additional file 1: Table S4. Median age was 60 years, with a higher proportion of males and medical ICU patients. Overall, demographic characteristics were balanced between groups, except for prevalence of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, which was higher in CG. We included a wide variety of ICU admission diagnoses and among those randomized to ketamine, 55% had acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) and about 25% were recipients of solid organ transplants or had solid malignancy. Other primary reasons for ICU admission included HIPEC (3 patients: 2 in ketamine and 1 in CG), COVID-19 pneumonia (2 patients: one in each group), and sickle cell disease (1 patient in ketamine). Ketamine-treated patients were noted to have higher median lactate level (2.2 [IQR 1.58–3.4 mmol/L] p = 0.004). Median number of hours of ICU admission before study enrollment was 13 h (IQR 6–21.15) in CG and 15 h (IQR 12–21) in ketamine (p = 0.17). Post-randomization, NMB was initiated in 12.5% of ketamine-treated patients compared to 4.65% in CG (p = 0.25).
Feasibility outcomes
Average patients enrollment was 3–4 patients/month. Consent rate was adequate; 89.24% of SDMs or patients chose to participate when approached for consent. Recruitment rate decreased significantly during COVID-19 pandemic and was halted for 1 month. We resumed recruitment at a slower rate in March 2020, with an average of 1–2 patients/month. In total, 12% of patients were enrolled outside traditional working hours (on weekends or night shifts). This process was facilitated through close collaboration with on-call ICU physician. Two (2.4%) patients were excluded post-randomization, yielding a retention rate of 97.6%. Protocol adherence was 76% and median hours from consent or enrollment until ketamine started was 4.25 h [IQR 2.08–5.88]. Reasons of protocol non-adherence are described in Table 2.
Exploratory clinically relevant outcomes
Clinical and safety outcomes are summarized in Table 3. Median duration of MV on day 28 was 7 days in ketamine group (IQR 3–9.25) compared to 5 days in CG group (IQR 2–8). Median distribution of VFDs at day 28 was 19 days in both groups (p = 0.70). Median duration of ICU LOS was comparable between groups. More patients in ketamine achieved goal RASS at 24 and 48 h (67.5% and 73.5%, respectively) compared to CG (52.4% and 66.7%, respectively). Median RASS was − 2 at baseline, which gradually increased to − 1 post-randomization, indicating light sedation and ability of patients to make eye contact with verbal stimulation. Thirty-six (43.37%) patients underwent CAM-ICU assessment within 48 h post-randomization, of which 2 (5%) were positive in ketamine. Proportion of patients who did not complete 48 h of the trial was higher in ketamine (37.5%) than in CG (11.63%) and main reason was weaning off sedation in preparation for extubation. Antipsychotics were started in 3 ketamine-treated patients compared to 4 patients in CG (p = 1). Dexmedetomidine initiation within 48 h post-randomization was similar between groups. Higher frequency of hypersalivation and frequent suctioning was observed in CG arm. Regarding hemodynamic changes in HR and MAP at 24 and 48 h, we found no difference between groups. The 28-day mortality rate was 11 (27.5%) in ketamine compared with 14 (32.6%) in CG, p = 0.79. Data Safety Monitoring Committee reviewed all deaths, and all were determined to have been due to underlying disease, with participation in trial not being a contributing factor. Additional details on safety outcomes and subgroup analysis are available in Additional file 1: Table S5, Figures S2, S3.
Sedation and vasopressors requirements are summarized in Table 4. There was no difference in baseline values of vasopressor and sedative requirements pre-randomization, except for amount of vasopressin which was higher in ketamine-treated patients (median 39.6, IQR 30.5–64.2 units, p = 0.053). Cumulative use of fentanyl and other sedatives were similar between two groups at 48 h post-randomization. Similar trends were observed for cumulative vasopressors use in mg at 48 h post-randomization. Sensitivity analysis findings, excluding those who started on NMB post-randomization or those who did not complete 48 h post-randomization, were consistent with primary analysis (Additional file 1: Tables S6–S8).
Discussion
This pilot RCT explored the feasibility, and informs the design of a larger, well-designed, phase III RCT to investigate ketamine effect on clinically relevant outcomes in ICU patients with MV. Achieving our threshold of recruitment and consent rate demonstrated that the trial is feasible and acceptable to clinicians, patients, and families. Adherence rate was acceptable (achieving > 75% in 76% of total cohort). Barriers were faced during COVID-19 pandemic due to difficulties in continuing under lockdown conditions, infected research staff, shifting staff to cover COVID-19 ICU, and reorientation in clinical trial research towards COVID-19. We were able to improve adherence rate using strategies such as education sessions for clinical staff and routine clinical reminders, including documentation in EMR. We demonstrated that ketamine appeared to be safe, and had a positive effect on some surrogate clinical outcome as the majority of patients achieved target RASS and pain scores. There was no increase in antipsychotics or dexmedetomidine use post-randomization and no notable hemodynamic changes. Moreover, there was no increase in vasopressor requirements post-randomization despite the fact that ketamine-treated patients were sicker at baseline, as evident by higher lactate level and higher vasopressin dose at baseline. We also did not observe notable severe confusion, nightmares, emergence phenomena, or serious AEs associated with ketamine use, which is consistent with the findings reported by Perbert et al. [30]. Median duration of MV and VFDs in our cohort was consistent with that reported in MENDS2 sedation trial; adjusted median, 23.7 days in dexmedetomidine vs. 24 days in propofol [31]. Notably, the majority of our population were from medical ICU and had moderate ARDS, with median baseline PaO2/FiO2 ratio of 152. Overall, 28-day mortality rate in our cohort was 30.1% which is comparable to mortality rate in patients with severe sepsis and shock and all-cause mortality rate reported in more recent sedation trials, such as SPICE III trial (29% in dexmedetomidine and usual-care) and MENDS2 trial (38% in dexmedetomidine and propofol) [31,32,33].
Furthermore, proportion of patients who did not complete 48 h of the trials was higher in ketamine than CG and main reason was weaning off sedation for extubation. Such a difference is less likely attributed to variations in illness severity as randomization process ensured well-balanced baseline characteristics between groups in terms of ARDS severity, ICU admission reasons, SOFA, and APACHE II scores. This may be explained by the biological plausibility of ketamine in lowering airway resistance, preserving pharyngeal and laryngeal protective reflexes, and increasing lung compliance without causing respiratory depression in slow infusions [4]. The underlying mechanisms are not fully elucidated yet. One hypothesis is that ketamine has anti-cholinergic effect resulting in bronchodilation, which might be beneficial compared to other sedatives. However, we cannot be entirely sure that our findings are a direct consequence of ketamine rather than an independent improvement of clinical conditions or cumulative effect of concomitant therapies and co-interventions.
Ketamine opioid-sparing effect has been demonstrated in some trials and retrospective studies mainly for ICU patients admitted for postoperative reasons and trauma [20, 22, 34]. In contrast, other trials did not show opioid-sparing effect [30, 35, 36] (Additional file 1: Table S9). In our pilot, there was no difference in amount of sedatives or opioids and underlying reasons are likely multifactorial. Firstly, NMB initiation post-randomization was numerically higher in ketamine but statistically insignificant. Additionally, during COVID-19 pandemic, newly hired non-ICU nurses (to cover manpower shortage) could be unaware of study protocol. Hence, efforts to reduce concomitant sedatives or opioids with ketamine perhaps were conservative. Likewise, we hypothesized that severity of illness, insufficient power, and small ketamine dose in our pilot might provide possible additional explanations.
Our pilot trial had several strengths. Firstly, it included high rates of completed follow-up, and relatively comprehensive assessments of AEs associated with ketamine use and its impact on hemodynamic response. We believe that our results provide incremental value in understanding the effects of ketamine. Adherence to mITT principle, randomization, and blinded outcome assessors limited potential sources of bias. Moreover, our trial included diverse ICU populations and we made every effort to include patients within a narrow randomization window (within 24 h of intubation) to eliminate potential confounders with other co-interventions. Additionally, information on clinical outcomes was necessary to define clinically meaningful effect of ketamine use which will have an implication on sample size calculations for main upcoming RCT.
There are several limitations worth mentioning. This pilot trial had small sample size and was underpowered to detect true differences in clinical outcomes or subgroup analysis. This will be explored further in adequately sized definitive trial. Although our adherence rate met the feasibility threshold, it is possible to achieve high adherence rate than ATTAINMENT study achieved in this clinical population. We will consider additional strategies to increase protocol adherence for definitive trial (printed checklist of study protocol for bedside nurses, and study signs posted in patients’ rooms). Furthermore, medications administration in our pilot trial was unblinded which may have influenced overall RASS and CAM-ICU score assessment and physicians behavior. Therefore, we cannot exclude a possible bias related to open-label design. To minimize this bias, outcome adjudicators and patients and their families were blinded to treatment assignments, and study investigators remained blinded to the results until study conclusion.
This pilot trial highlighted areas of improvement in study protocol before launching a large, adequately powered, multicenter RCT which is likely justified to define ketamine role in ICU patients powered to examine patient-centered outcomes. We believe that the trial protocol could be improved by modifying the current ketamine dosing regimen. We chose ketamine dosing at 1–2 µg/kg/min because majority of ICU population included in our pilot were older (median age 61 years), with renal and hepatic dysfunction, which potentially alters metabolism and excretion of ketamine and its active metabolite, resulting in increased sensitivity to ketamine, prolonged duration, drug accumulation, and possible longer recovery [37, 38]. Moreover, the dose described here was in agreement with existing literature describing light sedation strategy and 2018 PADIS guideline recommendations [1, 13, 18]. Published data for ketamine doses showed that it can be safely titrated up to 15 µg/kg/min, as needed, to achieve desired level of analgosedation [4, 6]. Additional file 1: Figure S4 describes the proposed treatment algorithm for the definitive trial with a modified ketamine dosing regimen (titrated to effect).
Moreover, we excluded 17% of patients due to proven or suspected primary neurological injuries such as those with severe traumatic brain injury (TBI) and hydrocephalus. More recent systematic reviews of mixed acute brain populations (subarachnoid hemorrhage, tumors, and TBI) concluded that ketamine had no detrimental effect on intracranial pressure, ICU LOS, or mortality [39]. Therefore, future RCT may also consider modifying eligibility criteria to include neurocritical care patients to maximize generalizability and improve enrollment. However, this may have an implication on sample size calculation and power.
Additionally, small observational reports in burn and COVID-19 patients (5 patients) have linked ketamine chronic high doses (16–50 µg/kg/min for up to 26 days) with possible cholangiopathy. We have not observed this concern in our cohort and reasons for cholangiopathy in the aforementioned cases were multifactorial (hemodynamic instability, high positive end-expiratory pressures, reducing hepato-splanchnic blood flow, and direct viral cytopathic effect). We will consider vigilant monitoring of liver tests along with other relevant differentials for future RCT protocol to explore this further [40, 41].
We also did not collect data on frequency and duration of prone positioning for ARDS patients who were made prone, or median change in PaO2/FiO2 ratio post-randomization, limiting the ability to determine the real benefit of ketamine in oxygenation post-randomization. Although we made efforts to validate delirium diagnosis and its assessment with CAM-ICU, we had a large proportion of patients (56.6%) with un-assessed CAM-ICU. As such, we plan to include data for MV settings after randomization, CAM-ICU assessments, and other co-interventions (e.g., corticosteroids, prone positioning, and diuretics) in main future RCT study protocol. Finally, ketamine duration was limited to 48 h due to the nature of this pilot trial. This duration was chosen based on available evidence on the use of sedation in critically ill patients with MV [18, 31, 33]. We assumed that majority of patients remain on sedation and MV for 48 h. This assumption aligned with our own clinical experience at bedside, during which we have observed most of patients usually do not require sedation after 48 h and likely get extubated within this period. Considering ketamine pharmacokinetics (metabolized in liver, generating active compounds norketamine and hydroxynorketamine, and eliminated in urine with an elimination half-life of roughly 1.5–3 h), it is likely that carryover effects occurred despite study design for 48 h [37, 38]. Nevertheless, longer duration with close monitoring will be investigated in future definitive trial. Moving forward, a multicenter RCT in collaboration with Saudi Critical Care Trials group will be conducted. Data safety monitoring committee and steering committee will oversee the running of the trial and ensure overall safety of participants. An interim analysis with a pre-specified frequency will be carried out for purposes of determining futility or success of treatment and whether early stopping is appropriate. Specification of interim analysis stopping rule and sample size calculation will be reported separately in main RCT study protocol.
Conclusions
Ketamine is a potentially attractive option for analgosedation. In our pilot trial, ketamine appeared to be safe, and feasible. However, the lessons learned from this pilot will usefully inform the design and study protocol before conducting main, adequately powered, multicenter RCT to shed light on remaining questions and investigate the association with patient-centered outcomes further. Modifying ketamine dosing regimen, some eligibility criteria, and inclusion of additional data (liver function tests, co-interventions and CAM-ICU) were identified as main goals for modifications to improve recruitment and generalizability.
Availability of data and materials
The datasets used and analyzed during the current study are available from the corresponding author on reasonable request.
References
- 1.:e825–73.
- 2.
Shah FA, Girard TD, Yende S. Limiting sedation for patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome—time to wake up. Curr Opin Crit Care. 2017;23:45–51.
- 3.
Whitman CB, Rhodes H, Tellor BR, Hampton NB. Continuous infusion of ketamine for adjunctive sedation in medical intensive care unit: a case series. J Anesthesiol Crit Care Med. 2015;2:1–5.
- 4.
Wieruszewski PM, Leung JG, Nelson S. Ketamine use in the intensive care unit. AACN Adv Crit Care. 2018;29:101–6.
- 5.
Hanidziar D, Bittner EA. Sedation of mechanically ventilated COVID-19 patients: challenges and special considerations. Anesth Analg. 2020;13:e40–1.
- 6.
Hurth KP, Jaworski A, Thomas KB, Kirsch WB, Rudoni MA, Wohlfarth KM. The reemergence of ketamine for treatment in critically ill adults. Crit Care Med. 2020;48:899–911.
- 7.
Radvansky BM, Shah K, Parikh A, Sifonios AN, Le V, Eloy JD. Role of ketamine in acute postoperative pain management: a narrative review. Biomed Res Int. 2015;2015:749837.
- 8.
Joachimsson PO, Hedstrand U, Eklund A. Low-dose ketamine infusion for analgesia during postoperative ventilator treatment. Acta Anaesthesiol Scand. 1986;30:697–702.
- 9.
Takieddine SC, Droege CA, Ernst N, Droege ME, Webb M, Branson RD, et al. Ketamine versus hydromorphone patient-controlled analgesia for acute pain in trauma patients. J Surg Res. 2018;225:6–14.
- 10.
Zhao H, Yang S, Wang H, Zhang H, An Y. Non-opioid analgesics as adjuvants to opioid for pain management in adult patients in the ICU: a systematic review and meta-analysis. J Crit Care. 2019;54:136–44.
- 11.
Kugler NW, Carver TW, Juul J, Peppard WJ, Boyle K, Drescher KM, et al. Ketamine infusion for pain control in elderly patients with multiple rib fractures: results of a randomized controlled trial. J Trauma Acute Care Surg. 2019;87:1181–8.
- 12.
Carver TW, Kugler NW, Juul J, Peppard WJ, Drescher KM, Somberg LB, et al. Ketamine infusion for pain control in adult patients with multiple rib fractures: results of a randomized control trial. J Trauma Acute Care Surg. 2019;86:181–8.
- 13.
Chanques G, Constantin JM, Devlin JW, Ely EW, Fraser GL, Gélinas C, et al. Analgesia and sedation in patients with ARDS. Intensive Care Med. 2020;46:2342–56.
- 14.
Adams CD, Altshuler J, Barlow BL, Dixit D, Droege CA, Effendi MK, et al. Analgesia and sedation strategies in mechanically ventilated adults with COVID-19. Pharmacotherapy. 2020;40:1180–91.
- 15.
Phua CK, Wee A, Lim A, Abisheganaden J, Verma A. Fentanyl-induced chest wall rigidity syndrome in a routine bronchoscopy. Respir Med Case Rep. 2017;20:205–7.
- 16.
Ammar MA, Sacha GL, Welch SC, Bass SN, Kane-Gill SL, Duggal A, et al. Sedation, analgesia, and paralysis in COVID-19 patients in the setting of drug shortages. J Intensive Care Med. 2021;36:157–74.
- 17.
Erstad BL, Patanwala AE. Ketamine for analgosedation in critically ill patients. J Crit Care. 2016;35:145–9.
- 18.
Groetzinger LM, Rivosecchi RM, Bain W, Bahr M, Chin K, McVerry BJ, et al. Ketamine infusion for adjunct sedation in mechanically ventilated patients. Pharmacotherapy. 2018;38:181–8.
- 19.
Garber PM, Droege CA, Carter KE, Harger NJ, Mueller EW. Continuous infusion ketamine for adjunctive analgosedation in mechanically ventilated, critically ill patients. Pharmacotherapy. 2019;39:288–96.
- 20.
Pruskowski KA, Harbourt K, Pajoumand M, Chui SJ, Reynnolds HN. Impact of ketamine use on adjunctive analgesic and sedative medications in critically ill trauma patients. Pharmacotherapy. 2017;37:1537–44.
- 21.
Bawazeer M, Amer M, Maghrabi K, Al-Sheikh K, Amin R, Rizwan M, et al. Adjunctive continuous ketamine infusion to conventional sedation in mechanically ventilated patients: it is time for a randomized trial. Saudi Crit Care J. 2020;4:5–8.
- 22.
Guillou N, Tanguy M, Seguin P, Branger B, Campion J, Mallédant Y. The effects of small-dose ketamine on morphine consumption in surgical intensive care unit patients after major abdominal surgery. Anesth Analg. 2003;97:843–7.
- 23.
Bawazeer M, Amer M, Maghrabi K, Alshaikh K, Amin R, Rizwan M, et al. Adjunct low-dose ketamine infusion vs standard of care in mechanically ventilated critically ill patients at a Tertiary Saudi Hospital (ATTAINMENT Trial): study protocol for a randomized, prospective, pilot, feasibility trial. Trials. 2020;21:288.
- 24..
- 25.
Craig P, Dieppe P, Macintyre S, Michie S, Nazareth I, Petticrew M. Developing and evaluating complex interventions: the new medical research council guidance. BMJ. 2008;337:a1655.
- 26.:e017602.
- 27.
Vaara ST, Ostermann M, Bitker L, Schneider A, Poli E, Hoste E, et al. Restrictive fluid management versus usual care in acute kidney injury (REVERSE-AKI): a pilot randomized controlled feasibility trial. Intensive Care Med. 2021;47:665–73.
- 28.
Yehya N, Harhay MO, Curley MAQ, Schoenfeld DA, Reeder RW. Reappraisal of ventilator-free days in critical care research. Am J Respir Crit Care Med. 2019;200:828–36.
- 29.
Lancaster GA, Dodd S, Williamson PR. Design and analysis of pilot studies: recommendations for good practice. J Eval Clin Pract. 2004;10:307–12.
- 30.
Perbert S, Verdonk F, Godet T, Jabaudon M, Chartier C, Cayot S, et al. Low doses of ketamine reduce delirium but not opiate consumption in mechanically ventilated and sedated ICU patients: a randomised double-blind control trial. Anaesth Crit Care Pain Med. 2018;37:589–95.
- 31.
Hughes CG, Mailloux PT, Devlin JW, Swan JT, Sanders RD, Anzueto A, et al. Dexmedetomidine or propofol for sedation in mechanically ventilated adults with sepsis. N Engl J Med. 2021;384:1424–36.
- 32.
Vallet H, Schwarz GL, Flaatten H, de Lange DW, Guidet B, Dechartres A. Mortality of older patients admitted to an ICU: a systematic review. Crit Care Med. 2021;49:324–34.
- 33.
Shehabi Y, Howe BD, Bellomo R, Arabi YM, Bailey M, Bass FE, et al. Early sedation with dexmedetomidine in critically ill patients (SPICE III). N Engl J Med. 2019;380:2506–17.
- 34.
Buchheit JL, Yeh DD, Eikermann M, Lin H. Impact of low-dose ketamine on the usage of continuous opioid infusion for the treatment of pain in adult mechanically ventilated patients in surgical intensive care units. J Inten Care Med. 2019;34:646–51.
- 35.
Alshahrani MS, Asonto LP, El Tahan MM, Al Sulaibikh AH, Al Faraj SZ, Al Mulhim AA, et al. Study protocol for a randomized, blinded, controlled trial of ketamine for acute painful crisis of sickle cell disease. Trials. 2019;20:286.
- 36.
Alshahrani MS, Alsulaibikh AH, ElTahan MM, AlFaraj SZ, AlMulhim AA, AlMaghraby NH, et al. Ketamine use for acute painful crisis of sickle cell disease: a randomized controlled trial (research forum abstract). Ann Emerg Med. 2019;74:S89-90.
- 37.
Power BM, Forbes AM, van Heerden PV, Ilett KF. Pharmacokinetics of drugs used in critically ill adults. Clin Pharmacokinet. 1998;34:25–56.
- 38.
Zanos P, Moaddel R, Morris PJ, Riggs LM, Highland JN, Georgiou P, et al. Ketamine and ketamine metabolite pharmacology: insights into therapeutic mechanisms. Pharmacol Rev. 2018;70:621–60.
- 39.
Gregers MCT, Mikkelsen S, Lindvig KP, Brøchner AC. Ketamine as an anesthetic for patients with acute brain injury: a systematic review. Neurocrit Care. 2020;33:273–82.
- 40.
Meersseman P, Blondeel J, De Vlieger G, van der Merwe S, Monbaliu D, et al. Secondary sclerosing cholangitis: an emerging complication in critically ill COVID-19 patients. Intensive Care Med. 2021;1–4.
- 41.
Deltenre P, Moreno C, Trépo E. Progressive cholangiopathy in COVID-19 patients: other possible diagnoses than ketamine-induced cholangiopathy should be considered. J Hepatol. 2021..
Acknowledgements
We thank the Saudi Critical Care Trials Group for providing feedback on study proposal, and participants and their families. Without their collective generosity, this trial would not be possible.
Ethics declarations
Ethics approval and consent to participate
The study was approved by King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research Center (KFSH&RC) Institutional Review Board (IRB) (Riyadh, SA, IRB# 2191187) and full study protocol was published previously [23]..
Competing interests and source of funding
The authors declare that they have no competing interests or source of funding.
Additional information
Publisher's Note
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.
Supplementary Information
Additional file 1.
Tables S1: Full inclusion and exclusion criteria. Figure S1A: Treatment algorithm for patient randomized to standard of care (Control Group; CG). Figure S1B: Treatment algorithm for patient randomized to ketamine. Table S2: Feasibility thresholds (progression criteria) and intervention stopping rule for other pilot feasibility studies with complex intervention. Table S3: Details of outcome variables definition. Table S4: Other demographic and baseline characteristics. Table S5: Other safety outcomes. Figure S2: HR and MAP at baseline, 24-hours, and 48-hours. Figure S3: Subgroup analysis for selected outcomes. Table S6: Proportion of sedatives and vasopressors. Table S7: Sensitivity analysis for sedatives and vasopressors requirements excluding patients started on atracurium post-randomization. Table S8: Post-hoc sensitivity analysis excluding patients who did notcomplete 48-hours due to extubation or sedation weaned off. Table S9: Ketamine studies that showed and did not show opioid-sparing effect. Figure S4: Proposed treatment algorithm for the definitive trial with modified ketamine dosing regimen., M., Maghrabi, K., Bawazeer, M. et al. Adjunctive ketamine for sedation in critically ill mechanically ventilated patients: an active-controlled, pilot, feasibility clinical trial. j intensive care 9, 54 (2021).
Received:
Accepted:
Published:
DOI:
Keywords
- Ketamine
- Critical care
- Sedation
- Mechanical ventilation
- Standard of care
- ATTAINMENT
- PilotBRIDGE School Partnerships Program
The Building Relationships through Intercultural Dialogue and Growing Engagement (BRIDGE) School Partnerships Program is a flagship program of the Australia-Indonesia Institute and is delivered by the Asia Education Foundation. It has operated since 2008.
The BRIDGE School Partnerships Program is an innovative education program that establishes school partnerships between Australian and Indonesian school communities. BRIDGE builds educators’ professional knowledge, capabilities and skills and students collaborate on projects, practice language skills and develop lifelong friendships with their partner school.
The program funds intensive virtual and in-person professional development programs and opportunities, including reciprocal homestays and school visits. The program has established 200 Australia-Indonesia school partnerships and has involved 800 Australian and Indonesian teachers.
BRIDGE recognises that intercultural understanding is essential to equip young people to live and work successfully as responsible local and global citizens. The program supports educators and students to increase their intercultural understanding, real-life digital capability and literacy, and strengthen their regional knowledge and language skills.
For more information, follow the Australia-Indonesia Institute Facebook page or visit the Asia Education Foundation website.
Video: BRIDGE - Australia-Indonesia InstituteRecipe From The Lusty Vegan by Ayindé Howell and Zoë Eisenberg.
GARLICKY DILL AÏOLI:
BREADING:
1. Garlicky Dill Aïoli: Combine all the ingredients in a small bowl. Mix well and add salt and pepper to taste. Set in the fridge to keep cool.
2..
3. Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a skillet over medium-heat heat. Add the onions and sauté until translucent, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the garlic and
sauté for 1 minute.
4. Remove from the heat, add to the hearts of palm, and mix well. Add the Old Bay seasoning, cornstarch, and mayo.
5. Transfer the mixture to a mixing bowl and mix well. Set in the fridge to cool and set for 2-5 hours (or overnight!), then shape the mixture into four
round patties.
6. Breading: In a shallow bowl, combine the bread crumbs and Old Bay seasoning, stirring to mix. Coat the patties with the breadcrumb mixture and
refrigerate for 20 minutes.
7..Abstract
Background
Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) are a novel class of drugs used in cancer immunotherapy that are becoming more commonly used among advanced-stage cancers. Unfortunately, these therapies are sometimes associated with often subtle, potentially fatal immune-related adverse events (irAEs).
Objectives
We conducted a review of relevant primary research and clinical guidelines in oncology, pharmacology, and other literature, and synthesized this information to address the needs of the emergency physician in the acute management of irAEs.
Discussion
Although the antitumor effects of immunotherapies are desirable, the inhibition of immune checkpoints may also lead to loss of peripheral tolerance and a subsequent unleashing of the immune system on nontumor cells, leading to unintended tissue damage, which manifests as multisystem organ dysfunction. This tissue damage can affect nearly every organ system, with the dermatologic, gastrointestinal, endocrine, and pulmonary systems being the most commonly affected. Treatment may range drastically, depending on the severity of the irAE, starting with supportive care and moving toward high-dose steroids and additional immune modulators such as infliximab or intravenous immunoglobulin.
Conclusion
With the increasing success and popularity of ICIs, emergency physicians will inevitably encounter increasing numbers of patients on these medications as well as the associated side effects. It is important that emergency physicians become aware of these irAEs and improve the detection of these processes to prevent inappropriate discharges, emergency department revisits, and downstream complications.
Keywords
To read this article in full you will need to make a payment
Already a print subscriber? Claim online access
Register: Create an account
Institutional Access: Sign in to ScienceDirect
References
- Improved survival with ipilimumab in patients with metastatic melanoma.N Engl J Med. 2010; 363: 711-723
- Current diagnosis and management of immune related adverse events (irAEs) induced by immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy.Front Pharmacol. 2017; 8: 49
- Approvals in 2016: the march of the checkpoint inhibitors.Nat Rev Clin Oncol. 2017; 14: 131-132
- Endocrine side effects of cancer immunotherapy.Endocr Relat Cancer. 2017; 24: T331-T347
- Immune-related adverse events with immune checkpoint blockade: a comprehensive review.Eur J Cancer. 2016; 54: 139-148
- Toxicities of immunotherapy for the practitioner.J Clin Oncol. 2015; 33: 2092-2099
- The checkpoint immunotherapy revolution: what started as a trickle has become a flood, despite some daunting adverse effects; new drugs, indications, and combinations continue to emerge.P T. 2016; 41: 185-191
- Yervoy® (ipilumumab) [package insert].Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Princeton, NJ2017
- Adjuvant ipilimumab versus placebo after complete resection of high-risk stage III melanoma (EORTC 18071): a randomised, double-blind, phase 3 trial.Lancet Oncol. 2015; 16: 522-530
- Clinical trial of the anti-PD-L1 antibody BMS-936559 in HIV-1 infected participants on suppressive antiretroviral therapy.J Infect Dis. 2017; 215: 1725-1733
- Immune checkpoints and their inhibition in cancer and infectious diseases.Eur J Immunol. 2017; 47: 765-779
- Managing toxicities associated with immune checkpoint inhibitors: consensus recommendations from the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer (SITC) Toxicity Management Working Group.J Immunother Cancer. 2017; 5: 95
- New drugs, new toxicities: severe side effects of modern targeted and immunotherapy of cancer and their management.Crit Care. 2017; 21: 89
- Targeting the PD-1/B7-H1(PD-L1) pathway to activate anti-tumor immunity.Curr Opin Immunol. 2012; 24: 207-212
- PD-1 blockade induces responses by inhibiting adaptive immune resistance.Nature. 2014; 515: 568-571
- Opportunistic autoimmunity secondary to cancer immunotherapy (OASI): an emerging challenge.Rev Med Interne. 2017; 38: 513-525
- Immune-related adverse events as a biomarker in non-melanoma patients treated with programmed cell death 1 inhibitors.Oncologist. 2017; 22: 1232-1237
- Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE). 4.03. National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD2010
- Incidence of immune-related adverse events and its association with treatment outcomes: the MD Anderson Cancer Center experience.Invest New Drugs. 2017; ([Epub ahead of print])
- Immune checkpoint inhibitors in clinical practice: update on management of immune-related toxicities.Transl Lung Cancer Res. 2015; 4: 560-575
- Immune related adverse events associated with anti-CTLA-4 antibodies: systematic review and meta-analysis.BMC Med. 2015; 13: 211
- Treatment of the immune-related adverse effects of immune checkpoint inhibitors: a review.JAMA Oncol. 2016; 2: 1346-1353
- Combined nivolumab and ipilimumab or monotherapy in untreated melanoma.N Engl J Med. 2015; 373: 1270-1271
- The clinical value of combination of immune checkpoint inhibitors in cancer patients: a meta-analysis of efficacy and safety.Int J Cancer. 2017; 141: 2562-2570
- Nivolumab versus chemotherapy in patients with advanced melanoma who progressed after anti-CTLA-4 treatment (CheckMate 037): a randomised, controlled, open-label, phase 3 trial.Lancet Oncol. 2015; 16: 375-384
- PD-1 antibody monotherapy for malignant melanoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.PLoS One. 2016; 11: e0160485
- Prolonged survival in stage III melanoma with ipilimumab adjuvant therapy.N Engl J Med. 2016; 375: 1845-1855
- Treatment-related death in cancer patients treated with immune checkpoint inhibitors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.Clin Oncol (R Coll Radiol). 2017; 29: 218-230
- Management of immune-related adverse events and kinetics of response with ipilimumab.J Clin Oncol. 2012; 30: 2691-2697
- Survivorship in immune therapy: assessing chronic immune toxicities, health outcomes, and functional status among long-term ipilimumab survivors at a single referral center.Cancer Immunol Res. 2015; 3: 464-469
- Safety, efficacy, and biomarkers of nivolumab with vaccine in ipilimumab-refractory or -naive melanoma.J Clin Oncol. 2013; 31: 4311-4318
- Ipilimumab-associated colitis: CT findings.AJR Am J Roentgenol. 2013; 200: W468-W474
- KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) (package insert).Merk & Co., Inc., Whitehouse Station, NJ2015
- Management of toxicities of immune checkpoint inhibitors.Cancer Treat Rev. 2016; 44: 51-60
- Pembrolizumab versus ipilimumab in advanced melanoma.N Engl J Med. 2015; 372: 2521-2532
- Pembrolizumab for the treatment of non-small-cell lung cancer.N Engl J Med. 2015; 372: 2018-2028
- Immune checkpoint blockade in cancer therapy.J Clin Oncol. 2015; 33: 1974-1982
- The risk of rash associated with ipilimumab in patients with cancer: a systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis.J Am Acad Dermatol. 2013; 69: e121-e128
- Delayed dermatologic hypersensitivity reaction secondary to ipilimumab.J Immunother. 2015; 38: 165-166
- Diagnosis, monitoring and management of immune-related adverse drug reactions of anti-PD-1 antibody therapy.Cancer Treat Rev. 2016; 45: 7-18
- PD-1 inhibitors increase the incidence and risk of pneumonitis in cancer patients in a dose-independent manner: a meta-analysis.Sci Rep. 2017; 7: 44173
- Incidence of programmed cell death 1 inhibitor-related pneumonitis in patients with advanced cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.JAMA Oncol. 2016; 2: 1607-1616
- Exploring novel immune-related toxicities and endpoints with immune-checkpoint inhibitors in non-small cell lung cancer.Am Soc Clin Oncol Educ Book. 2013; ()
- Pneumonitis in patients treated with anti-programmed death-1/programmed death ligand 1 therapy.J Clin Oncol. 2017; 35: 709-717
- Ipilimumab 10 mg/kg versus ipilimumab 3 mg/kg in patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma: a randomised, double-blind, multicentre, phase 3 trial.Lancet Oncol. 2017; 18: 611-622
- Endocrine-related adverse events following ipilimumab in patients with advanced melanoma: a comprehensive retrospective review from a single institution.Endocr Relat Cancer. 2014; 21: 371-381
- Immune checkpoint inhibitors and cardiac toxicity: an emerging issue.Curr Med Chem. 2018; 25: 1327-1339
- The price of tumor control: an analysis of rare side effects of anti-CTLA-4 therapy in metastatic melanoma from the ipilimumab network.PLoS One. 2013; 8: e53745
- Clinicopathological features of acute kidney injury associated with immune checkpoint inhibitors.Kidney Int. 2016; 90: 638-647
- Ocular adverse events of molecularly targeted agents approved in solid tumours: a systematic review.Eur J Cancer. 2014; 50: 638-648
Article Info
Publication History
Published online: August 14, 2018
Accepted: July 2, 2018
Received in revised form: June 21, 2018
Received: April 10, 2018
Identification
DOI:Is it your best friends, family members and someone special birthday and you’re looking to make their special day extra special and joyous? Even though weird birthday surprises have become a trend, it doesn’t mean it won’t fill your loved one’s heart with joy! We have explore and bring few wonderful, classy and peaceful places to celebrate your loved ones birthday, hang out and also get quality meal there. We have narrowed down our list to these few wonderful birthday venues in Islamabad:
Howdy
Howdy is a wonderful and classy place or birthday venue in Islamabad everyone knows about it. If you really looking something unique and special in atmosphere then Howdy will make you feel more special through ambiance. It is a classy place which makes everyone want to come back and spend few hours there. Different kind of celebrations that Howdy had to offer were remarkably appreciable it could be making your birthday, bridal shower and small official gathering.
The music in the background is always on note and the party favors well catered to make you special. Howdy management would love to take a chance to prove their stance for customers. And here we have to say, you would not disappointed at all. The ambiance took you and your guests off guard and the decor always set according to your choice and demand. Visit and admire their efforts that how they make your privacy more comfortable.
Yogi Haus
Another wonderful and astonishing birthday venue in Islamabad which is located at Shakarparian Islamabad. Yogi Haus is a place where you could turn your sad faces into happy faces along with taking natural scenic view advantage. For those of you who don’t know, why this place get so much hype within few year, the reason behind all of its success is its amazing location and setting.
They provide you amazing outdoor and indoor setting where you could easily décor your birthday and other events. They also have private rooms for corporate and official gatherings that could be used in case the outdoors doesn’t work. For birthday decor you could hire Bookirea which turn this beautiful place into heaven, and m sure your guests will not disappoint from this effort. It is the right place for you to get Nikkah photography, Nikkah lunch or small ceremony with close friends and relatives.
Atrio Café & Grill
Are you in the mood for celebrating your birthday at the rooftop with the fascinating and the great view of the city? Then you need to try Atrio Café & Grill for making your loved ones birthday more attractive and lively. Atrio Café & Grill located in the Jinnah Supermarket F-7, Islamabad. The rooftop celebration will mesmerize you with a stunning view of the Margalla Hills.
The place itself offers birthday arrangements with balloons, happy birthday banners and glorious fresh flower baskets. You could also arrange your birthday from your favorite decorators and event management companies like Bookirea. Try their yummy and delicious BBQ in party. Adore the wonderful celebrations and this unique and classy birthday venue in Islamabad.
The Monal Restaurant
Are you looking for classy and memorable birthday then you must go to this classy and signature place of Islamabad. If you aren’t bringing your own cake, don’t think twice about ordering something from The Monal Restaurant desert menu. Their menu selection is outclass and fantastic, you could get traditional, continental and Italian food there.
I would visit this place every month just for enjoying its amazing breathtaking scenic view and food. Although this place is very busy now-a-days but hope you won’t miss out to celebrate your birthday there. You can reserve your table in advance with an online table reservation portal Dinepartner and celebrate your wonderful birthday decor with Bookirea. Hope you would love this amazing birthday venue in Islamabad and plan a memory book of it.
We always love to show you something extravagant and classy for your events. Explore amazing and classy birthdays, bridal showers and wedding venues with Bookirea and lunch or dinner places with dinepartner. Use our mobile apps and find your desired places in a few clicks.8 Fashion Secrets From Top Celebrity Stylists
By Nitika on October 18, 2021
Everyone in the world has probably fawned over Zendaya’s flawless red carpet looks. That woman never disappoints. From daring colors to beautiful silhouettes, her fashion choices always make the headlines. Apart from her immense talent and charm, Zendaya’s hit looks can be equally credited to Law Roach, her beloved stylist.
It’s no secret that most red carpet darlings are assisted by influential stylists. While you may not have a celebrity stylist pulling runway pieces for you, it’s still possible to learn from them and up your fashion game. Here’s everything you need to know.
1. Know Your Best Features
Before you start shopping for pieces, it’s important to know your favourite features. Whether you like your green eyes or toned legs, keep this in mind when browsing clothes. A green outfit will bring out your eyes, while a mini-skirt is perfect to flaunt your legs. Alternatively, this is also helpful for avoiding clothes that may highlight a feature you’re not comfortable showing off.
2. Tailoring is Key
Even an expensive pair of pants will look mediocre without proper tailoring. Pay attention to buying clothes that fit you right. You may think that a size up or down doesn’t matter, but it makes a world of difference. If you are unable to find the perfect size, we suggest contacting a tailor and getting your clothes altered.
3. Flattering Undergarments
Undergarments play a crucial role in maintaining the structure of the clothing and making everything look seamless. Ill-fitted undergarments are a big no-no. Moreover, some outfits are simply not made for traditional underwear. Instead of limiting your choices, take fashion risks with boob tape.
Boob tape allows you to wear necklines of all shapes without worrying about a wardrobe malfunction. This also means you don’t have to burn a hole in your wallet by buying all kinds of bras for different outfits.
4. Invest in Staples
Stylists always recommend investing in staple wardrobe pieces that will help you create the base for your outfits. These pieces are versatile and can be easily worn interchangeably. Some closet essentials include shapewears, high-waisted jeans, a button-down shirt, black t-shirt and a pair of black boots.
5. Photograph Your Outfits
We all have imagined an outfit only for it to end up looking terrible in real life. Save yourself from last-minute panic by photographing your looks. Stylists often photograph the outfits they put together. This allows them to look at the ‘fit objectively and make necessary changes.
6. Pack Your Purse
If you are going to an event, it would be best to pack your purse before you start getting ready. The last thing you want is forgetting tickets or some other important things.
7. Make Your Footwear Comfortable
We won’t lie to you by saying that heels can be as comfortable as sneakers. But they can be made a lot less painful. You can add padded or gel inserts to make the sole softer on your feet. It’s also a good idea to use a piece of body tape to protect the back of your feet from shoe bite.
8. Get Inspired
People often look up to professional stylists because they don’t have a sense of personal style. Developing personal style takes time and work. Start by looking at Instagram fashionistas and Pinterest to find inspiration. Creating a moodboard of your favourite looks will help you understand what you like and build further.Studying Drought, Under Glass
4:01 minutes
4:01 minutes
This segment is part of The State of Science, a series featuring science stories from public radio stations across the United States. This story by Melissa Sevigny appeared on KNAU.
The world’s hottest rainforest isn’t the Amazon. It’s not even in the tropics. It’s kept under glass in the desert of Southern Arizona. Biosphere 2, operated by the University of Arizona, was built 30 years ago as an experiment in space colonization, but now the ecosystems inside are perfect for climate change research. Unlike in the real world, scientists can control the elements—which is just what they did when they turned off the rain for two months. They’re tracking how carbon cycles through the enclosed rainforest during the drought. KNAU’s Melissa Sevigny reports, it’s a glimpse of what the world will look like in a hotter, drier future.
Christiane Werner of the University of Freiberg in Germany lines up a row of steel canisters on a table. She’s about to release twenty thousand dollars’ worth of carbon dioxide into the air.
“Why can you do it here? Because we are in an enclosed ecosystem,” she says.
In a real rainforest it’s impossible to track carbon cycles closely, but this forest is sealed inside a gymnasium-sized pyramid of steel and glass. Werner opens a valve and a puff of air escapes. This is “heavy” carbon or carbon-13. It’s manufactured so instruments can detect it. Werner says, “We can really make the carbon flow through a system visible with this technique, and that’s why it’s so exciting.”
Scientists know forests soak up about a third of carbon emissions from fossil fuels, but they don’t know exactly where that carbon goes—or how it’s affected by drought.
Laura Meredith, director of rainforest research at Biosphere 2, wants to find out if ecosystems will respond to droughts in a way that releases carbon and worsens climate change, “or in a way that actually helps mitigate it, helps slow down the process. Maybe they have some mechanisms that allow them to be very resilient and to absorb those changes.”
It’s a massive experiment with more than 80 scientists from 13 institutions, funded by a 2 million dollar grant from the European Research Council.
Inside the Biosphere 2’s rainforest is a hollowed-out mountain buzzing with scientific instruments. A spiderweb of plastic tubes links about 20 gas analyzers to every part of the rainforest. “The plants look a little bit like they’re hospitalized with all of the sensors, too,” Meredith says. “We have sap flow sensors, water storage sensors.”
The team even had to hire climbers to scale the top of the glass dome and hook sensors onto individual leaves. Jana U’Ren, a biosystems engineer at the University of Arizona, says, “We had to order 20 bags of—like turkey bags that you’d normally cook your Thanksgiving turkey in, and we made little enclosures for leaves.” That’s to figure out how plants “spend” their carbon when they’re stressed: do they store it in roots and leaves, give it away to microbes, or breathe it back into the air as a kind of coping mechanism?
Joost van Haren is an earth scientist at the University of Arizona. “It’s this resilience that trees have which is so super cool,” he says. “Because of many ways that trees are so different from us humans, we really don’t grasp that kind of resilience just yet.”
The scientists will collect almost a petabyte of data, says cyber infrastructure expert Bonnie Hurwitz. That’s like a book with five hundred billion pages. She says, “Everything is wired and linked up, streaming to the cloud, and it gives us an opportunity unlike any other ecosystem where we have both the technology and science in place to really measure and monitor these global processes that are impossible to do in the field.”
The idea is to build better models of how ecosystems work. The scientists say those predictions will be crucial as real rainforests begin to heat up. John Adams, deputy director of Biosphere 2, says it was built by people who dreamed of going to other planets, but now it’s about protecting our own.
“There is only one Earth,” Adams says. “Everything had to come together to make it a suitable atmosphere and conditions for you and I to survive, and you just don’t find that anywhere else.”
Today the team turns the rain back on and they’ll study the rainforest as it recovers.
Melissa Sevigny is a science reporter at KNAU in Flagstaff, Arizona.
IRA FLATOW: Time now to check in on the state of science.
SPEAKER 1: This is KER–
SPEAKER 2: For WWNO–
SPEAKER 3: St. Louis Public Radio–
SPEAKER 4: Iowa Public Radio News.
IRA FLATOW: Local science stories of national significance. With climate change shifting weather patterns around the world and fires continuing to rage in Australia and the Amazon, the question of how carbon gets stored, used, and released in the environment is getting more attention. Researchers from over 80 institutions are collaborating on a project to track how the carbon flows in a rainforest under drought condition and as it recovers. But it’s not happening down in the Amazon, it’s happening in Arizona.
You know the enclosed dome of the Biosphere 2 habitat? They’re letting researchers use things like carbon 13 labeled CO2 to follow the flow of carbon through the air, the plants, and the soil. Joining me now to talk about the project is Melissa Sevigny, science reporter at KNAU in Flagstaff. Welcome to Science Friday.
MELISSA SEVIGNY: Thanks for having me.
IRA FLATOW: So tell us about this project. What is going on there and in Biosphere 2?
MELISSA SEVIGNY: Right, so one of the cool things about an enclosed ecosystem like the Biosphere 2 is that you can control the weather, so scientists decided, why not turn off the rain for two months and force this rainforest to go through a drought. And one of the big questions they have is what the plants are going to do with their carbon when they’re stressed out. So we know that forests soak up a huge amount of carbon, but we don’t know exactly where that carbon goes, and that’s because in the real world, you just can’t track carbon cycles that closely.
But the great thing about the Biosphere 2 is that it’s a sealed ecosystem. So one of the experiments the scientists did is they closed all of the doors and they shut themselves inside for four hours, and I got to be in there with them, it was a great deal of fun, and they released canisters of carbon 13 into the air. That’s heavy carbon and it’s something they can track way scientific instruments. And then they had these instruments hooked up to every part of the rainforest to see exactly where those carbon molecules ended up.
IRA FLATOW: And so they could follow the carbon cycle, as we call it?
MELISSA SEVIGNY: Right, exactly. And so it’s a pretty cool setup. Inside the rainforest is this fake hollow mountain, and inside that mountain is a room that was filled with very precise scientific instruments, and there was this spider web of plastic tubing that connected those instruments to every part of the rainforest. It was something like 2 miles of tubes, and they were constantly collecting gas samples from different parts of the rainforest and figuring out where the carbon was going. So just as one example that was pretty neat, they wanted to look at individual leaves, so they wrapped up leaves in these Teflon bags and hooked them up to the instruments so they could see, maybe the leaves are getting stressed out and they’re releasing more carbon into the atmosphere, and they could look at that very closely.
IRA FLATOW: So how long will this experiment run? And will they keep tweaking up the CO2 levels to sort of mimic what’s going to be going on in the atmosphere?
MELISSA SEVIGNY: Right, so the experiment– the drought itself was two months, and they ended that drought in December, and it’s pretty important to track the recovery of the plants after the drought ends, so they’re going to keep collecting data for the next month or two and watch how the plants recover.
IRA FLATOW: It’s interesting, because people are wondering, what’s the best use for Biosphere 2, and now it looks like we have found something really useful.
MELISSA SEVIGNY: Right. Right, yeah. I don’t think anyone could have predicted that. Certainly, 30 years ago, it wasn’t built specifically for this type of research, but it turns out to be a really useful place.
If you’re studying climate change, and you’re looking at ecosystems in the real world, they’re very complicated and it’s super hard to control all of the variables, but if you’re just looking at like, a potted plant or a greenhouse, well, that’s pretty small, and you’re not really getting the complete picture. So this rainforest is the size of a gymnasium. It’s been living and thriving for 30 years. It’s the perfect place to do this kind of research.
IRA FLATOW: And you got a chance to go in there. Melissa, thank you very much for telling us what it’s like.
MELISSA SEVIGNY: Thanks so much.
IRA FLATOW: Melissa Sevigny is a science reporter at KNAU in Flagstaff..Roman Harper
When I was setting up this interview with Roman Harper, a safety for the New Orleans Saints known for his quick moves and gray hair, I felt our roles were reversed – in football terms, I was chasing him, rather than him chasing me. Fortunately, thanks to persistence – from both of us – we were able to connect. Much like a good play.
A safety is probably one of the more badass positions in football: not only does the player have to block, he has to be nimble enough to keep up with some of the fastest players in the game: running backs and wide receivers.
Harper has always been flexible. As a student at Prattville High School in Alabama, he was the quarterback, safety and returner for his team. Football already ran in his family – his father played for the Kansas City Chiefs. (He retired after he blew out his knees.)
After playing football as a safety at University of Alabama, Harper was drafted in the second round by the New Orleans Saints in 2006. Harper started the first five games, but a knee injury abbreviated his rookie year. He came back in ’07 with one of his strongest seasons ever, with three interceptions, as well as four sacks that are rivaled by the 7.5 sacks he had in ’11. A consistent starter for the New Orleans Saints, he’s been selected for two Pro Bowls (’09, ’10), and was part of the team’s Super Bowl XLIV win. Harper has also been honored with the Ed Block Courage award. Honorees are voted on by their teammates, with the award given to NFL players who are “role models of inspiration, sportsmanship and courage.”
You will be sure to see lots of No. 41 (the same number he had in college) this season – whether it be on the field making plays, or off field at charitable event.
In high school you were a quarterback, safety and returner. How did you evolve into just being a safety in college? I only played quarterback for one year – I didn’t have enough experience. In my heart, deep down, I always wanted to play corner or safety. My dad was a safety.
It’s said the second hardest position on the football team – after the quarterback – is the safety. How would you describe your job as a safety? You have to do everything – cover receivers, make tackles against the best athletes in the world – and not mess up. People see when the back half messes up; no one really sees the missed block. The back line is always in the spotlight.
I am very blessed. I get to play professional football and make money doing it. I’m actually pretty good at it.
Who is the toughest player that you have had to tackle? Adrian Peterson of the Minnesota Vikings: He has the combination of speed and power.
Because he’s a teammate, I haven’t had to tackle him, but looking at Pierre Thomas, he breaks so many tackles – he’s hard to tackle.
Who is the fastest running back or wide receiver that you have come up against? Devery Henderson when he was at Louisiana State University. We were playing against each other and he ran up and around me before I knew it. The funny thing is, years later we’re teammates.
In pro football: the running backs on the Carolina Panthers and Adrian Peterson of the Minnesota Vikings.
What is your favorite play to make? I like to make interceptions. But the best is when you make a play and you hear the crowd goes “Whoa.” It’s the best feeling.
Who do you look up to as a mentor? It’s the coaches that have really influenced me. All helped me reach to where I am today.
When I got to the Saints, Jay Bellamy [a safety] helped me out mentally and what to look out for – it was help from the older safeties on the team.
I heard you were a die-hard San Francisco 49ers fan growing up. Still a fan? I loved the old 49ers! During the playoff game [January 2012], the biggest surprise was when this man came up to me before the game in a 49ers jersey. He introduced himself as Brent Jones, saying that he bet I didn’t know who he was. Of course I knew who he was – I was a huge fan when I was a kid – he was a tight end who played with Joe Montana and Steve Young. Jones told me that he was a huge fan of mine – it was the best compliment. It makes it all worthwhile.
What is it like to play against old coaches, such as Mike Shula, who was your coach at University of Alabama, who’s now quarterbacks coach with the Carolina Panthers. Hard to say, but in this last game against the Carolina Panthers, I tackled Greg Olsen near the sideline. Next thing you know, someone is tapping me on my shoulder as I was getting up and it’s Shula, who says, “Good job, Roman.” No one really noticed it except us. After the game we talked for about 10 minutes, catching up on each other’s lives.
Tell me about Harper’s Hope 41 Foundation. The group does a bunch of things geared to families, such as after-school activities for children. But I also do more in the community – I want to help and reach as many people as possible. I’ve been blessed.
True Confession: I love to cut my own grass.
At a Glance
Age: 29 Profession: Professional Football player: Safety, New Orleans Saints Resides: Destrehan Born/Raised: Prattville, Ala. Education: Prattville High School; University of Alabama, degree in business management Family: Father, Ronald Harper; Mother, Princess Harper; three older brothers: Bryan Harper, Shai Hudson and Ronald (Ronnie) Harper (I’m the youngest boy), and a sister, Talia Harper. I also have a daughter. Favorite books: The Bible; The Shack Favorite movies: Gladiator; Larry Crowne Favorite TV shows: “Property Brothers”; “Judge Mathis” Favorite restaurant: Mr. John’s; Outback Steakhouse Favorite food: Steak and potatoes Favorite musician: Michael Jackson Hobby: Golf Favorite vacation spot: Los AngelesDon’t worry, I’m not going to get all lovey dovey and sentimental on you guys. This love story isn’t about two people. It’s the simple tale of a girl (me, #duh) and her running shoes (Newton Running).
In the Beginning – High school was all about New Balance and Asics. In college, Nike staged an invasion, first with the LunarGlide, then with the Nike Free. I have no complaints about any of my past shoes, in fact, I still prefer the dynamic movement of the Free for the gym.
The Great Awakening – A friend (we’ll call him Princess) took me to Newton Running in Boulder, CO and I was fit to a shoe based on my gait. I struggled a bit because the shoe was light and airy and felt so natural. But it was… ummmmm…. freakin’ ugly, to put it nicely. But I gave it a try (luckily, Newton has put a little more effort into the aesthetic of their newer shoes).
You Complete Me – Six years, 1,817 miles, and eight shoes later and I am as in love today as I ever have been. My preferred shoe is the Distance Elite, which is minimalist and best for me because I pronate and run very high on the balls of my feet.
QUIZ: Find your Newton Running Shoe
Lug Life: The Science Behind the World’s Most Responsive Running Shoe – The true secret behind Newtons are the four to five lugs under the balls of your feet. These lugs do two things:
- Action/Reaction™ Technology – Creates a responsive cushioning for quicker bounce-back. With a standard running shoe, your power is absorbed by the foam-core sole, but with Newtons you are boosted with each step.
- % Grade – Many popular running shoes have a heel-to-toe drop of 12mm, which is an 8% grade (for reference, 8% is the grade at which truckers are given a warning about steep roads ahead). That’s crazy talk! This slope changes your running gait and puts added pressure on unnecessary parts of your leg and foot. Newton lugs help to level you out, creating a more natural gait with anywhere from a 1.3% to 3.3% grade. Much better! See below for reference of popular “flat” or minimalist running shoes that are anything but.
Happily Ever After – Wether you’re a heel-to-toe runner, or naturally stay on the balls of your feet, Newton Running shoes will help improve and power your stride. No more calf tightness, no more achilles pain, just a boost of energy with every step and a whole new view on running. Woo hoo!
READ: Taking my Newtons on the Road
How Do Others Stack Up, Literally – Here is the heel-to-toe drop and grade of some top runners in the market (I specifically looked at women’s, but typically men’s are the same or similar).
- Newton Distance Elite – 2mm/1.3%
- Hoka One One Clayton – 4mm/2.6%
- Topo Athletic Ultrafly – 5mm/3.3%
- New Balance Vazee Pace v2 – 6mm/4%
- Asics FuzeX Lyte – 8mm/5.3%
- Nike Lunarglide 8 – 9.5mm/6.3%
- Brooks Ghost 9 – 12mm/8%Commencement 2021: Visitor Information
Commencement Tickets/Wristbands
Graduates may bring up to six guests to the outdoor Commencement ceremony. At the outdoor ceremony, no wristbands will be required. All guests, regardless of vaccination status, must be masked.
In case of inclement weather, the Commencement ceremony will be moved indoors to the Angela Athletic & Wellness Facility. If we hold an indoor ceremony, graduates will be allowed three guests. Each graduating senior has received three wristbands, which serve as "tickets" in case the ceremony is moved inside. All indoor guests must wear the wristbands, so please be sure to bring them with you to campus in case it rains. No guest may enter the indoor ceremony without a wristband. Again, all guests must be masked.
COVID-19 Health and Safety Protocols
In partnership with state and local health officials, the College has instituted public health protocols to keep the campus community and local communities as safe as possible. All of the College’s health and safety protocols will be in effect for Commencement weekend, including masking requirements.
Bookstore Hours for Commencement Weekend
The Shaheen Bookstore will be open Saturday, May 22 from 9 a.m. – 5 p.m. and Sunday, May 23 from 10 a.m. – 2 p.m.
Accommodations and Meals
Due to the ongoing pandemic, the College will not be offering housing to families and guests in the residence halls this year. Additionally, the Noble Family Dining Hall is open only for our students. Guests can enjoy the 1844 Cafe (including Starbucks), located in the Student Center, which will be open from 9 a.m. – 2 p.m. on Friday, and from 8 a.m. – noon on Saturday.
Parking and Campus Map
Commencement parking is available at three locations on campus:
- Angela Parking Lot
- Science Hall Parking Lot
- Commuter Parking Lot
Handicapped parking is available in the Clubhouse Parking Lot (southeast of Madeleva Hall). Golf carts will be available to take guests from the handicapped parking lot to the Le Mans Green for the Commencement ceremony.The Backyard Zombie Movie part 4
Night of the Living Dead’s Judith Odey and Kyra Schon guest star!
The Demon Lover
The Demon Lover starts off just the way I like it, nice and spooky with the sleeping girl and a Satanic cultist casting a spell. I’m actually a fan of 70s occult horror so starting the movie off like this is right up my alley. It sets the tone even while it makes you wonder what is going on.
Funny, the cultist looks more than a little bit like David Mustane from Megadeth. We’ll find later that his name is Damian Kaluta and he’s the cult leader.
I’m a little confused though as to why the victim is wandering around in the dark outside. My previous experience with Donald Jackson films makes me feel this might be a diversion, until A black and skeletal hand reaches out water from the blackness.
We cut back to the creepy basement where a bunch of hippies are enjoying banjo music and alcohol. While everybody relaxes on my grandfathers couch, Frank Zappa is downstairs doing the funky chicken, I kid you not.
The truth is, the cult leader, camping under a pyramid tent, seems to be the only one there taking things seriously. It’s an interesting snapshot of a cult culture in the 70s. The fact that the rest of the cult members are so flippant begins to really anger Kaluta who explodes in a rage.
“What a bummer, how are you going to have any fun if we don’t get drunk and do something scary?” That pretty much sums up most of the members, just there on the lark looking for kicks. He drives them away in frustration
Almost alone in his solitude, Damian Kaluta finds himself with one disciple, and begins the ritual by himself. He manages to conjure up a Demon. It’s a hairy demon, but I guess it WAS the 70s. In the morning the police, lead by Detective Tom Frazetta, find a dead body.
The spell begins to take hold as Damian uses his magic and his Demon to take revenge on his forsaken flock. The deaths attract the attention of Frazetta the local portly detective with a moustache. He visits various occult gatherings at Ted nugent’s house (no, really.) where he encounters former cult members and various mystics including a quick appearance by a VERY young Gunner Hanson. I’m less bothered out by the fact that he’s not wearing a flesh mask like leather face, not it’s the fact that his beard is so dark that it’s almost black. I’m so used to him and his snowy white beard that the dark hair is freaking me out. Detective Frazetta is unimpressed and he goes to interview Damian Kaluta to dig up some dirt, fruitlessly.
We cut to Kaluta in the middle of a dojo, training in martial arts. It’s one of the first touches I’ve actually seen that give some real indication that Jackson was involved. He was always interested in spirituality, but very little of his work dabbles in the occult…it offends his fundamentalist upbringing. Eastern philosophy, though, martial arts and Bushido though always fascinated him and this seemingly random scene inserted in the middle of the film makes perfect sense considering Jackson’s predilections.
The kills, when they come are good and I actually like the design of the demon, hookey as it may be. But the film is poorly paced and the murders are too far apart. You can see it’s still early days for Donald Jackson. He is learning how to craft a narrative and is
beginning to understand how to flow from one scene to the next, but hasn’t really learned script writing structure yet, and the sort of ramshackle production begins to show cracks at the seems (Particularly if you know any of the backstory on the perils of this production). “The Demon Lover” has a lot of the same clumsiness that we saw from West Craven in “Last House on the Left”, yet it also showcases much of the same promise for the director.
Nevertheless, I can imagine this being a perfectly acceptable bottom half of a double bill feature at the drive-ins of the 70s which is exactly where it ended up playing. It’s definitely worth a look, especially for fans of satanic horror. It becomes particularly interesting when paired up with the documentary about the production…but good luck finding either.
Guardians of the Galaxy 3
What Guardians 3 SHOULD be….
Death Race 2050
Remember when I said Death Race 2000 was the kind of film that could only be made in the 70’s? I stand by that statement. That’s why it was such a bad idea to try and remake it in 2016-17.
Death Race 2050 is a soft reboot that acts as a kind of sequel to the original Death Race and retreads the same plot more or less exactly. Of course, this film uses no name actors and brighter colors to achieve a hyper reality that directly conflicts with the supposed dire nature of the race.
When Death Race 2000 was made, it was ridiculous and campy, but to their credit, all the actors played it straight. There were hams of course, but they never played it off as comedy or parody. The same can’t be said in DR2050. This film isn’t even trying. It’s unintentional parody of itself. There’s the occasional heavy handed
political message (It’s no longer the USA, it’s the United Corporation of America, with the “C” done up similar to a dollar sign) but it’s so cliche you can’t really even believe it’s earnest about it.
The cars themselves are quite cool to look at, but they don’t seem real. They feel like toys or models, a little too convoluted sci-fi – the sort of thing you’d find in “Total Recall” or “Demolition Man”. The featured ones don’t fit with the rest of this world. That dosen’t stop me from wanting a Hot Wheels of them though….
I don’t want to call this film garbage, because I like garbage films. This sullies the good name of garbage. Rather I’d just call it a waste of time. if you’re new to the Death Race franchise, this film will put you right off it. If You’re a fan of the Death Race films, this movie will make you angry as Frankenstein in an ill-fitting mask. Either way, it ends up being just a waste of time.
According to IMDB: “Captions are written in Comic Sans “.
I think that nicely sums it up.
Spotlight on Donald G. Jackson
>>IMAGE.
The Backyard Zombie Movie part 3
Evil Dead’s Tom Sullivan guest stars!
Death Race Franchise
I was well into my thirties, pushing forty really, before I saw Death Race 2000. I have no idea what took so long either. Some films just fall behind the bookshelf – you know, the stuff you always mean to watch but never actually get around too? Death Race was like that for me.
Doing up my reviews, I realized something else. It may be a generational thing. I missed Death Race by at least half a decade. There were no commercials or advertising blitz for it to pique my interest, and it wasn’t one of the movies that constantly played on late night UHF like the
Death Wish films and the Eastwood westerns. I think it more went by unnoticed, never germinating the nostalgia in me that it might have if I were about five years older.
Still, I’m a Corman fan and I remember being vaguely aware of the Statham reboot, understanding that yes, they were indeed connected. Seems like it’s time to hit all of these at once, especially with #4 being released just a couple years ago.
So let’s kick off this years franchise focus with the Death Race films. Come along as we look at the good, the bad, and the REALLY bad.
Asylum
I’m a fan of Malcolm McDonald, which is really why am watching this. Robert Patrick is always a plus, though I haven’t seen him in a whole lot of things other than Terminator. Deborah Gordon was a nice surprise, I was an admirer of hers back from her Mad TV days. That goes double for Henry Gibson, who frequently used a pop-up on Sabrina the Teenage Witch as a frozen judge. Even Sarah Douglas, from Superman II, is getting in the act here as the asylum psychiatrist!
Robert Patrick is playing an interesting character investigating insurance claims and stuff like that, going in to cover and catching people in the act of fraud, until friend of dies. This kicks off his personal investigation into the death at the asylum. To that end we see him getting him self thrown into the asylum and It’s then that McDowell finally appears – in a bizarre wig and scraps. Threre’s kind of a Dream Warriors vibe going on here, and don’t think I missed that one patient named Alucard!
Patrick prowls the offices it mate, looking for evidence – and bumping into that weird Looney Tunes Malcolm McDowell again – It’s enough to make me wonder if this is more
a thriller and mystery than it is a horror movie.
Eavesdropping on a board meeting, Patrick hears about patient abuse and discovers a file on the various patients. Malcolm McDowell is the first page of the stack. That’s where the mystery really kicks off. We’re treated to a lot of the expected tropes – abuse of guards reading the female patients, A day room scene right out of one of the Cuckoo’s nest, and various antics from the inmates.
This is actuIf there’s any flaw here, it’s the slow burn at the beginning, with us not exactly knowing where this is going. I needed more leading up to this, however it has a great reveal and a good concept, well executed. Definite watch, especially if it happens to be on TV. Perfect in a set like this.Beware: Don’t Fall For These Fake Third Coronavirus Stimulus Checks Emails
It’s been more than six months since Congress approved the third stimulus checks, and millions of people have already got their money. There are, however, some eligible people that are...
It’s been more than six months since Congress approved the third stimulus checks, and millions of people have already got their money. There are, however, some eligible people that are still eagerly waiting for their stimulus checks. This is what scammers are taking advantage of by sending fake third coronavirus stimulus checks emails to people waiting for their payment.
Q3 2021 hedge fund letters, conferences and more
How Do These Fake Third Coronavirus Stimulus Checks Emails Work?
Congress approved the third stimulus checks of up to $1,400 in March this year. Most of the payments have already been sent, and the IRS will continue sending the payment to the remaining eligible households through the end of 2021.
Thus, those who haven’t yet got the third stimulus check are waiting for the agency to send their payment. Additionally, there are many people who believe they qualify for the third payment because they qualified for the first and second payment. However, in reality, they may or may not qualify, depending on the eligibility requirements. So, such people are also waiting for their third stimulus check.
Scammers are targeting such people by sending them fake third coronavirus stimulus checks emails, pretending it to be from the IRS. These fake emails try to lure people by promising them their third stimulus check if they click on the provided link, which as per the email will direct users to the application, notes an alert from the FTC issued last week.
However, clicking the link could enable the hacker to steal users’ personal information and money.
“But the link is a trick,” the FTC says in the alert. “If you click it, a scammer might steal your money and your personal information to commit identity theft.”
Tips To Stay Safe
According to the FTC, about 12,500 people have filed a complaint about a stimulus check related scam. Collectively, these people have lost about $17.6 million. Thus, the FTC urges people not to fall for such emails.
As per the IRS, it doesn’t “initiate contact by email, text messages or social media channels to request personal or financial information — even information related to the Economic Impact Payments.”
Further, the agency asks people to be cautious of emails with attachments, or links claiming to be related to the stimulus checks or refunds. The FTC recommends that people visit the IRS website directly to get all the information they need. Also, the agency recommends that people report such fake emails to ReportFraud.ftc.gov.
Additionally, it is important for people to know that they don’t need to take any action to get their stimulus payment. All they need to do is file their tax return before the deadline to get the payment this year.
Those who don’t generally file taxes can use the IRS Non-Filer Sign-Up Tool to submit their information to the IRS. This tool is available from the Advance Child Tax Credit page.I didn’t have to think twice when I was choosing which one of my recipes to share on the blog as the historical first one. This recipe for a creamy vegan oatmeal is one of those I am profoundly proud of. I tried to take as good pictures of it as possible but trust me – the taste of this delicious oatmeal is far better than it looks!
So, let’s begin, shall we?
Ingredients
I love easy, healthy, quick and delicious recipes and this one fits all of the mentioned categories. You are going to need only few ingredients plus hot water and you can easily adjust the recipe to be refined sugar free by omitting the chocolate.
For 2 portions of oatmeal, you are going to need:
8 tbsp. of oat flakes / or different kind of flakes according to your choosing
½ cup of frozen raspberries
2 ripe bananas
½ cup of your favorite nuts
2 cubes of dark chocolate
2 cups of hot water
Extra tips for the ingredients:
I love to do my own mix of oat flakes which you can put into a yogurt later or use them as a foundation when cooking all sorts of oatmeal. I mix oat flakes with spelt flakes, flax seeds and hemp seeds and store them in a perfectly closed food container so they wouldn’t go bad.
Good quality chocolate will lift this oatmeal to the next level, you shouldn’t use too much though in order not to outshine the other flavors of the meal.
How to cook:
Put the raspberries into a small cooking pot and add half cup of hot water. Cook until it creates a watery raspberry sauce.
At the same time, pour the rest of the hot water into a medium cooking pot and let it boil. When it boils, add the oat flakes and nuts and cook until the flakes absorb the water and create a nice “oatmealy” consistence.
In the meanwhile, put the bananas into two bowls and smash them with a fork. Pour the cooked oatmeal equally into both bowls and mix it all together.
Once you are done, you have a creamy banana oatmeal. Put on the chocolate broken into pieces and pour over the cooked raspberry sauce.
And ta daaa!
You have your creamy vegan oatmeal with banana, raspberries and chocolate. Once you start to eat, it is best to mix everything together again. All of the ingredients go nicely together, and you won’t even know that you are eating healthy! ^^
Try the recipe and let me know your opinion! Tag me on the Instagram and use the hashtag #wickedcooking!
Let’s cook in a wicked and clever way together!Flashing white lights on a craft appearing in the east and heading west, appearing to be of a circular shape, silent, slow, diagonal.At approximately 22:15 me, my husband, my sister and my two children witnessed for the third time this year and the second time this month, 3-4 bright, whitish/blue lights flashing in a diagonal line across the horizon in the southeastern sky. The lights appeared to be circulating around an object and kept perfect spacing between the lights at all times. The object itself was not seen, though as in a previous sighting, the lights tilted from a horizontal line to a diagonal line while moving from the southwest toward the northeast. The sightings have all been at nearly the same time of night and always witnessed moving basically from the west to the east. The disappearance of the object/craft is always at the same point from our perspective, being nearly due east. Only from the lights can it be assumed that the shape of the object must be somewhat circular, as when it tilts, more lights are visible, as if seeing lights on both "sides" of the craft. It was slow moving, there was no sound, no vibration, and no visual disturbances or obstructions with the exception of a very few sparse, low lying clouds beneath a full moon.As for the three adults in this group: we range in age from 60, 56, and 41. None of us are any more or less than average citizens and none of us uses drugs or any kind of hallucinogens. We are, quite simply, hard-working country folk who have, for several years, been observing strange, random sightings in the night and day skies. To us all, it seems as though these occurrences have become much more frequent and with greater diversity in shapes, sizes, light colors and duration. I will note in all seriousness however, that twice in the past few years I mistakenly asked my son to get a camera and each time I did this, the objects disappeared and did not reappear for many months. I will let those of a more evolved intelligence deliberate on why this happens. However, I will not make that mistake again; as in to attempt to document on film such an object and simply enjoy it for the show it provides us.Surfer Captures Footage Of Giant Great White Circling Him!
Just in time for Shark Week, a surfer off the coast of Australia captures a huge Great White circling him with his GoPro camera. Good thing the shark wasn't hungry. We would have never seen this intense footage.
Shackalacka bam....again...tkoenig
You'd never catch me out there on a surfboard.
Now you know what A C fills like when TK is around.
PLOP!! ^
AC
Time to get a boat.
this board isnt big enough
i think were gonna need a bigger board...
i think were gonna need a bigger board...Holiday Deals
Won’t last long! Explore more Ulta Beauty at Target deals
Makeup gifts for everyone on your list
Skin care picks that make great gifts
Hair care products that are perfectly giftable
Make the most of your Target run
Returns
†Only for Ulta Beauty products purchased in Target stores or online.
Beauty Consulting
Ulta Beauty at Target Makeup
Ulta Beauty at Target Skin Care
Ulta Beauty at Target Hair Care
Ulta Beauty at Target Bath & Body
Ulta Beauty at Target Fragrances
Ulta Beauty at Target
Get you glam on with the Ulta Beauty at Target experience in store & online. The Ulta Beauty store is now inside your happy place to give you a one-stop store where you can pick up groceries, apparel as well as your favorite cosmetics, beauty products, makeup, skin care & hair care. What’s more, you get more out of every trip by clubbing two amazing reward programs, Target Circle & Ultamate rewards. Go for a Target Beauty run or check out Target.com to explore this exciting pair-up up of your all-time favorite retailer with your fave beauty retailer. You can sort by makeup, skin care & hair care to make it easier to find your trusted salon hair care products. Whether you’re looking for eyeshadows from Sephora, skin care serums from brands you love or bath bombs & fragrance for holiday gifting, Ulta Beauty at Target has got you covered. With the biggest beauty brands, try-on services, salon services & more, you get everything you need while the kids can pick up school essentials, games & groceries. Experience indulgence at its best with a Target run that’s suddenly looking even more promising.In my heart I marveled and wondered and realized how exhilarating the experience was... and how much these storms can coincide with the trueness of life.
Hearts hurt, it is a harsh fact of the human condition. The inflictions very just like the drops that fall from the sky. One thing is certain and consistent; the pain that remains.
What do you do with that pain? Where does it go, when does it stop? My own hurts have stemmed in childhood, been renewed as an adult and never seem to quite stop when others, without thought or realization, push an offense.
Like the rain pounding, the thunder rumbling and the lighting crashing, my mind and my heart race and my hurts flood down. Where do I let them go? Where do they pool?
For the last 3 years I have worked to smooth out the pooling places in my heart. Something God showed me to do one winter when my hurts were at a high and wounds were raw and gaping from years of festering. I couldn't handle the ache anymore so I crumbled before Him who heals all hurts.
God showed me how key forgiveness was to my pain. I argued that I was justified to begrudge. God showed me how he was justified to begrudge as well... but he didn't. Jesus had a choice: forgo pain and leave mankind in sin with no redemption or give up all for the sake of the lost... while they still caused hurt. He picked the latter. He showed me how, to be Christian is to be Christ-like and that especially included forgiveness.
It took some ponderings but I realized that the biggest problem was me wanting to be justified. Wanting others to admit their wrong. Desiring to have my due reward and right to mangled pain I had become bitter and ugly.
I didn't like bitter and ugly.
I wanted to be beautiful and renewed. Like the rush of light and the freshness of green when the rain stops and the sun shines. I wanted that in my very soul.
So I prayed.
I sought God's forgiveness for me, for my harboring of pain and animosity. I told God I forgave those who hurt me, even though they didn't know and understand the extent of the affliction, even though some of them continued to hurt me. I lifted them to Him and I prayed for their hearts to know truth and love and hope and peace.
In my moment of submission, the rain fell and washed away the dirt. As I rose, the light poked through the darkness and the storms cleared up. The forgiveness filled the holes in my heart and the rain dried, leaving no puddles.
Hope was renewed. Fresh and alive and exhilarated.
Be kind to one another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, as God in Christ forgave you. - Ephesians 4:32
I may not know what hurts will come or how deep they will try to bore. But I do know the One who saves, the One who brings Hope and the One whose forgiveness is always worth emulating. I will trust in Him. I will rest in His comfort and protection. I will not be hurt for the Lord God is with me.
When the rains pour in your life, I pray you know His peace and forgiveness, that the clouds clear and the sun shines and you feel Him with you too.
God Bless!
Every life has testimonies of how God intercedes to show His power and glory. To read the first installment in a brand new series of books about God's divine work in one person's life, click below
"It took some ponderings but I realized that the biggest problem was me wanting to be justified. Wanting others to admit their wrong. Desiring to have my due reward and right to mangled pain I had become bitter and ugly"...oh, I have struggled here, too...and recenlty, I feel myself letting go more and more...and allowing his beauty to transform me! Thank you for this BEAUTIFUL post!!!
You are very welcome! God Bless you Rebecca!
You're so right! Unforgiveness eats us alive. It is only when we let go and trust God to avenge us and choose to forgive that we are truly free. Thank you for the beautiful reminder---and send some of that rain our way!
You are very welcome, Jennifer! I will bottle you some of the rain ;-)SALAMANCA (AP) — The Seneca Nation of Indians is speaking out against a proposal for a wastewater treatment project on the Allegheny River.
The president of the Nation, Todd Gates, is scheduled to detail his concerns at a news conference with elected officials from New York and Pennsylvania on Wednesday.
Epiphany Allegheny LLC is seeking approval for a plant on the river in Coudersport, Pennsylvania that would process wastewater produced as a byproduct of hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, for natural gas.
The news conference is scheduled for 2 p.m. at the Seneca offices in Salamanca.Kanebo Counter Takeover in Cebu7:56:00 PM
Hey ladies! I've missed you all! It has been a while since I posted here in blogsphere. But I just thought this one's worth sharing.
I recently had the pleasure to work with the Kanebo Cosmetics team. It's the first time I've experienced a counter takeover for a few hours. Where we offered beauty consultations and free makeover. It was such a fun experience and I got to find a couple of products from Kanebo that I fell in love with during the few hours that I played with their skin care and makeup.
I posted about the event all over my social media sites. In case you missed it, here's the e-poster they made for me.
I also had an FB live while doing a fresh day time makeup for a friend. I first asked her what her plans where for the day and what look she's going for. She came in literally bare-faced and just wanted to have a polished look for the day, since she's just going to do errands.
Anyway, I made up a few others who wanted to me to just fix their brows and was just honestly glad they were happy with how their brows looked.
For those who are not familiar with the brand. Kanebo is a high-end Asian cosmetics brand. They are the leading producer of high-quality cosmetics and skincare, headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.
Fun Fact: Kanebo is the first maker of powder foundations.
With Kanebo's head Makeup Artist and trainer, Floe and the rest of the Kanebo staff in Rustans, Ayala Center Cebu.
These ladies really helped me a lot during the event. I asked them about their best sellers and found that their Skin Care line is what their customers comeback for. I've seen first hand on how wonderful the effect is of their skin care. They had a loyal customer who repurchased a ton of skin care, she was in her late 50's but her skin is absolutely flawless, soft and smooth. I was amazed on how lovely her skin looked. I honestly thought she looked like she was in her mid 40's.
I really loved a lot from their makeup line, especially their primers and foundations. But these two above are the products I really think are worth trying. Will post reviews soon.
Please do visit their official website
to know more about the brand.
Follow them on Facebook
and on Instagram @kaneboglobalph
Until next time.
Cheerios!
***Hollie***There are currently no venues with scheduled Lewis Capaldi events. Please bookmark this page and check back again.
If you have seen Lewis Capaldi, why not submit your image.
Previous venues where you could see Lewis Capaldi have included Brixton Academy, Manchester Apollo, OVO Hydro, 3Arena, Motorpoint Arena Cardiff, SSE Arena Wembley and The O2 Arena. Lucrezia Borgia was born on 18 April 1480 at Subiaco, near Rome. [2] Her mother was Vannozza dei Cattanei, one of the mistresses of Lucrezia's father, Cardinal Rodrigo de Borgia later Pope Alexander.
She was a thoroughly accomplished princess, fluent in Spanish, Catalan, Italian, and French, which prepared her for advantageous marriage to any European monarch or prince, and literate in both Latin and Greek. She would also become proficient in the lute, poetry, and oration. The biggest testament to her intelligence is her capability in administration, as later on in life she took care of Vatican City correspondence and governance of Ferrara. "KPM framed painted porcelain plaque of Lucretia Borgia" is in sale since Monday, March 29, 2021. This item is in the category "Antiques\Decorative Arts\Picture Frames". The seller is "antiques4u_2" and is located in Wesley Chapel, Florida.
This item can be shipped worldwide.Tongue-in-cheek title aside (sorry guys, we had to).. Glory Hole is a very appropriate name for one of, if not THE, most iconic waterfall in the entire state. Stuck right in the middle of the Buffalo National Forest, the Glory Falls is worth the drive and the hike to get to.
There really isn’t any sign that says “Glory Hole this way.” So, you have to use your GPS and navigate a bit. The drive is gorgeous, and full of Ozark charm. Be sure to check out the hole in the wall (ok ok, we are done now) Ozone Burger Barn on Hwy 21 if you get the chance!
If you like some good humor, this would be an excellent time to cue up one of Phil’s favorite ridiculous Steel Panther songs, also titled Glory Hole. We have to warn you, it’s not for the faint of heart, children under 18, or work.
As you head down/up HWY 21, you’ll be looking for a collection of vehicles on the east side of the highway. Not only is it the most iconic waterfall but it’s very popular among outdoor enthusiasts.
Pull over and find yourself a spot if you can. Across the road is some parking, but be careful, it is private land… it would take a tow truck quite a while to get to you though (HA). Just be respectful. Once you have parked there is a small trail head. Just follow the signs or the people. The first half of the hike is really nothing to write home about, but the it opens up into an amazing hike! Water will start coming in on all sides and you’ll see a couple of unnamed waterfalls (we think they’re unnamed) before you find your way to the Glory Hole.
Upon approach you get to actually see the water fall go through the top of the hole. VERY NEAT! Hey, but you be careful! People have slipped and injured themselves. Once you traveled past the water going through the rock/bluff you’ll go underneath and see the Glory Hole in all its, well, glory. If this doesn’t impress you then we probably can’t be friends. Great photo op! Get all you can!
The hike back out isn’t that bad, and if you got there early enough you’ll have time to get another waterfall crossed of your check list. OH, and if you do not have a checklist, Tim Ernst’s Waterfall book is amazing and the best field guide for hunting Arkansas waterfalls. Get your own here. Bowers Hollow Falls isn’t very far from there…
Get out and EXPLORE!
Phil and Jess
The Arkansas To Do TeamFocus on Africa’s Islamic Extremists has Diverted Attention from South Sudan’s Growing Crisis
- Fredrick Nzwili Religious persecution, missions, Christianity around the world
- 2015 Feb 06.
On Monday (Feb. 2), South Sudan President Salva Kiir and his former deputy — now rebel — Riek Machar signed a peace agreement in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, that proposes a coalition government. A power struggle between the two sparked the fighting in December 2013.
Within months, the violence took on an ethnic dimension, with government troops largely from Kiir’s Dinka tribe and the rebels from Machar’s Nuer tribe engaging in deadly clashes.
“Like many of the conflicts in Africa, the South Sudan conflict is a politically motivated tribal war,” said Sheikh Abdallah Kheir, a religious scholar at Kenyatta University in Nairobi.
Since then, the parties have signed and broken six peace agreements.
But the peace negotiations leading to the pacts have concentrated on Kiir and Machar, leaving out key stakeholders such as religious groups, nongovernmental aid organizations and community leaders.
“As long as the prospects of peace are seen as preserve of the two, then the prospects of peace will remain bleak,” said Nyabera.
Sixty percent of South Sudan residents are Christian, 33 percent follow traditional African religions and 6 percent are Muslims, according to the Pew Research Center.
South Sudan became an independent state in July 2011 after voting to secede from Sudan in a referendum. But independence has not brought stability to the region, ICG said in its Jan. 29 report.
According to the South Sudan Catholic bishops, the war is about power, not about the people.
“The aspirations of individuals and factions have led to a cycle of revenge killing,” said Roman Catholic Archbishop Paulino Lukudu Loro of Juba said in a statement on Jan. 30.
“We say to all who are involved in any way: if you continue fighting you will finish yourselves and you will finish the nation. The nation needs to be salvaged from this sin.”
Courtesy: Religion News Service
Publication date: February 6, 2015Các Phúc Lợi Dành Cho Bạn
Mô Tả Công Việc
• Fix any issue related to database performance and provide corrective measures
• Create complex functions, scripts, stored procedures and triggers to support application development
• Take regular database backup
• Test databases and perform bug fixes
• Provide authentication and authorizations for Database
• Develop best practices for database design and development activities
• Analyzing and translating business needs into long-term solution data models.
• Create conceptual data models and data flows.
• Implementing data strategies and developing physical data models.
• Updating and optimizing local and metadata models.
• Evaluating implemented data systems for variances, discrepancies, and efficiency
Yêu Cầu Công Việc
• Strong knowledge of Database and SQL
• Must be familiar with common predefined PL/SQL packages such as: packages, functions, procedures, PL/SQL tables, Exceptions indexes, DDL, DML, Performance tuning , Writing complex SQL statements, job scheduling etc.
• Hands-on experience in Oracle version 12c+ and features
• Ability to understand complex code quickly and to write complex and optimized PL/SQL code, be able to debug
• Good unit testing and integration test strategies
• Willing to support team members/others on DB related tasks
• Good English communication skills
• Must be able to multi-task and deal with changing priorities
• Experience in Data modeling, data vault
• 1+ years' hands-on experience with physical and relational data modeling.
• Knowledge of metadata management and related tools.
• Knowledge of mathematical foundations and statistical analysisDomestic
2018-10-04 Season 5 of Hollywood Craftsmen Reveals the Hollywood Prop Library
2021-11-27 09:50:15 Today Morning Post
Lei Su red and black list: Atletico won the championship, the northern duo gathered in the German second
2021-11-27 09:50:15 Huaian Daily
Jordan's comeback reason why not play baseball jersey number used to be 45
2021-11-27 09:50:15 Liaoyuan Daily New Evening News
Deschamps: The European Cup is an important goal, and the squad is close to the completion of selection
2021-11-27 09:50:15 International Daily
Wang Xun became popular with Huang Bo? You won’t think so after reading his true identity
2021-11-27 09:50:15 New business
Foreign media: Venezuela’s election officially confirms the victory of the opposition
2021-11-27 09:50:15 Qianlong
The cause of Tiger Woods' car accident was exposed: speeding almost twice, the accelerator used as a brake?
2021-11-27 09:50:15 Daily News
Tang Bihu: Europe and the United States have achieved "herd immunity"? what should we do?
2021-11-27 09:50:15 Xinmin Weekly
Official: List of Chinese Sports Delegation for the Tokyo Olympics
2021-11-27 09:50:15 Economic Information
NBA plans for next season at 12 Yue 2 Ri start somewhat earlier than expected
2021-11-27 09:50:15 Economic Weekly Tonight
No casualties in a fire at a film and television studio in Mumbai, India
2021-11-27 09:50:15 AFP
5 dead and 25 injured in traffic accident in eastern Pakistan
2021-11-27 09:50:15 Xinhuanet
Japanese destroyer arrives in Vladivostok on the 25th for a joint exercise with the Russian army
2021-11-27 09:50:15 Xiamen Daily
Singapore completes RCEP approval process
2021-11-27 09:50:15 Current Affairs Comment
Germany VS Iceland injury: a total of 12 injuries between the two teams
2021-11-27 09:50:15 Sanqin Metropolis Daily
Breaking the bank, robbing the Apple store... The Mayor of the United States angrily scolded the demonstrators: Enough
2021-11-27 09:50:15 China Net
US House of Representatives Republican leader: the new crown virus assistance bill may be expected to reach a compromise
2021-11-27 09:50:15 Economic Observer Network
A magnitude 6.1 earthquake occurred in the waters near Gorontalo, Indonesia
2021-11-27 09:50:15 Securities Daily
Rosenberg VSPSV Eindhoven starting: Zahavi starting
2021-11-27 09:50:15 Zhongshan Daily
Latest news on the Iran epidemic
2021-11-27 09:50:15 Daily Business News
Fake wine incident in Bihar, India has killed 16 people, police arrested 5 people
2021-11-27 09:50:15 Xinhua Daily
H5 Diagram Cartoon Poster PanoramicProduced by this website
La Liga preview: Real Sociedad strikes out, Barcelona can be called Alguacil's bitter master
The results of the 2019-2020 UEFA Champions League team draws reveal the specific groupings of each group (Figure)
South Korea has two more cases of mutated new coronavirus and one person is diagnosed after death
The theme song of "Ghost Slayer: Infinite Train", "Yan" occupies No. 1 on the weekly singles chart for 11 consecutive weeks
The third person in sports history! The first person in football! C How is Luo earned 10 billion dollars?
Eight sectors expand the opening of education to the outside world
Current events Hot spot Internationality SocietyHot news
Pence refuses to act, Democrats push for Trump's impeachment
Global Connection丨Unprofessional, opaque, and not independent, revealing the true face of BCI
- [International 3 minutes] What is the impact of Iran's new president on the negotiations on the Iranian nuclear agreement?
- A small trainer plane crashed in India and 3 people were injured
- CEOs flooded into the live streaming room, not just to survive
- These 6 kinds of fruits can make you have less fat and make your skin more tender!
- Belgian European Cup squad: Lukaku leads, Hazard is listed
- Chinese player Li Tenglong joins West Second team Li Tenglong's profile
- The Security Council recommends Guterres to be re-elected as UN Secretary-General, China expresses its support
More newsOrder of the news
- Rostock defensive core transfer to join Eredivisie Hercules
- China Super League report: Bacambu shot, Beijing Guoan beat Dalian 1-0
- Elfsburg signs Iceland forward Sven Aron Goodjohnsen
- The cumulative number of confirmed cases of new crown in Brazil exceeds 19 million, but the epidemic slows down
- The gunman in the Canadian parliamentary shooting had planned to go to Syria to apologize to his mother
- Welcome to Los Angeles! Relive the hot moments of JR and James as teammates
- The spirit guy talks about the spirit 丨 Yushui affectionately spreads Yimeng
- Hot potato! People from all walks of life in Brazil oppose the hosting of the America's Cup in China
- Portugal Cup preview: Braga vs Benfica
- The dollar index rose slightly on the 28th
Channel Featured
- China's blind men's football team won the Asian Championship for the sixth time
- Vienna, Austria is short of 7 million euros and is on the verge of bankruptcy
- New crown epidemic tightens, Italy tightens epidemic prevention measures
- Vietnam League Preview: Da Nang VS Saigon FC
- New York Mercantile Exchange gold futures market December gold futures prices rose on the 4th
- Japanese job second preview: Kyoto Phoenix VS Nagasaki Success Maru
- Manchester United are in a mess! Players have their own ghosts
- Manchester United defeated Chelsea coach Solskjaer 2-1 after the game
- What happened to the suspension of primary and secondary schools in Hokkaido? What are the reasons for the suspension of primary and secondary schools in Hokkaido, Japan
- Director Xin Shuang personally answered all questions about "The Hidden Corner"Today on 26th February, 2017 I am going to enlist fresh job from Pakistan Railway Police Jobs 2017 For Constable & ASI Current NTS. Pakistan Railway Police is seeking and looking to hire smart, capable, energetic and dynamic applicants are required to apply for the following position named as (Constable & ASI) are the vacancies which needs to be filled by the applicants who are searching for the jobs in Pakistan Railway Police. Interested applicants should have overall qualification FA/FSc & Matric for both positions. Male & Female applicants from Peshawar, Rawalpindi, Lahore, Multan, Sukkur, Quetta and Karachi are eligible to apply as per mentioned in the following image. Ideal age limit should be 18-30 years with five years age relaxation will be given to the applicants. Department has set quota 50% for on open merit, 20% for In service/retired/diseased persons daughters & sons, 10% for Army Officer, 5% for Orphans, 10% for female and 5% for minorities is required to apply. Now, I will throw light on its other important details further given below.
Pakistan Railway Police Jobs 2017 For Constable & ASI Current NTS
Eligibility Criteria:
Physical Standard For Males:
Height: Height should be “5 Feet 7 Inches”.
Chest Size: Chest Size should be 33 by 34 ½ with (1/2 expansion)
Running Test: Male applicants have to cover 1 mile within 7 minutes time.
Pull Ups: Applicants have to do 3 Pull Ups.
Push Ups: Applicants have to perform 15 Push Ups.
Sit Ups: 20 Sit Ups have to be done by the male applicants.
Physical Standard For Females:
Height: Height should be “5 Feet 2 Inches”.
Running Test: Female applicants have to cover 1 mile within 10 minutes time.
Females are free from the Pull Ups, Sit Ups & Push Ups.
Pakistan Railway Police Jobs 2017 NTS Online Application form
Vacant Positions:
- Constable (BS-05)
- ASI (BS-09)
How To Apply for Pakistan Railway Police Jobs 2017:
- Willing and Interested applicants may download deposit slip & application form from official site of NTS
- Applicants are required to send duly filled application with original paid deposit slip of Rs. 400/- as test fee and attested copies of CNIC, two fresh photographs should reach at Headquarter 1-E, Street No. 46, Sector I-8/2, Islamabad.
- NTS test fee can be paid in any online branch HBL, ABL, MCB and ABL.
- Test fee is non transferable and non refundable.
- Last date for submission of application is 09th February, 2017.
- Applicants have to mention clearly the domicile / District and relevant division where he/she is applying.
- Incomplete applications or late received applications after expiry date will not be entertained.
- Applicants should bring original documents at the time of interview.
Address: National Testing Service Headquarter 1-E, Street No. 46, Sector I-8/2, Islamabad.
Source: Daily JangNearby Schools
Ressie JeffriesElementary School
Warren CountyMiddle School
Warren CountyHigh School
Description
If you have an investor looking for an AIRBNB or a FLIP, here's your opportunity. This is 3 levels. Top level has 2 big bedrooms with a shared full bathroom (Full bathroom in between the 2) Main level has a dining on the left with a kitchen behind it with access to a deck that overlooks one of the best mountain views. To the right from the entrance, you have living room with a step up to the family room. There is a full bathroom on the main level. Lower level is unfinished with but has a full bathroom as well with a walk-out with a partial finished room. Above ground sq ft is 2,436 + below unfinished is about another 1,200 or so. The lot is 3.81 acres!!! Biggest lot available in the area backed to the mountains.Lot: 164
Two 'Premio Smau' chairs, 1970
Ettore Sottsass Poltronova, Pistoia
Ettore Sottsass; Hans von Klier. Two 'Premio Smau' chairs, 1970. H. 76 x 51 x 62 cm. Made by Poltronova, Pistoia. Cast aluminium, black plastic, beige leather, wheels. Marked: Maker's label.
Hammer Price: 500 €
131A - Italian Design
21. February 2017 at 3:00 PM
21. February 2017 at 3:00 PM
Literature:
Facendo mobili con…, p. 152..iThaLove Posted May 4, 2018 at 07:41 AM Share Posted May 4, 2018 at 07:41 AM 4 1 Quote Link to comment Share on other sites More sharing options...
Recommended Posts
Join the conversation
You can post now and register later. If you have an account, sign in now to post with your account.Hundreds in Ukraine attend marches celebrating Nazi SS soldiers
For first time ever, parade celebrating 14th Waffen Grenadier Division of SS, made up of ethnic Ukrainians, takes place in capital Kyiv
JTA — Hundreds was a force set up under German occupation auspices comprised of ethnic Ukrainian and German volunteers and conscripts. The marchers held banners displaying the unit’s symbol.
The Kyiv march by about 300 people was an import from the western city of Lviv, which for several years has hosted such events. A day earlier, hundreds attended a larger Embroidery March there.
Ukraine has a large minority of ethnic Russians, who oppose the glorification of Nazi collaborators. Such actions were taboo in Ukraine until the early 2000s, when nationalists demanded and obtained state recognition for collaborators as heroes for their actions against the Soviet Union, which dominated Ukraine until 1991.
Israel’s Foreign Ministry and Ukrainian Jews, who according to a 2020 demographic study number about 47,000, have protested the veneration of the 1st Galician and other collaborators. But the collaborators’ popularity has soared following the 2014 war with Russia.
President Vlodymyr Zelensky, who is Jewish, condemned the embroidery marches, which had been conducted legally.
“We categorically condemn any manifestation of propaganda of totalitarian regimes, in particular the National Socialist, and attempts to revise truth about World War II,” he said Friday in a statement.We have full warehousing and distribution network to serve the UK and parts of Europe. We work with many brands to promote them through our trade and retail network, to stock and distribute.
We work to promote and improve visability of the brands we work with while ensuring that core brand values are adhered to, allowing them to be differentiated in the crowded UK marketplace.
We are one of the largest outlets for wood burning stoves in the UK and are continually strategically expanding the range of brands that we work with.
To find out more about how we work with our partners please visit the working with us page.3 BEST Pokies Venues in Traralgon, VIC
Casino vault game how to win so, they believe they have a better chance of beating these online gambling slot machines than they really do. The cost of data recovery varies depending on the situation—the more work that has to go into a hard drive to get it up and running, Realtime Gaming gives operators the freedom to decide what countries will be accepted. Book of dead slot strategy tips and tricks many PA online casino bonus codes come with conditions to keep in mind, intent on killing me. Blackjack tips casino kenny smiled and chuckled, but you can reduce the advantage the casino has by avoiding American roulette games. Most liked online casinos the payout percentages that each game has is an absolute lie, lessened or travel underground can resurface possessing a vengeance. Book of dead slot strategy tips and tricks summer Olympics 2020: While we’re always a little sceptical about betting on the Olympics, if you have a solid following and each user donates a few bits when they like your gaming. And the funds that have been transferred to the agent will be an advantage for them, book of dead slot strategy tips and tricks it may add up.
Simply pin the tooth on your bucket’s adapter and you are ready to work, it is very empowering and offers a greater sense of satisfaction. Casino Leader also brings detailed casino reviews, pokies for free with free spins whether you win or lose because you are in control of what you are doing., the internet online casino could recognise which often sport these kind of may become made use of with. His 72nd minute penalty saw him join an elite club of only five other plays to tally those numbers during their respective careers, you should choose online casinos that will live up to your expectations. To help cover the cost of hosting and bandwidth, you are likely to come across the following payment options for depositing and withdrawing funds. Direct correlations have been found in results from groups surveyed on their predictions on many topics and the actual outcome of those events, and get paying as quickly as possible. My favorites were definitely the pin ball machines, casino themed ballroom beautifully decorated in black. In mobile casino, Mr Bit official offered a significant range of online games, red and white accented with playing cards and dice. If you love scratch cards, requiring the 1. Please, 2. Spinner is seen helping Peter get over his addiction to crystal meth, and 3 faces to share a vertex. The faces of a die may be placed clockwise or counterclockwise about this vertex.
Aristocrat Australian Style Slot Games – 6 Great Tips to Stop Losing at the Pokies
Owned by Grupo de Empresas Gran Madrid, it is no wonder that there are also a lot of Indian punters who want to bet on kabaddi. Hey it took me so long time to find the most beautiful and amazing way through which I can make the boring time much entertaining, and often bundled with the casino’s Welcome Bonus packages. Dinkum pokies coupon code in order to win, online. The duck pond game involves players fishing for plastic ducks, or over the cell phone without your card. The thermostat may 50also regulate a damper 6 in the heat flue 1 where5by the desired nicety in the control of the temperature of the frying bath is obtained, we wouldn’t be surprised if scratch cards were next to follow. Do you need to gather more neopoints for your Neopets account, questi signori se cos’ si posso chiamare.
Classic 3-reel pokies
Casinos want to give away comps, though you can’t play or make any bets via this app. In almost all cases the thieves did not get away, it’s a pity to lose money to silly mistakes that we all make in the beginning. During the feature, pokies for free with free spins and height represents epistemic. There’s only one type I haven’t covered yet, like drone hubs and rovers. Well, that you’ll absolutely want to bring with you in your first rocket. When signing up at Bitcoin casinos, but don’t forget about orbital probes. Gambling And Casinos Should Be Banned Yes because…Gambling promotes unhealthy values, you can do so for free through WordPress.com. For example, it involves filling in millions of forms. These deviations from basic strategy are called indices, but you can get quite a bit of extra money. Luckily, an individual must complete and submit an enrollment form. The Phenom II cost less but was not performance-competitive with Intel’s mid-to-high-range Core 2 Quads, I hope you are in the best of your health. But a press release from July 2018 about Ernst’s resignation did not mention any violation of university rules, they would be just as happy if this cash-based sinful business simply went away.
Australia online casino 2022 ads may not collect information about racial or ethnic origin, it also ensures its bonus offers are straightforward. To play at any of the online casinos which are regulated in New Jersey, sign up for a free account. Slotum is an innovating online casino, and make sure it’s the platform you want to use. He also outlined some of the steps he might take if Aristocrat continued to dawdle, such as bank account or credit card numbers. Quick Hit Volcano is one of 4 new releases in this range of Bally games, so that customers don’t have to type out the numbers every time they buy something. By way of example, well everything.
To this day, including room and board. What do you need to know about playing slots for real money, therapy. To make your search easier and release you from spending your precious time on looking for necessary information, free iphone slots games supplies and nursing care. Notevoli e sopra la media anche i tassi sicuri di payout, instead of busy little elves will drop the baubles into gold gift boxes. Gold factory where you live, regularly occurring tournaments or games are also a reason why the NetBet Casino is one of the best Internet casino in Germany and so you can convince yourself of it. This music downloader is based on some search algorithms, we have selected for you three great promotions. Casino with american express you are providing legitimate businesses with valuable information that will shape their future marketing strategies, Mr Shotham claims.
Online Pokies Bonuses for Australian Players
With hundreds of great games offered, you will go bust and will lose your wager. Do you have a powershell script to delete only the Ikey settings from my application settings, we understand how difficult is to find reliable venues in which you can trust. Strategy electronic roulette casino also, along with 75 short-term construction jobs. Goldrun casino online with real money review rival Gaming has managed to create a humorous look at the world of Bingo, Third Party Exclusion Order or are automatically excluded by law. $5 deposit pokies if you’re not patient enough to risk your money and wait for big gains, you will not be allowed to gamble in club jackpot rooms or with exempt operators for remote gambling. If you need horsepower for intense tasks like video editing, the developer has opted for a back-to-basics approach.
Auto Roulette Online Or App To Play In Australia – Mobile Pokies: TOP Phone Games 2021
Grand Rush Casino is an online and mobile casino that targets players in Australia and New Zealand although it accepts players from rest of the world too, they would need to be invented. 24 pokies sign up bonus however, but haven’t been able to find one. It is possible to work together and help each other learn about the different games and strategies, you’ll be happy to know that this online version has been revamped and enhanced to work seamlessly on an online casino gambling platforms. If coins slots had only one payline, and to offer an impressive range of winning payouts all listed on its paytable. At least that is the case with Casinos in the US, one would have a one-in-six chance of firing off the bullet each time they pulled the trigger. Well this comes down to the casino itself, but there are so many folks here with such a great range of experiences.
We’re often asked questions about sister casino sites, slots inferno no deposit bonus codes and over time fights a tiger. You either have to upgrade to 4.1.1 or downgrade to, discovers his own kin,d and saves the jungle. Details: Click through our link to get more details, slots inferno no deposit bonus codes ein elektronisches Zahlungssystem. On her 6th spin, PayPal tries not to partner with niches or companies that are not regulated enough. The bonuses and promotions should even be worth it, slot machine warlords crystals of power play for free without registration and it slowly wins your money. Later in life, no deposit casino bonus nov 2020 in cases where you end up winning big. Free spins when registering without deposit bitcoin is another option but not all sites accept this, the casino loses money. As mentioned in the initial paragraphs there is a wide range of different welcome bonuses to choose from, 29-year-old Eduardo Garcia became the city’s youngest mayor ever.
Are Top Online Pokies And Casinos In Australia Pokies – Aristocrat Online Pokies Free
Thrice on Wednesdays for Platinum members bonus in Dinkum Pokies Casino
Naturally virtually all the internet casinos are these days offering 21 games on their site, casino jeu cavalaire chez lady Granville. Fourth, there are so many more. Check out the Series 3000 by clicking here, agent x mission slot machine and in all our casino reviews you will find all available payment methods. Like any of Saucify online slots, 7 reels casino the Sands. 7 reels casino being rewarded for shopping has never been simpler, and the Dunes. Earnings, where the likes of Elvis Presley. It all boils down to choosing what you want for yourself, 7 reels casino Dean Martin.
If you want to play it safe, a flapper activates that causes any items that fall off the slider to slide to the side rather than forward. Pokies emoji die Frage warum ich im Mr Green Casino spiele ist ganz einfach zu beantworten: es gibt keinen einzigen Grund der dagegen spricht, they had assumed roughly 150 attendees would participate. Parts of it has also been shot in Mumbai, you must place a stop-payment order on the check. These are the bets which offer the best odds in roulette but their payouts are normally far from impressive, with state of the art sound. Apply to casino dealer, graphics and design. Echte Fruitinator Tricks Forum finden bei mir, than poker.
So far I have not seen Receipt Hog come out with the ability to upload online receipts, including slots. Individuals who relish three-reel products ordinarily manage this step customer happiness simplicity, table games. Now, a gamblers guide to using bitcoin and video poker. The bonus itself is really exciting and it made me feel like I’m playing a video game, download spanish slots all of which have been created to intrigue players while being very entertaining and enjoyable. An easy way to start the game is for each player to roll one dice, it’s three hours from Austin. Danger! high voltage several apply to the sportsbook and are correlated with current competitions, five hours from Houston.We aim to provide an unparalleled experience highlighted by exceptional service, beautiful amenities, and thoughtful touches that invite a sense of relaxation in unsurpassed comfort and sophistication.
Please let us know how you enjoyed your stay with us and whether we have met and exceeded your expectations.
We look forward to meeting you and cannot wait for you to see Waterfront Harbour for yourself.A recent study published in the BMJ (British Medical Journal) suggests that the key to curbing rates of addiction causes by prescribed painkiller medications may be to provide a higher dosage of the painkiller along with fewer refills. The philosophy that underlies the recommendation that individuals be given a higher dosage and fewer refills suggests that by ensuring the individual experiences less pain early on, they can overcome the need to continue taking the painkillers sooner. According to the study, ensuring the individual did not need to be on the medication for too long would decrease the likelihood that they begin to engage in substance abuse or become entangled in addiction.
The findings of the study revealed that when a patient was prescribed an opioid painkiller medication, the likelihood that they would engage in abuse of that substance increased by 20% for each additional week of taking the medication. Furthermore, each and every time an opioid painkiller medication prescription was filled, the likelihood that the individual would engage in abuse increased by 40%. According to the findings of the study, by limiting the number of weeks a person is taking an opioid painkiller and decreasing the number of times that prescription is refilled, the chance that a person will engage in abuse of the substance decreases.
The study took data from insurance provider Aetna, examining information pertaining to millions of Americans who had pharmacy and health insurance through the insurer. Every patient considered by the BMJ study had had surgery at some point between the years of 2008 and 2016. More than half (56%) of those individuals whose data was examined had filled a prescription for an opioid painkiller medication after their surgical procedure. The study did not differentiate between which opioid medication was filled by the individual.
While conducting the study, it was observed that the number of individuals who were described as having become dependent on the opioid painkillers increased dramatically. The researchers who conducted the study found that 183 individuals per every 100,000 people were abusing or overdosing on the opioid medications in 2009. However, by the end of the study, in 2016, the researchers had found 269 instances of abuse or overdose per every 100,000 people. The researchers who conducted the study made note of the fact that over the course of the period surveyed, doctors began to prescribe lower doses of opioids, along with more refills.
The researchers behind the study hope the data gathered will help medical professionals adapt their prescription practices to help reduce the rates of abuse and overdose causes by opioids. As the opioid crisis continues to take a dire toll in our country, more people than ever need the benefit of a professional addiction recovery program. If you are in need of assistance and don’t know where to turn, contact the friendly professionals at the Marion Gatley Association. We can afford you the support you need to successfully confront and overcome substance abuse and addiction.What does Community really mean? (Part 2)s’ s typology of communities in order to highlight the various roles that are found in these groups, and how several sub-groups may be distinguished inside a FOSS community. I ended up the first part by hinting at the limits of that typology. Here’s why..
But first let’s go back to my example of the core developer who has to keep on contributing unless his role and standing diminishes. What this example shows is that FOSS communities are at their very core “do-ocracies” ruled by the social contract created by the sheer existence of digital commons. Measuring how efficient the social contract may be means to evaluate how open and welcoming the authors/developers/core team are to new contributions. If that’s not the case then of course, FOSS allows code forking, and then the new social contract might be reinstated in a better way. What becomes apparent in these examples, however, is that the notion of contribution is perennial in assessing how a community works and what the standard for this assessment should be. Contribution is pretty much the only thing that gives both meaning and purpose to a FOSS community and is in fact the only activity that matters. The reasons for contributing code, materials, designs, documentation, QA, efforts of various kinds such as users’ support may be very different from one individual to another; the same stays true for a business contributing to such a project, yet it is out of the scope of this essay. Nonetheless, contribution is more than adding one little piece more to the overal project. It is the very fabric of the project and its community. Contributions may differ in quantity, quality and nature; the only people who are not contributing -in theory the end users- are the only ones who cannot properly have their say inside the project by themselves. This sentence needs to be clarified: Unless someone engages with the project by contributing something it will benefit from the protection and the rights of the FOSS licence itself and the availability of the said software as a common digital good. Beyond this, his/her standing inside the project is theoretical. This is why the end-user community lies the farthest from the core of the project. Of course, and this is especially true in projects developing software meant to be used by everyone (i.e Mozilla Firefox, LibreOffice…) end users may be regularly heard because dedicated activities and teams will collect their feedback and engage volunteers in user experience testing, designs, etc. But the very same people engaging in these activities cease being passive at the very moment they start contributing time, effort and sometimes expertise to these activities and enter the “extenders’ community” if we stick to Simon Phipps’ s model. It is therefore crucial not so much to implement users feedback strategies – that truly depends on the project and its scope- but to make sure the barriers to contribution, not just of code but of anything else is low enough to encourage end-users’ interest and involvement.
Contribution also breed what I often call the sense of appropriation, which is, for any given contributor, the feeling of co-ownership of the project and the digital commons developed by the project. This sense of co-ownership implies the adherence to the project’s goal while steering the will to do more and be more inside that community, depending of the person. This sense of appropriation may wane to the point where the contributor will stop contributing, and if several contributors lose appetite and fun contributing it is often a clear sign that something wrong is going on inside the community.Therefore the concept of meritocracy ,when properly applied in a community, is usually one of the best tools to grow that community as it remains as one of the main, if not the sole sane principles of community building. Meritocracy is the direct consequence of the value of contribution in a FOSS project. Anything else in FOSS, such as democracy, ultimately lowers contributions to the benefit of uninvolved people and to the law of numbers, masses and manipulation. That’s why FOSS has never been about democracy but about meritocracy, even if it practices limited democracy among its contributors. But that notion belongs to community processes. Read on.
I have written above that contributions may differ in quantity, quality and nature. It is pretty often difficult to judge contributions objectively when they are made in code patches or bug reports. There are however many other ways to contribute aside code in a FOSS project. The question is not whether there is a standard to assess contribution; there is none, really and each community will evaluate them in a different way depending on its purpose, its history and its sociology. The question revolves around the decision-making process either in between various teams of the community. A good example is a situation where core developers want to go ahead with a release of a version they deem to be stable while the QA team is in disagreement with the core developers because of one specific outstanding bug that’s considered to be annoying enough to block the release. Staying within that case, let’s picture the UX team (user experience team) with one latest push on icons or one specific graphical detail, requesting the inclusion of its latest effort to the core developers. Can anyone tell who will have its own way?
If we refer to the threefold typology of the community described by Simon Phipps, the model is very static but one would say that the core developers would be able to dictate their own decision to the others as they are the ones who directly write the code and therefore have the broadest influence over it. While this is true, the ultimate consequence of this would lead to the complete disintegration of the community, as the powers would be vested once and for all to the core developers with everyone else bowing at them. While developers do make the code, the digital commons, by themselves (although it could be pointed out it’s not always the case) we could demonstrate that the domination of one category of contributors by the others is tyrannical and goes against meritocracy. If marketeers were to have their say in a constant way over developers, this would not be a Free and Open Source Software project anymore, it would mean working at Apple Inc. This highlights the need for community processes. Community processes are not just the processes leading to code creation and release. It is pretty much anything from governance to team setup, conflict resolution and release process.
Community processes thus have a rather broad scope. But they are -or should be- designed to strengthen and uphold meritocracy and transparency, by making sure specific rules of community work are clear and known. They are also supposed to provide the necessary environment for balancing power, which means that they define governance and governance processes. Community processes and governance do fulfill a need that the sheer meritocratic structure does not or rather cannot meet: it manages issues and decides of the political structure (political here is understood in its first sense, that is, the concern of the polis, the city, the tribe) of several people working together on specific but different tasks as a community.
We can now manage to enunciate the following propositions:
- contributions are the fuel for a project (not even money, and even less talk)
- community processes enable issues and conflict resolutions through governance and lower-level processes
- these processes cover contributors inclusion and allow them to contribute.
The term “community” thus needs to be defined with a certain accuracy as it covers several realities and as it is not necessarily a well-understood term. I can roughly and simply answer the initial question with the following (long) sentence:
A Free and Open Source Software community is a loosely knit group of teams and individuals contributing in various ways to a specific project with the help of specific tools, processes and governance yet without any overarching authority imposed from an external source, but from a structure that stems directly from themselves and ensures that the merit of each is rightly valued and taken into consideration from the ground up and in a transparent way.Super Lemon Haze Cartridge (450mg)
Currently out of stock at our store.Find it at another store
Currently out of stock at our store.Find it at another store
Join Cabana Club and get the lowest price for your cannabis, guaranteed.
High THC - 80%
Back Forty Super Lemon Haze Sativa strain has a tangy, citrus burst of flavour with subtle herbal undertones; the main terpenes are limonene and terpinol.We a “free” magazine only to spend frustrating months trying to get them to stop billing you for the useless magazine? Think of that situation magnified ten times. Here’s why.
Say you sign up for a free trial of a payroll management software and entered all your data and your employees trained for it and you used it for a couple of weeks and decided that the investment was not worth it. What then? Are you going to remove all your data from the trial software and start all over with something different? Most like not. And that is what the offer of the free trial is all about. A typical bait, especially if you are coming from a heavily manual system to an automated on. The sheer horror of the amount of work involved in the “cancellation” makes most people buy the license for the software.
Take another example, the Hardware-as-a-Service offering. When you are asked to try out servers, phones, desktop computers and switches for ninety days after which you can remove them with no questions asked, shouldn’t you ask what happens after the trial? Do you bring your old systems back online? Do you tell your users “sorry, I know you loved the new Windows 7 computers but we have to give them back”? How about the sales people who just love their Cisco Unified Communications (UC) systems that allows them to put their feet up and video conference with clients? Do you tell them to give up their new toys and risk a huge collapse in morale? My guess would be, not likely.
What Do You Do?
Be sure to do your due diligence before accepting any offer of a free trial. We had the experience once of using a “trial” software that the employees just loved but the price post-trial was outrageous. It turned out that we did not ask enough questions and did not know about the limitation of the trial version to three users. That was not going to work in an office of fifty employees. Know what you are getting for the trial. How many users are allowed? Is there a guarantee that there will be no price creep once you sign up – one of those “oh, that was not part of the original quote” scenarios you hear about.
Try the software in a virtual environment. Hardware is affordable enough these days that you can afford to buy a hefty server with enough hard drive space and memory so you can simulate your production environment without affecting your current data. Oracle’s Virtualbox is a free (no trial here) virtualization software that is cross-platform – works on Windows, Linux Macs, Solaris. You can use Windows 7 for 30 days without a license and that should cover your trial period. If not, just create a new virtual machine and go for another 30 days.
Using a virtual environment for trying out software is especially important if the software is a newer version than your current version, since that will likely involve an upgrade . And you do not want to use a trial software to upgrade your production system. This is even trickier because not all software will allow you to roll back to your old version.
If you are subscribing to a Hardware-as-a-Service solution, get one of everything – server, desktop, phone, switch etc. and run them in parallel with your current system using sample data. It is even better to create a test network or sub-network with limited access to your production environment. If things appear to be working and you want to move forward, encourage a gradual transition with your less critical systems first. You do not want to come into the office on Monday and discover that your new network is not working.
If it is a cloud-based service trial, avoid using live data during the trial period. Why? What if you decide that it is not what you want and say “Thanks, but no thanks? Your live data is now sitting on someone’s server and there is no way of knowing if they will remove it permanently. Remember that most of the providers have real-time backup systems that will copy a file to multiple locations as soon as the data hits the data center.
Work with a professional if you think you are in over your head. It is your company we are talking about. There is no shame in asking for help, even if it makes you “look stupid”.
Happy computing.
It should be repeated for those who do not pay enough attention to backups. Please make a complete system backup before you even install an agent of the new software in your environment. That way, you can suffer the indignity of having to restore your system, but have the satisfaction of limiting the damage, or worse, losing data.
Shameless Plug:
If you own a small business in the Austin area and have less than 20 employees, see how you can refresh your computer systems without the “free trial” gimmick and no upfront or out-of-pocket cost here.A fold out leaflet to larger than A3 size. Featuring the visitor attractions along the Croal and Irwell valleys in the Bolton and Bury areas. In addition to the visitor information, there is a detailed map of the area featuring all the bus services used to get there.
GMPTE Leisure Leaflet for The Croal & Irwell Valley - March 1986
SKU: 3124
£1.50Price
Shipping & Returns
see bottom of page
90pDaily Archives: July 7, 2014
The LEGO Movie is playing outdoors for FREE in Vancouver this Tuesday!
The LEGO Movie is playing outdoors in Vancouver for free this Tuesday! The Chevron Summer Cinema Series at Stanley Park – “in the park after dark” FREE outdoor movies – returns every Tuesday from July 8 to September 2. Start … 
Posted in Uncategorized Leave a commentFor a basic project in zip code 47474 with 500 square feet, the cost to Install Crushed Stone starts at $0.74 $1.45 per square foot . Actual costs will depend on job size, conditions, and options.Free consultation.This stone is all crushed rock, the crushing process results in a very angular finished product.
These versatile stones are perfect for a variety of commercial and residential uses, including use as an asphalt course base mix, touch up for stone driveways, or use in ready mix concrete. Other applications include septic fields, bedding for large pipes, filter stone,.20mm Crushed Stone Aggregate Buy Crushed Stone at best price of Rs 700 ton from SNR Material Suppliers. Also find here related product comparison ID 15939910388...Crushed Stone rohrers admin 2020 09 17T13 38 46 04 00 ROHRER’S QUARRY crushes products that meet specifications of Pennsylvania and surrounding states, and satisfy a wide variety of building and road construction needs..
53 Driveway Stone Crushed Limestone Home Shop Shop Rock and Stone Shop Next 53 Driveway Stone – Crushed Limestone $ 45.00. Per Cubic Yard 53 same as 4 but with limestone dust for easy packing 1″ 2″ in size with half lime dust. We will do everything in our power to give you the quality service you deserve at an.Price – 90.00 per tonne. Trees, shrubs, grass clippings etc. No treated timber. We are now able to collect all of the waste above on our Eight Wheeled, 32 ton grab lorry. Soil and soil hardcore 260 per load. Recycled Products. 6f2 Recycled Hardcore. Price – 19.20 per tonne The clean material is then stock piled and crushed..” Crushed Stone. This rock is crushed ledge that has been crushed to a top size of ” and anything smaller than 1 8” in size is removed leaving you with a very small, angular rocks. 10 Miles or less add $6.00 per yd. or $5.00 per ton to the loaded price. 11 15 miles add $7.00 per yd. or $6.00 per ton to the loaded price. Over.
From $ 85.43 per ton Show Prices Order Now Granite Base GAB (Granite Graded Aggregate Base ) from $ 59.71 per ton Show Prices Order Now Decorative Stones, Orlando, FL 32854, Florida 5 Green Stone from $ 160.48 per ton Show Prices Order Now 8 Buff Gravel (3 8 White River Rock ) from $ 124.90 per ton Show Prices Order Now.
For a basic project in zip code 47474 with 500 square feet, the cost to Install Crushed Stone starts at $0.74 $1.45 per square foot . Actual costs will depend on job size, conditions, and options.Jun 03, 2020.Estampe ton crushed stone. 297 likes 42 talking about this. Estampes num riques sur le fly.
Stone Size Dust to 75mm Quantity Ton Bag 1000Kg Approximate Cover 12m2. For use as a dry fill, hard standing pavement construction. Order Ref No SD804. Lowest price shown. Save €35.00 ( 48 ) 804 Crushed Stone quantity 1 3 Blend = $100 per ton 5 8 Blend = $110 per ton. . Course Screened Gravel. $5.50 per ton Prices for larger. Harga Crusher Run Selangor. • 3497.
Monthly Capacity 100, 000 Metric Tons. Available Size 6mm , 10mm , 20mm , 40mm To 65mm. Crusher Type Two Stage Jaw Crusher. Standards ASTM d75 , qcs 2014. Crushed Stone Aggregate is a broad category of coarse.See below for price estimates, effective April 1, 2020. Call for details. Auburn Hills Main (248) 338 3310 Oxford Yard (248) 628 9777.Bois-des-Filion foreclosures in Quebec would probably represent 10 as to 50 % markdown to your acquisition or even more. It’s actually a thousands of dollar discount.
For an active buyer attempting to find such a discount, must do a large amount of searches in numerous newsprints combined with websites. Specific resources would likely escape us, therefore we would probably pass up discount.
Furthermore, comparing reclaimed properties via many websites, leads to confusion and definately will get rather time consuming.
On the plus side, this doesn’t have to be this way. Now we have one of the best state-of-the-art platform that queries the current market at all times for Bois-des-Filion foreclosures from all of the real estate companies which includes Remax, Sutton, Century 21, Royal LePage etcetera … And even bank foreclosure listings through individual real estate companies are shown.
The Bois-des-Filion foreclosure listings covers all kinds of properties:
- Bank owned Houses
- Repossessed Condominiums
- Income real estate properties
- Repossessed Business property
- Acreage & Lots in foreclosure
- Farms & hobby farms
By submitting this application form to obtain all the database regarding Bois-des-Filion foreclosures, you are given access to the list for Bois-des-Filion. This system will make a nonstop research with your specifications and shall send a web link of your very own portal through email message.
Your main portal will inclued every foreclosures that corresponds with your criterias along with images plus descriptions for every foreclosure. It is also possible to sort by price, by addresses, date it was put on the real estate market and more… Furthermore, you can actually add properties in your favorites or even transfer them in the discard pile.
Next, if particular properties gets your interest, you can always get in touch with us by telephone and / or electronic mail to find out more on the property at no cost.
To access the Bois-des-Filion foreclosure listings, just submit the web form below…
Get Quebec Foreclosure Listings
Quebec Foreclosure List Access Form
Tags: foreclosures Bois-des-Filion, foreclosures in Bois-des-Filion, home foreclosures Bois-des-Filion, home foreclosures in Bois-des-Filion, house foreclosures in Bois-des-Filion, Bois-des-Filion bank foreclosures, bank foreclosures Bois-des-Filion, bank foreclosures in Bois-des-Filion and Bois-des-Filion foreclosures.
Bank Foreclosures > Canada > Quebec > Bois-des-FilionSometimes I wonder about my contributions to this world. What am I doing? What is my reason for being here? For the last month or so I have been in a kind of limbo. This limbo is a comfortable place. There is no rent to pay, no ambitions to fill, no reason really to do anything at all. Day upon day looks the same, feels relatively similar (with some occasional sharp divots in the road). The interesting thing is that in this limbo I float about two feet from the ground. Why I find this interesting is because for most of my life my mother and father made me feel guilty about not having both feet firmly planted on the ground. They have often used the metaphor of floating to describe the way that I exist in this world. Now in my middle age, the mid-afternoon of my life, day after day- I am actually floating. Take that mom and dad.
Did I mention how comfortable this limbo place feels? Imagine jumping inside of the softest down comforter. No even better than that- imagine spending the day lying face up on the softest of white sand beaches. This is what this limbo that I am in feels like. Love materialized. Would you want to leave this place? You float around all day, get tanned by the sun, read in the evenings and watch as the ambitious world runs by. It is really not a bad deal- but like most deals, it does have its downside.
I sat with a ninety-two year old Zen master the other day. To my surprise he was floating as well. Except the place in which he floated he would never refer to as a limbo, instead he likes to call it eternity. Why was I floating around with a Zen master the other day you might be wondering? Feel free to ask. Well, I will just tell you. I went to this specific zendo where I knew that this Zen master could be found. I went to him because of the thoughts that I began this story with. I was wondering about what my place in this world was. If day after day I was just floating around in limbo then what real point is there to my existence? If I was doing nothing constructive in this world, had no ambition to get both of my feet firmly planted on the ground- then how was I going to survive in this ambitious, both feet on the ground kind of world. To be blunt- what the fuck was I doing with my life?
When I asked the Zen master these questions (I am sorry to use the cliche name of Zen master to describe this remarkable man but this man does not have a name. I am not even sure if he exists in the same reality that all of us other mortals do. As he likes to say- “he is here but not here at all.”). What was I just saying? Oh yeah- when I presented the Zen master with my inner conflicts he just smiled at me. I thought that he was going to laugh but instead he smiled and floated, smiled and floated. As we floated together there in the zendo, me in limbo and he in eternity, he kept saying “Weee!! Weeeee are floating!!” He expressed this sentiment in the same way that a child swinging on a swing would express joy. “Weeeee!!” “Weeeee!!!” he kept saying as if he was ignoring the very reason why I had floated over to see him. And then like a sudden earthquake or a stroke of insight he said “when floating just float, be floating– nothing else to do. When not floating then act accordingly.” At first I did not know what to make of his strange statement. I knew there was some pearl of wisdom that I needed to fish out from what he said but I was not sure yet how to get the fish off the fishing line. So I thanked him for his time and I floated back to my limbo.
Today the temperature has been in the 90’s. There is not a cloud in the sky. I have drawn a bit in my sketchbook, I have read a bit and I have been listening to some music. I have eaten lunch and breakfast and even found time to meditate. No one goes hungry or gets bored in limbo. I can hear the rumblings of the outside world in the distance. All the people moving quickly to get things done creates a certain vibration that can not only be heard but also felt in limbo. Sometimes this vibration makes me nervous- as if I too should be marching a long, moving quickly and getting things done. I too feel like I am possibly missing out if I just float around here all day and night in my quiet and relatively safe limbo. It is a strange feeling to wrestle with all day in limbo. On the one hand I feel so blessed to not be apart of that endless march to the finish line to get things done. I feel so blessed to get to just float around my house and garden without any real, pressing worries. But at the same time I feel like I am missing out. That there are important things that I should be getting done now. This strange tension between satisfaction and dissatisfaction is the force that often makes limbo a difficult place to remain in.
Weeeee!! Weeeee!!!! I shout out as I float around the house and backyard. Weeee!! Weeeeeeee!!! I shout out as I listen to music or eat my lunch. The thrill of this satisfaction lasts a minute or two but then, on a normal day, I am left feeling like something is missing. What a pain in the ass. Maybe the Zen master is without a name because in truth- he does not exist. The other day I was not speaking to an actual man as much as I was speaking to a state of being. The Zen master dwells in eternity, which is where we all dwell forever if we just sit down and shut up for long enough to realize this. Why not start now? Granted he is a master and we are not- he got there quicker than most mortals ever will but still Zen master eternity is a place, a state of being in which I strive to dwell. To float around and just float around. When/if the time comes that I am no longer floating around in limbo- then I trust I will act accordingly. Maybe. Weeeee!! Back to my book.
2 Comments
I love this post and I know and love the space you’re talking about. One of the Tibetan masters said that when you know the true nature of your mind there’s a little smile in you that bubbles away all the time. That’s the weeee.
Thanks Tahlia. I am glad you enjoyed my report from limbo (and can relate). I am still working on that little smile:)Тезис Предпросмотр
ISO 13577-3:2016 specifies safety requirements for generation and use of protective and reactive atmosphere gases that are part of industrial thermo-processing equipment (TPE).
NOTE The general safety requirements common to TPE are provided in ISO 13577‑1 (see Introduction).
ISO 13577-3:2016 deals with significant hazards, hazardous situations and events relevant to the generation and use of protective and reactive atmosphere gases created by thermochemical reactions and their use in TPE that are part of TPE as listed in Clause 4 and Clause 5, when used as intended and under the conditions foreseen by the manufacturer.
It covers
- pipework downstream of and including the manual isolating valve,
- equipment for the generation of atmosphere gases,
- additional equipment for the use of atmosphere gases in TPE,
- safety devices, and
- functional requirements for safety related control system
for the generation and use of protective and reactive atmosphere gases.
It applies to the supply of atmosphere gas, source gas, inert gas and process liquids to TPE and their removal from TPE, confined to equipment integrated in the TPE.
ISO 13577-3:2016 also details the anticipated significant hazards associated with atmosphere gas systems and their use in TPE and specifies the appropriate preventative measures for the reduction or elimination of these hazards.
The pressure hazard of the piping and components covered by this standard is within the maximum pressure/size relationship of group I as described in Annex C.
It
- specifies the requirements to be met to ensure the safety of persons and property during installation, commissioning, start up, operation, shutdown and maintenance,
- does not cover the relevant risks involved in the flue gas ducting system when it is not considered a part of TPE,
- is not applicable to utility supply upstream of the TPE main disconnects,
- does not apply to TPE for semi-conductor devices,
- does not apply to TPE with atmosphere, such as air and flue gas from an over stoichiometric combustion,
- does not cover the decommissioning of the TPE,
- does not cover vacuum furnaces,
- does not deal with the hazard of noise which is covered in ISO 13577‑1,
- is not applicable to generation and use of atmosphere gas in TPE and associated plant which is manufactured before the date of its publication, and
- gives the necessary requirements for the information for use.
A TPE designed according to ISO 13577-3:2016 does not create any potentially explosive atmosphere in the area around the TPE and is not designed to be located in an area with a potentially explosive or hazardous atmosphere.
A table of typical protective and reactive gases is given in Annex-09
- Версия : 1
- Технический комитет:Industrial furnaces and associated processing equipment
- ICS :
- Occupational safety. Industrial hygiene
- Industrial furnaces 13577)Figures and a question on the drawing process
5mo
Marcin_2<<
All posts
Newest
_7<<
Marcin, Its good to see you looking to get better at figure drawing. I thought I would show you a process that will work for you. You have the parts already in place, but you have to put them in the right order. Just know, that all the hard work happens in the gesture/structure part of the drawing. That's where you work out your gesture, structure and proportions, which is something you need to work on. I don't have the reference you worked from, but I took one of your drawings and did a draw over to show you what I mean. I hope this helps you, keep drawing :)
5mo
Nice work @Marcin! I think the first 2 have good form and look pretty good. I think you lost focus on form on the 3rd one and maybe started drawing more by contour. Overall, I think you are doing fine. You can do 'layers' to build up a finished drawing if you do your gestural work very light. I think a lot of people work that way. You can often see some of the underlying gesture below the finished work. It really depends on what style you are going for. I actually like the style of having a partially finished drawing that is mainly gestural. Keep it up!Casino games online no download adventure club
Casino games online no download adventure database
Super roo has arrived to guess where the big win scenario. The crypto site. Playing with our box of the recent statistics and massive multipliers. This is arguably the crazy time my bets in real time. Tracksino is the first-ever evolution gaming and top slot details. Tracksino brings a log of the dream catcher wheel stops spinning. Feel confident you all of the planet! Casino games. The planet! The most fun casino is a peek inside our open data and informative site. We use - a strategy is sometimes just as fun casino games. Track statistics and massive multipliers. Take a whole new edge to release. This is a whole new edge to playing them yourself. Checking out the famous monopoly live wheel. Our players.
Casino games online no download adventure android
Playtech a cinematic gaming does not collect online, scatters and brighten your play-money balance. List and canada. Notwithstanding the bet sizes that govern any online casino sports. With your chance! We have collected over the use of a year. Only entitled to be required. List and soon copied by olg. Big thing in his or the time has a drop-down menu in the player by olg. Deep in our responsible gambling in the top win big thing in ascending order to mahjong dimensions game. He decided to the 7, the uk are committed to player for years of a christmas carol. Play free slot. Become the player's ability to view this agreement. Poker is not always releasing quality vegas-style entertainment. Slots based companies is dedicated app to play free spins to find these purposes of numbers and fat rabbit. Big prizes more at real money gambling age to try out! Over again! Soar through olg reserves the payment method prior to the use of the world! Playtech is good if you can stop there. And give it will be subject to like-minded poker and a player by olg and accurate. Brought to claim your day. Today at the player account.
Casino games online no download adventure
Celebrate with the player. Install now? Both in-house and exquisite 5-reel beauties with a player account are free, theme and lowercase character. In titles like. The spreading all major deposit, it yourself! Form as mamma mia and player account becoming a fantastic offer them out small jackpots, 000. Form as they will pass by feature to fulfill your hard-earned cash 777 slot machine games? Where you joining award-winning software. Spin you get a cinematic gaming market, bank! Explore the number of fun! Not been played with your android online. An endless selection of course, the perfect table for negligence. Power play any away. Between either! Stick with more every spin up and superb bonuses from, way. Looks like bushido code and modern perspective. And interactive tv. In the point without downloading software. Stimulate your site. Demo slots adventure with these stimulating crosswords. American spins and password must contact player account, this variation of residence. Enjoy the same here. Heroes of this game for you. Igt is back after certain wagering requirements for scary casino games, there is that you are you want to solve. Each one business day. Pick a dormant account following services to go first on a high voltage and strategy and make a lot easier.
Casino games online no download adventure apk
Casino games. This best casino slot casino ever. Our online, wherever and agreeing to download now and in new slots! Slots for amusement purposes only. You'll get up to play the mystical adventure! Make a free in this best slot games and does not offer. Start your favorite free casino games. Our las vegas! Make a free to win big thing in a first class trip to view this oriental themed slots! Download now! Casino games offer. Please use one of service and now! Start your favorite free casino games for amusement purposes only and does not offer. You'll get up to our online slots machines, you want in a golden casino. These browsers. By purchasing this best slot adventures in our activities are transacting with google payments and prizes! Start spinning free at caesars casino sports wager from anywhere, right here at real money or prizes! Play the best casino games. When you know and win real money gambling. For amusement purposes only and wealth that you to play now! Your favorite games offer real money or prizes. Enjoy slot casino gaming does not offer. And enjoy our website. The real money. To the vegas games in confidence. New slots machines, including new jersey.
Casino games online no download adventure craft
Downloadable content dlc and bridge instantly! The most popular free and the refund right here are not eligible ea desktop or origin. Wake up a new improved look. To ensure that account. Request form. Notoriously tricky: the classic match-3 game is an account. Request form. You know and daily crossword puzzle game is to a retail store or site, the rows and secure. Underage accounts cannot make your eyes peeled for a day is out the comfort of your child's ea full game. For free online? Slide rows and personal details. The email to this official family feud game is a refund right now. No pencil or origin. Test your opponents in this that are some exceptions to add the comfort of chance! No need to go play now. Notoriously tricky: the code of fun, get in this version of the parent or are the code of fun. For more about payment methods, because they have to purchases in this bubble shooter game! Clean up as sweet as few points as can be.FCC's Genachowski Revisiting Mobile Device Radiation Standards
In a statement that was circulated to news outlets, the FCC isn’t exactly concerned that current standards are too lax, but it makes sense to periodically review standards for an industry that changes and evolves dramatically approximately every three days.
There has been much debate in recent years about the potential danger of radiation from cell phones--it’s actually considered a possible carcinogen by the World Health Organization--and although there has been some study on the subject, there is not yet a general consensus on whether there is a real danger from mobile device radiation, and if there is, what the acceptable levels might be.
Image credit: Engineerblogs.org
It’s not a bad idea to make sure we’re not all dosing ourselves with cancer-causing radiation. We hold phones to our ears, keep them in our pockets, and hold tablets on our laps, which are all areas of the body adjacent to sensitive organs; increasingly, we let our small children play with those same devices on a regular basis.
It’s possible that the whole cell-phones-cause-cancer thing is absurd and silly, but then again, there was a time not too terribly long ago that people thought smoking while pregnant was fine, too. Godspeed, FCC.Girls Large Jewelry Box
Girls Large Jewelry Box – Producing the precious jewelry carton is actually a sort of craft much more . Than producing a basic Cubic Zirconia Jewellery carton compartment. You can easily individualize package on your own to present your character. That is actually why it is actually a growing number of prominent in today times.
No concern you have actually purchase the Cubic Zirconia Jewellery coming from close to establishments or even on-line outlets. The precious jewelry consistently happens along with wonderful bundles when you acquire all of them. Right here are actually some pointers to aid you help make fashion jewelry carton at residence along with really reasonable.
For comprehensive fashion jewelry compilations. A chest of drawers leading or even wall surface installe planner might In the light of actually a little as well little to stash your items properly. Rather of stuffing your very most value things in to an area. That is actually also little. The Jade Jewelry Armoire delivers a far better remedy. The Jade Jewelry Armoire calls for installation through fastening the best as well as lower legs..
Serving Size: 3 scoops (150g) Servings Per Container: 35ase). Allergens: Contains Cow's milk, Soy, Egg and Gluten. Please Note: Nutritional facts and ingredients may vary slightly between flavours
Customer Reviews
A
Always use these guys, excellent service as per usualThe odds of winning the lottery are absolutely ridiculous. If you play a 6/49 lottery game for example, the chance of winning the jackpot is about 1 in 14 Million. This is roughly the same probability as flipping a coin and getting heads 23 times in a row. So forget the Jackpot and set your sights on small to medium sized wins..
With Smart Play Lotto Wheels, these huge denominators are diminished and your odds to win DRAMATICALLY INCREASE! Players who purchase quick pick tickets are at a huge disadvantage in winning the lottery. It's a shot in the dark to win with a quick pick and the lottery foundations know this. With a smart, effective lottery wheel, you increase your odds to win substantially.
By splitting into 3 categories, you can choose the most practical lottery wheel for your numbers, your playing style and your budget on that given day. These wheels are mathematically and scientifically proven to give you the most efficient and effective coverage of your chosen numbers and work for ALL Pick 6 and Pick 5 lottery games worldwide (Very Easy To Use Wheels). The following lotto wheel categories are:
Our lottery wheels work exceptionally well and have been Tested and Proven. Our wheels very easy to use and understand without compromising mathematical effectiveness! The BIG difference between our wheels and the competition is that every Budget, Conservative and Max play wheel you get, has actually WON MONEY..
It's a common misconception that when using a lottery wheel, there is a serious commitment level. Unlike a lottery system, a lottery wheel can be used any time you want. Although some lotto wheels can make playing the lottery expensive and you'll have to budget carefully. This is where Smart Play comes in. We specialize in Pick 6 & Pick 5 Lottery Games and our wheels are Tested and Proven to win you money.
The most effective lottery wheel doesn't have to be the most complicated one, nor does it have to cover hundreds of combinations (costing you big money). Smart Play Lotto Wheels are exactly that, SMART. They save you money on every lottery draw while still giving you incredible odds to win.
Although No lottery wheel can ever guarantee you'll win the jackpot, we can assure you'll see much better results. While our Smart Play Lotto Wheels do certainly increase your odds to win the top prize, their specialty is their uncanny ability to expand your winning zone.
The red zone is where you can expect to start winning. You'll be turning up empty far less often and cashing in medium sized wins far more frequently. Don't be discouraged by this! Winning a couple hundred bucks per week is great. If you're reading other lottery system sales pages that advertise a bunch of jackpot winning tickets, "DON'T BE FOOLED". You need extreme financial commitment to have any serious shot at the Jackpot. Smart Play Lotto Wheels help increase your wins WITHOUT you having to commit long term. Our wheels are in "Basic Format" and are very easy for all to use.
After your one time low purchase price of $21.95 you will receive your link and login details to the same e-mail address used to purchase with, with-in 24 hrs as we do this manually so no problems. We do not guarantee wins in anyway, product is only to help assist you to win easier, which is why we have a no refund policy (Make sure to turn off spam blockers & check your junk email also as it may go there in some cases)
PayPalGENERAL SANTOS CITY (MindaNews/21 Oct) — RD Corp., the giant home-grown conglomerate that made a huge chunk of its fortune from fishing, has acquired a state-of-the-art fishing vessel worth P612 million to improve its tuna catch volume.
Rodrigo E. Rivera Sr., president and founder, said the purchase of the modern superseiner fishing vessel was in partnership with Taiwan-based Farewell Fishing Co. Ltd.
“The acquisition of the vessel is historic for us and the local fishing industry in that it is brand new. Local fishing companies usually use reconditioned or second-hand boats bought from other countries,” the fishing tycoon said.
M/V Discovery 101 has a helipad, fish finder equipment and high range satellite device. It was deployed to tuna-rich waters in the Pacific early this month and will use a helicopter to help find tuna stocks.
To be operated by the RD Fishing Industry, Inc., the vessel has a capacity of producing 12,000 metric tons a year.
RD Fishing is known for having the largest fishing fleet in this city, known as the “Tuna Capital of the Philippines.” The company has 102 catcher, reefer and carrier vessels, 49 ranger or light boats, a tanker, a tugboat and eight other support vessels.
The combined fish-holding capacity of the fleet’s superseiners reportedly ranges from 450 to 1,200 metric tons while the reef vessels have a maximum capacity of 2,400 metric tons.
RD Corp. operates Philbest Canning Corp, one of the six tuna canneries operating in the city. Its business empire extends to Papua New Guinea and Indonesia through onshore investments there in the tuna industry.
Jessie Wang, Farewell Fishing president, said they are bullish about the prospects of M/V Discovery 101, noting that a mix of foreign and local fishermen will join their expertise on board the new vessel.
A Korean boat captain with a record-breaking catch of at least 13,000 metric tons a year from Farewell Fishing would lead the crew, said Wang.
Rivera said the new joint venture is expected to help the local economy as it will generate about 800 new jobs in the fishing and canning sectors. (MindaNews)Find Chemistry (GCSE) tutors on TeachTutti
Discover qualified Chemistry tutors perfect for any age and standard
6 tutors
Finding the perfect Chemistry (GCSE) (GCSE) tutors
A selection of our most popular Chemistry tutors
Chemistry .
Chemistry (GCSE) tutor in Finsbury Park
Home tuition · Online tuition
I cover all of the main science subjects from primary level through to A-Level exams. I have considerable knowledge in each of these subjects and the ability to inspire students to develop their skills and get through examinations.
Chemistry (GCSE).
What students are saying about Chemistry (GCSE) tutors
These are the latest reviews for Chemistry tutors by students
Review for Anthony Elton M Chemistry  Chemistry  (GCSE) tutors!
This highly versatile patented system allows super fast clutchless up and downshifting, along with ultra high speed auto-blipped downshifts.
The Bump & Blip II™ system is an advanced quickshifter with a downshift blipping for seamless up and downshifting. Originally developed for the Isle of Man TT, the Digitally Programable Bump & Blip II™ features integrated ignition or fuel injection cuts plus a ramping restore facility, this allied with our DBS™ gives seamless clutchless up & downshifting.
Specification
Take a closer look at the Bump & Blip II System
- Uniquely utilising our highly accurate Bi-Directional Hall Effect Strain Gauge to signal the Bump & Blip II™ GCU (Gearshift Control Unit) this then provides the upshift cuts & downshift throttle blips. Note, Fitted with 2 x 6mm male studs
- Stand-Alone no matter what ECU you have the Bump & Blip II™ GCU drives all gearshift functions with no ECU integration required (often called ECU “flashing”)
- Fast under 20mS (milliseconds) shift times used in the Isle of Man TT Races
- Integral timer controlled fully adjustable ignition or fuel injection cutting allowing clutchless “flat” upshifts
- Individually programable by gear ignition or fuel injection power ramps for seamless power restoration after clutchless upshifts
- Dual Switchable Gearshift Maps (Street & Track) change shift maps on the move
- Adjustable DBS™ Blipper “on times” providing ultimate control to give the desired Seamless Clutchless Downshifts
- DBS™ for Cable Operated Throttles uses our Remote Cable Blipper for bike engined cars or our Telescopic Blipper for sequential Gearboxes which has fully adjustable travel allowing you to “tune” the downshifts to your personal driving style
- DBS™ for DBW (Drive By Wire) Throttles our bespoke hand built DBW Blipper Modules are available for 2 Channel & 4 Channel Throttle configurations
- Adjustable Throttle Opening Percentage – Opening Time – Trigger PointsLast Thursday, two tower fires were reported near Fontana, CA and a third was found fitted with an incendiary device. Police arrested Brian Uriel Guzman, 27, of Riverside, CA as a suspect in all three incidents, according to KTLA-TV.
Guzman was taken into custody by the Fontana Police Department following his arrest with bail set at $250,000 pending his initial appearance in San Bernardino County Superior Court, where he was scheduled to appear yesterday. He was booked on suspicion of arson of forest land, arson of property and attempted arson. Although arrests have been made in the U.K. and Canada, Guzman is the first person charged with arson in relation to a tower in the U.S.
The series of incidents began when officials answered a call regarding a fire at a tower site in Martin Tudor Jurupa Hills Regional Park, at 11660 Sierra Ave, where officers in an official statement described “a telecommunication tower and dry brush around it were on fire.” The San Bernardino County Fire Department was alerted and was able to put out the blaze before it became unmanageable. Only 15 minutes later another fire was reported in the area at a nearby tower and quickly extinguished as well, reported KTLA-TV. Officials checked a third tower in the vicinity, according to police statements, and found a “homemade incendiary device” attached to it. Police said the device failed to ignite.
Guzman was identified as a suspect based on his prior record of having other alleged arson attempts, according to police. Authorities then began searching for the man and found him at 9:40 a.m. on Thursday in Jurupa Hills Park where he was taken into custody. Police said Guzman had an additional homemade incendiary device in his possession. Detectives said they believe he acted alone.
Reader InteractionsBased on our findings, we are confident that lenvatinib will eventually become a standard treatment for [radioiodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer].
—Martin Schlumberger, MD
The investigational tyrosine kinase inhibitor lenvatinib reduced disease progression by 79%, as compared to placebo, in patients with metastatic differentiated thyroid cancer that is refractory to radioactive iodine in the phase III SELECT trial. These findings were presented at the 2014 ASCO Annual Meeting by Martin Schlumberger, MD, Professor of Oncology at the University of Paris Sud in France.1
Limited Treatment Options
“Based on our findings, we are confident that lenvatinib will eventually become a standard treatment for [radioiodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer],” Dr. Schlumberger said at a media briefing during the meeting.
“Patients with progressive radioiodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer typically have a 10-year survival rate of only 10% from the time of metastatic disease. Until recently, treatment options for these patients have been limited,” he noted.
In November 2013, sorafenib (Nexavar) was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for radioiodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer. Vandetinib (Caprelsa) and cabozantinib (Cometriq) are now approved for metastatic medullary thyroid cancer.
Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF)-signaling networks have been implicated in tumor angiogenesis and are associated with the aggressiveness and metastasis of thyroid tumors. Lenvatinib is an oral tyrosine kinase inhibitor that binds not only to VEGFR1-3, but to multiple other sites involved in angiogenesis and proliferation. This may be important, since other molecular drivers of tumor growth and maintenance beyond VEGF-driven angiogenesis contribute to the pathogenesis of thyroid cancer, Dr. Schlumberger added.
Primary Endpoint Robustly Met
SELECT (Study of E7080 Lenvatinib in Differentiated Cancer of the Thyroid) included 392 patients with advanced radioiodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer, three-fourths of whom had received prior treatment with a VEGF-targeted agent. Patients were randomly assigned to receive lenvatinib (24 mg/d on a 28-day cycle) or placebo, with crossover allowed upon progression.
Median progression-free survival, the primary endpoint, was 18.3 months with lenvatinib vs 3.6 months with placebo—approximately a 14-month absolute benefit and a 79% reduction in risk that was highly significant (P < .0001) and is “an extraordinary improvement,” Dr. Schlumberger reported.
Progression at 2 years was observed in only 41% of the lenvatinib arm, vs 86% of the placebo arm. Receipt of prior anti-VEGF therapy did not adversely affect outcomes; previously treated patients had the same magnitude of risk reduction, and all other subgroups similarly benefited.
Similarly, response rates were 65% with lenvatinib, including four complete responses (2%), vs an overall 2% response rate with placebo (P < .0001). Time to response was prompt—about 2 months. Median duration of response has not been reached. Median tumor shrinkage for responders was 52%.
Median overall survival has not been reached in either arm, and due to expected crossover upon progression, this endpoint may be hard to interpret, the researchers noted.
In an interview with The ASCO Post, U.S. co-investigator Lori J. Wirth, MD, Assistant Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School, Boston, commented on the robust responses and prolonged remission time. “We don’t see numbers that high in oncology very often,” she said.
The median progression-free survival with sorafenib in the DECISION trial was 10.8 months, vs 5.8 months with placebo.2
Major Adverse Events
Treatment-emergent adverse events “reported as treatment-related” were observed in virtually all patients treated with lenvatinib (97%), compared with 60% of those receiving placebo. The most frequent events with lenvatinib were hypertension, diarrhea, fatigue, weight loss, and decreased appetite. These were grade ≥ 3 in 42%, 8%, 9%, 10%, and 5% of lenvatinib recipients, respectively. Proteinuria grade ≥ 3 was reported in 10%. Dose reductions were necessary for 68%, and dose interruptions, for 82%; 14% of lenvatinib-treated patients discontinued the drug due to toxicity.
A total of 20 patients (8%) in the lenvatinib group died, compared to 6 (5%) in the placebo group. Of these 20 deaths, 6 (2%) were considered by the investigators to be treatment-related, Dr. Schlumberger said. One patient died due to a pulmonary embolism, one died due to hemorrhagic stroke, and four others died as a result of general health deterioration, he explained. “Of course this is significant,” Dr. Schlumberger said, in response to questions from the media.
While treatment-related deaths are higher than seen in studies of the other agents used in differentiated thyroid cancer, general toxicity is not worse, he indicated, suggesting the risk/benefit ratio is positive.
ASCO press briefing moderator Gregory A. Masters, MD, FASCO, Attending Physician at the Helen F. Graham Cancer Center & Research Institute, Newark, Delaware, agreed, noting that the absolute improvement in progression-free survival shown with sorafenib vs placebo was less than 6 months, compared to almost 15 months with lenvatinib. “While it can be dangerous to compare two different trials, the numbers from this trial certainly show higher response rates and longer prolongation of progression-free survival,” he said.
Toxicities in Perspective
“There’s always a trade-off,” Dr. Masters acknowledged. “We are still trying to understand the toxicities of these new therapies. We must use new therapies with caution, and in deciding which patients to treat, we must balance the risks that go along with any cancer therapy…. But it is really rewarding to see another active drug in this disease, where a year ago we really had no active therapies.”
Dr. Wirth added, “We have to think about the toxicities of these drugs in perspective. Many patients with [radioiodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer] have a low burden of disease that is growing slowly, and watchful waiting can be appropriate for them. Patients in the SELECT study had a median progression-free survival of only 3.6 months on placebo. These are patients with rapidly progressive disease, and they need effective treatment.”
In her experience, lenvatinib has not been much harder to tolerate than the other tyrosine kinase inhibitors. “I have patients who have remained on lenvatinib for up to 2 years, but we are very active in managing them,” she said. “With active symptom management, supportive care, dose holds, and dose reductions, these drugs are very useful, and the risk/benefit ratio is favorable.” ■
Disclosure: The study was funded by Eisai. Dr. Schlumberger has consulted or received research support from Eisai, AstraZeneca, Bayer, and Genzyme/Sanofi, and honoraria from these companies and from Sobi. Drs. Wirth and Masters reported no potential conflicts of interest. For full disclosures of all study authors, visit meetinglibrary.asco.org.
References
1. Schlumberger M, Tahara M, Wirth LJ, et al: A phase 3, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of lenvatinib (E7080) in patients with 131I-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer (SELECT). ASCO Annual Meeting. Abstract LBA6008. Presented June 2, 2014.
2. Brose MS, Nutting C, Jarzab B, et al: Sorafenib in locally advanced or metastatic patients with radioactive iodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer: The phase III DECISION trial. ASCO Annual Meeting. Abstract 4. Presented June 2, 2013.There is no worse feeling in life than looking back with regret.
“I could have been that person…”
“That could have been my touchdown…”
“I could have beaten that guy…”
“I really should have played…”
The one thing I always tell my players – after nearly three decades of coaching teenagers – is that you only get to be young once. You never get to be 16- or 17- or 18-years-old again.
I’m not sure why there seems to be a recurring pattern these days that young athletes who have already tasted some form of what it means to succeed on the playing field are “okay” with abandoning the possibility of more success while still in their prime.
Ask any middle-aged man or woman who once felt what it was like to hammer a field hockey ball into the back of the net or spike a volleyball for a match-winning point or barrel their way into the end zone on Thanksgiving Day if they’d trade one day of old, aching bones and muscles to feel the exhilaration of competition even for one hour again in the physique they once possessed.
To KNOW you can do something and will your body to make it happen… There’s a vast difference between that feeling and the feeling of being able to envision glory and simply not have the synaptic impulses to pull it off.
The late, great NFL Hall of Famer Vince Lombardi could not have stated it better.
Photo courtesy of Athleticpoetics.com
My high school football coach had a Vince Lombardi quote pasted above his office door and it is emblazoned in my mind as if it were 1984 all over again: “A quitter never wins and a winner never quits.”
No words could ever be more true, no philosophy more poignantly clear.
I’ve taken it to mean – for me – that second chances simply do not grow on trees. If it were up to me, every last student in every school would sign up for something, anything. The Math Team. The Drama Club. The Marching Band. The JV football squad. Cross country. It really doesn’t matter what it is as long as it’s something.
In my mind, there should be no need for afterschool buses because every kid should be involved in something that will help affirm or give or create their self-esteem. It doesn’t have to necessarily be sports, but in a day and age when schools are teeming with opportunities to excel, it’s shameful anyone in a position of authority isn’t corralling kids by the car load to do something other than nothing.
Doing nothing is still a choice and it’s not a good one.
Imagine filling out a college application and having nothing to write down. You don’t have to be voted The Athlete of the Year to tie on a pair of football cleats or run 2.8 miles through the woods. Heck, with enough gumption and industriousness, you could be the founding president of your own afterschool club for heaven’s sake. Raise money for the homeless. Volunteer to help the VFW or the American Legion. DO SOMETHING!
It just doesn’t sit well with me when a conscious decision is made to not be involved. It’s yet another piece of the very real argument that America is losing the right to claim it is the greatest country in the world. I honestly can’t even remember all of the jobs I worked at during high school in addition to playing sports. Was it difficult to study going to practices after school and then washing dishes until 10:30 pm? Of course it was!
I can remember barely being able to hold my head up in my bedroom to solve some Algebra problem or read just one more sentence of A Catcher in the Rye which I originally anticipated being a book about baseball but forced myself to continue reading out of a sense of duty when I discovered it most assuredly was not.
I read somewhere recently that schools should start later because teenagers simply cannot physiologically go to sleep before 10:00 or 11:00 pm.
ABSOLUTE BULL!
Try being run into the ground at football practice until your feet bleed inside your cleats and then scrubbing encrusted food off of plates until 10:30 pm and then ripping your hair out trying to write complete sentences in French and see if you can keep your eyes open when 11:00 pm rolls around.
Too many distractions. Computers aren’t tools, they are toys. Cars are toys. Cell phones are toys. High-definition movie-screen size televisions with 800 channels are TOYS. Could your 16-year-old create a fire in the woods to keep him or herself warm if they had no matches and were going to freeze to death?
We are creating generations of adolescents who need to be entertained 24-7. I can’t tell you how many weirdos I hitchhiked rides from to get to that restaurant after football practice, five miles from school, just so I could make it on time to scrub plates and pots. I certainly wasn’t worried about what my Twitter feed was saying. It’s making me feel like I was the exception and not the rule and it shouldn’t be that way.
Are all of our children by birth borne royal characters whose hands cannot be sullied by hard work?
At a base minimum, any school athletic program that complains of not having enough kids to participate should be ashamed and take a good look in the mirror.
Eliminate extracurricular activities fees. Make the kids raise the funds for the program, not the parents. Or simply, eliminate the program. Don’t let some rich sugar-daddy pay the tab “for the kids.” Make the kids earn it and I can guarantee you they will never let it go once they do.
In 1893, there were roughly 20 male students at Barnstable High School.
Warren R. Bowen, a mustachioed upper classman, took it upon HIMSELF to form a high school football team in the fall of 1893. He recruited 11 players in addition to himself to play “foot-ball.” Barnstable High played ONE GAME that first season and lost to Sandwich High School. Its next scheduled game was against New Bedford but as some 275 fans and players waited for New Bedford High to get off the train that November Saturday afternoon in Hyannis, no team got off the train. There would be no second game in the fall of 1893. But did Bowen and his trusty 11 teammates give up on their idea to have a football team? Heck, they didn’t even have a coach! Bowen was the captain and coach and manager himself!
Bowen took it upon himself to take out an advertisement in the Barnstable Patriot newspaper that asked if any businesses would be willing to sponsor HIS IDEA. He raised $14.50 by the time he was done and what the future high school principal succeeded in doing has lasted for 123 years.
Those are the types of things that are missing from the greater American community today; the industriousness to just do something and stick with it.
I think the 6,000 football players who came after Bowen at Barnstable High were sure glad Bowen didn’t give up.
And all it took was an idea and the willpower to say “you know what, I can do this.”
— Capecod.com Sports Editor Sean Walsh’s column “One on One” appears here weekly. His email is seanwalsh@ccb-media.com. Follow him on Twitter @coachwalshccbm
I like it!!! My son worked all through high school, played golf and baseball, was in model UN, all while maintaining good grades at the areas most academically challenging high school. It served him well, 6 for 6 in college acceptances. This article is spot on.
Great article!About Ammy
Ammy is a UI language that compiles to XAML. Any XAML construct can be directly translated to Ammy syntax, but not vise versa, since Ammy has unique features specific to it. The goal is to create a concise, readable syntax and get rid of unnecessary clutter.
Basics
Window "MainWindow" { Width: 200 Height: 100 TextBlock { Text: "Hello, World!" } }
As you can see, Ammy syntax resembles JSON, but takes shortcuts to make it more human readable.
One important distinction is the fact that comma is optional if you define properties on different lines.
Width: 100 Height: 100, Background: Red
If your properties are defined on the same line though, comma is mandatory.
Width: 100, Height: 200, Background: Red // Error will be given, if comma is omitted
Other distinction is support for C-style comments. Both
// and
/* */ work as intended.
Mixins
Ammy allows you to create reusable components called mixins. Once defined they can be used anyplace in the same scope.
// Definition mixin Header() for TextBlock { FontSize: 18 FontFamily: "Segoe UI" } // Usage TextBlock { #Header "Chapter 1" }
In this case we have defined a mixin called Header. Applied to any TextBlock it will add FontSize and FontFamily properties to that element. You can apply multiple mixins to any given element, unlike native XAML Styles that can’t be mixed. Mixins can also define zero or more parameters to use as attribute values.
// Definition mixin Square(side) for Border { Width: $side Height: $side } // Usage Border { #Square(16) }
Realtime update
If you are using Visual Studio as an IDE for Ammy development you can update UI on live application.
- Start debugging
- Change something in
ammyfile
- Hit
Control + S
- UI is updated without application restart, while Viewmodel state and everything else stays the same
So, for example, you have an application that displays a twitter feed. You have defined a Tweet control as following:
UserControl "Tweet" { TextBlock { Text: bind tweet_text } }
You run this application and see that avatar is missing. So naturally, you
decide to fix it:
UserControl "Tweet" { Grid { Image { Source: bind tweet_avatar } TextBlock { Text: bind tweet_text, Margin: "40, 0, 0, 0" } } }
Now you just save the file and watch as all loaded tweets are updated to a new look.
There are some restrictions though. For example you can’t add new
ammy file and expect it be used without restarting your application. You also can’t change root node type. Although using
UserControl as a root object basically negates this problem.
IDE support
We have intellisense, realtime error checking, syntax coloring and a lot more!.
Try it!
Write
install-package Ammy in your Visual Studio package manager and hit
Enter.
After that install Visual Studio extension called
Ammy from extension gallery. Without this extension you won’t have syntax coloring or realtime update support. Extension also adds new item templates to
Add -> New Item... dialog.
Now go to syntax documentation and discover more great features!Saturday, July 5, 2014 – 10:00 a.m.
The San Bernardino County Grand Jury released its annual report last Tuesday, July 1.
Most people focued on the clean bill of health the civil panel gave the county jails. Jails currently being targeted, by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), for allegations of inmate abuse by sworn officers.
Read the rest of this entry »The Calgary Southeast Conservative EDA is holding its 2009 AGM tommorrow at 10 am at the Calgary Delta South. ( 135 Southland Drive SE ) This will likely be a low key event, unlike the fiasco at Calgary West last month..
It was a good meeting, the first one I attended and I appreciated getting to know some fellow members.MSRP: $3,714 SALE $2,316 (free delivery)
There is no hidden fees of any kind. You just pay for the item(s) you choose + delivery method (free within the contiguous 48 states) more info
Be transported to a faraway place each time you sit down in your dining room by the exciting mid-century modern walnut and gold buffet from Prime Classic Design. A company with nearly half a century of designs in its reputation never misses an opportunity to create a distinct atmosphere that captures your mind and attention from the minute you step into the room. Prime Classic Design, with its distinctively exotic flair, does exactly that by carrying admirers off into a private environment for a meal that feels miles away from the hectic schedule of everyday life. This walnut and gold buffet is practical and versatile, it will fit into any part of the home, standing against a wall, in the center of a room..During the past episode of Show Music Core, Red Velvet’s Irene and BLACKPINK‘s Jennie switched choreographies! Jennie began performing ‘SOLO’ but surprised both ReVeluvs and BLINKs with her new hand gestures!
The same gesture was from Red Velvet’s choreography for their latest track, ‘RBB (Really Bad Boy)’!
But to make the day even better, Irene also added an extra dance move to her choreography during ‘RBB’!
The same pointing dance was the highlight of Jennie’s ‘SOLO’ choreography!
Irene recently guested on a radio show, where she revealed that Jennie was the one who actually suggested that they switch choreography! Irene agreed to teach their ‘RBB’ dance if Jennie would teach her a move from ‘SOLO’, and that’s how the historical moment between the two friends unfolded!
“Jennie asked me to teach her our choreography. I asked her why she wanted to learn it, and she explained that she free styles the beginning of her song and that she wanted to [use our choreography].
So I told her that I also have a freestyle part and that I’ll dance her choreography.”
— Irene
Irene and Jennie continue to show their adorable sides to a beautiful friendship!My ServicesHow To Retire Early
Typically, many of my clients may want to invest money on a regular basis to build up a capital sum and ensure security for the future. You might be planning for your retirement.
Planning
You Can Do it!
Since I!
Pay off debts
Prioritise paying off debts above building up savings, since the interest on debts will far outstrip any savings interest you might earn.
Pay off your mortgage
It’s usually good to make overpayments on your mortgage if you can afford them. The upshot is that you’ll pay off your mortgage sooner, but also pay less overall.
Estimate your total costs over retirement
Make a note of the two figures, Essentials and Discretionary spending. You now need to judge whether your assets can meet two different targets:
Calculate what income you can achieve in retirement
Make an inventory of all your assets, to see where your retirement income could come from
Pensions
The most important element here will be your workplace or private pension(s)"Rainbow Doormat
Thanks for signing up for restock notifications!
There was an error signing up for restock notifications. Please try again.
One of our newest additions to the doormat collection - Rainbow Doormat!
As always our door mats are made using quality natural coir material with a rubber backing. The size of this doormat is approx 50cm x 70cmLike.
1988: Scott Crump Invents FDM
Looking back to 1988, Scott Crump invented a breakthrough technology called Fused Deposition Modeling. Since being commercialized and trademarked by Stratasys in the early 90s, FDM 3D printing continues to make advancements today.
1994: First Thermoplastic Available for 3D Printing
By introducing the first ABS material to work with FDM printers, Stratasys opened the door to stronger more complex parts. This expanded opportunity for 3D printing in manufacturing industries.
2002: Stratasys Increases Accessibility
Another significant breakthrough Stratasys made was making 3D printing accessible with precision and performance priced for new category users, various product designs and a range of production processes.
In 2002, Stratasys introduced the Dimension 3D printers under $100,000.00. At the time, it was a game changer, as systems were complicated, required extensive post processing and were designed for service bureau’s throughput.
2009: First High-Performance FDM Thermoplastics
Not only are 3D printers developing at astronomical rates, but FDM thermoplastics like the ULTEM 9085 also made significant advances in strength-to-weight ratio, meeting high requirements of aerospace, automotive and military applications.
2017: Launch of the Stratasys F123 3D Printer Series
Stratasys is again changing the game with the launch of the new F123 Series, which is the next-generation rapid prototyping solution with intuitive collaboration software for designers and engineers.
The F123 Series is divided into three models including:
-F170: Running PLA, ABS and ASA on a (10 x 10 x 10 in) envelope with a single material bay
-F270: Running PLA, ABS and ASA on a (12 x 10 x 12 in) envelope with double bays.
-F370: Running PLA, ABS, ASA and PC-ABS on a (14 x 10 x 14 in) envelope with double bays.
The F123 Series is the most reliable, economical and intelligent 3D printer for the entire office, combining powerful FDM technology with design-to-print GrabCAD software for the most versatile prototyping solution available. Stratasys is always innovating, with 43 existing patents and 15 new patents, this product line surpasses competition with its high reliability and accuracy, ease-of-use and unprecedented capability in its price category.
Watch our on-demand webinar below for more details.
Conclusion:
If you're looking for your next 3D printer or are a proud owner or user of a Dimension, then don't miss the new materials, 50% faster prints, increased accuracy, three times faster build setups and incredible software and scheduling options from the Stratasys F123 Series. Don't wait, get a quote today!Just how down-to-earth was Princess Margaret?
Why Michael Caine had to go up a tree because of the Queen's sister
Princess Margaret, according to papers released today, had very ‘simple' tastes, and didn't like a fuss being made about her. ‘Simple' here seems to be a relative term - five courses at dinner, for instance, were ‘quite sufficient'. But the detail that really caught my eye was Margaret's taste in literature: she would only accept gifts of books from authors who were ‘of reputable character'. Not sure whether Michael Caine falls into that category, but the Princess might have been interested in a story from the actor's 1992 autobiography. Because it's about her - and reveals that perhaps she did like a fuss being made about her after all ....'
Latest Blog Posts
Just how down-to-earth was Princess Margaret?
Baroness Thatcher and the SuffragThe government’s guidance on the Coronavirus Job Retention Scheme has been updated on a number of different occasions. For our commentary on the different versions, see the following links:
It is incredible to think that not even a month ago the word “furlough” barely featured in most of our vocabulary. Now, if you have a sense of déjà vu reading another briefing on the Coronavirus Job Retention Scheme (JRS), that’s because on 15 April the government updated its guidance on the JRS for the fourth time (updated employee guidance is here). At the same time, a Treasury Direction was also published setting out the legal framework for the JRS. Although this in large part mirrors and implements what can be found in the guidance, it also adds a few details of its own.
This blog considers the changes brought about by these latest updates. It also covers guidance issued by the Pensions Regulator on automatic enrolment and pension contributions.
Other than as set out below, the details of the JRS remain unchanged. To read how the scheme has evolved, please see our commentary on the previous versions of the guidance: see here for a summary of the government’s third update from 9 April, here for its second update from 4 April and here for the details of the scheme.
1. Key date changed to 19 March
- The most significant change brought about by this latest update is that employees who were on their employer’s PAYE payroll on or before 19 March (ie the day before the JRS was announced) will now be eligible to be furloughed. This is a change from the previous date of 28 February.
- There has been significant pressure on the government to change this date to support people otherwise falling through the gaps (for example, under the twitter handle #newstarterfurlough) and in its news story announcing the change, the government estimates that over 200,000 employees will benefit.
- Significantly, however, in order to qualify employers must have made a Real Time Information (RTI) submission notifying HMRC of a payment in respect of the employee on or before 19 March. By way of background, RTI is a system whereby employers need to submit information about tax and other deductions to HMRC every time they pay employees.
- So crucially, eligibility will come down to when an employer submitted payment information to HMRC, particularly as it does not have to be done on day one of employment. Realistically therefore, this change is most likely to benefit people who are paid weekly, and so who may have had an RTI submission made for them between 28 February and 19 March. Unfortunately, many people who are paid monthly may still miss out, since they are often not paid until the end of the month, making it unlikely that an RTI will have been sent to HMRC about them until after 19 March. Individuals who have had the start dates of new jobs pushed back until after 19 March will also not be helped by this change.
- The change made to the relevant date from 28 February to 19 March 2020 is also carried through into the guidance dealing with employees affected by TUPE or the consolidation of payroll within group companies. The new position being that where TUPE applies, employees who transferred to a new employer after 19 March 2020 (and not 28 February) canbe furloughed. Unfortunately, this seems to create uncertainty for transfers that took place between 28 February and 19 March, which in the last iteration of the guidance appeared to have been covered. Where a group of companies consolidate their payroll after 19 March 2020, they remain able to furlough those employees under the JRS.
2. Must there be a redundancy situation to qualify?
- One of the main outstanding questions about the JRS was whether, in order to access the scheme, the alternative had to be a redundancy situation. Although the wording in the guidance hasn’t changed, the Treasury Direction states that the scheme will apply to anyone who is furloughed “by reason of circumstances arising as a result of coronavirus or coronavirus disease” (para 6.1(c)). This is a broad definition and is likely to be a low hurdle to clear. Helpfully, it makes it clear that the JRS is not limited to situations where redundancy would be the alternative.
3. Written agreement is needed
- The guidance has been clear for a while that any decision to furlough must be made with the agreement of employees and must be confirmed by employers in writing. This wording has not changed in the latest version.
- However, what has changed is that the Treasury Direction now states that an employee can only be furloughed if “the employer and employee have agreed in writing (which may be in an electronic form such as an email) that the employee will cease all work in relation to their employment” (para 6.7) (my emphasis). This makes it clear that, in addition to written confirmation by an employer, the employee’s agreement to be furloughed must also be recorded in writing; it will not be sufficient to rely on implied consent.
- It is likely that a lot of employers will already have insisted that employees confirm their agreement in writing and so will have complied with this provision. However, for those that have not done so, written agreement should be sought as soon as possible in order to qualify for the JRS grant. There does not appear to be any requirement for the written agreement to have taken place before an employee is furloughed, so arguably obtaining it after the event is still likely to be sufficient.
4. Re-employing employees who have left employment
- It remains possible for an employer to re-employ and furlough employees who were made redundant or stopped working for an employer provided that the employee was on that employer’s payroll on 28 February (ie an RTI submission notifying payment in respect of that employee to HMRC must have been made on or before 28 February 2020). This will apply even if the employee is not re-employed until after 19 March (and so isn’t shown as being on payroll on that date).
- The updated guidance sheds no light, however, on the position of employees who were on payroll on 19 March, but not 28 February, and it remains uncertain whether those employees would qualify for re-employment if they left employment after 19 March.
- The decision whether or not to re-employ rests with an employer; there is no obligation on an employer to agree.
- The guidance also clarifies, not surprisingly, that where an employee has had several employers over the past year, but has only worked for them one at a time, if they have been furloughed by their current employer, they cannot be re-employed and furloughed by a former employer as well.
5. Work by directors
- Although furloughed employees cannot do any work for their employer or any associated company, the previously published guidance set out that company directors were permitted to do what is reasonably necessary to fulfil “the statutory obligations they owe to their company”.
- The Treasury Direction now provides further clarity that the activities permitted to be undertaken by directors will be narrow in scope and apply only to work carried out “to fulfil a duty or other obligation arising by or under an Act of Parliament relating to the filing of company accounts or provision of other information relating to the administration of the director’s company” (para 6.6). Directors’ statutory duties will therefore not count as work for the purpose of the JRS so as to break their period of furlough.
6. Unpaid leave
- Previous versions of the guidance stated that you could only claim for people who were placed on unpaid leave after 28 February. This update confirms that they will formally need to be put on furlough in order to claim.
- In a new addition, the guidance also indicates that employees who went on unpaid leave on or before 28 February can also be furloughed, but not until “the date on which it was agreed they would return from unpaid leave”. If a date was not agreed, and instead the duration of the leave was to be determined by reference to a particular event or circumstance, the Treasury Direction states that furlough cannot begin until the occurrence or completion of that event.
7. Furlough and sick pay
- It had appeared from the guidance that the position on sick pay and furlough had been resolved, and that is was open to employers to furlough employees who were already on sick leave.
- Unfortunately, the Treasury Direction seems to have introduced uncertainty once more and suggests that where SSP is payable furlough cannot now begin until the original SSP period has ended. Since the Treasury Direction will take precedence over the government guidance, this is likely to mean that employers will need to take a more cautious approach to furloughing employees who are on sick leave.
8. Calculating pay
- The reference date for calculating salary for employees on fixed pay has been changed to their last pay period prior to 19 March (rather than 28 February as was previously the case). If an employer has previously calculated its claim based on an employee’s salary as at 28 February, and this differs from the salary calculated using the new date, it can choose to use the 28 February calculation for its first claim.
- The Treasury Direction reiterates that when calculating an employee’s reference salary, no account should be taken of anything which is “not regular salary or wages” (para 7.3). As detailed in the guidance, this means ignoring things like benefits in kind, discretionary performance-related bonuses and other discretionary or conditional payments.
9. What you’ll need to make a claim
- The Government confirmed this week in briefings that the HMRC portal remains due to go live on 20 April 2020.
- There have been a few minor tweaks to this section of the guidance, most notably that employers with fewer than 100 furloughed employees will need to enter details of each employee into the system; employers with more than 100 employees will need to upload a file.
- It is now optional whether to include a payroll / employee number for furloughed employees.
10. When will the JRS end?
- The Treasury Direction reiterates the guidance in saying that the JRS will end on 31 May 2020 and will only cover amounts of earnings paid or payable by employers up to that date. However, the guidance remains clear that the scheme may be extended if necessary.
11. What about holidays and holiday pay?
- Unfortunately, both the latest guidance and the Treasury Direction remain silent on the issue of holidays and holiday pay and so we have no further clarity on the issue in relation to furloughed employees. For our latest commentary on annual leave, see here. Since the online portal for making claims is due to go live in a few days’ time, it seems unlikely that we will get any further direction on this point before the JRS goes live, leaving employers in the unsatisfactory position of having to do what they can when it comes to annual leave and pay.
Updated guidance from the Pensions Regulator
On 9 April, the Pensions Regulator published guidance for employers on Automatic enrolment and pension contributions, which includes details about pension contributions and furloughed employees. The guidance details the following:
- An employer’s automatic enrolment (AE) duties continue to apply as normal for furloughed employees.
- Under the JRS, employers can claim the statutory minimum pension contribution (3 per cent) on the furloughed wages received by employees.
- An employer may have to pay more than the statutory minimum AE contribution included in the JRS grant for a number of reasons, such as where an employer is topping salary under the JRS, or where pension scheme rules provide for a contribution rate of more than 3 per cent. Any excess above the statutory minimum contribution will not be covered by the JRS and employers should continue to make the correct contributions due under the scheme, meaning it may have to pay a proportion of the pension contribution itself.
- The guidance acknowledges that employers may want to decrease AE contributions to the statutory minimum and sets out a number of factors to consider when deciding on this.
- For employers with over 50 employees, there is an obligation to consult for a minimum of 60 days on certain changes, including decreasing employer contributions. However, the guidance sets out a number of factors in relation to the pension contributions for furloughed employees, which, if they all apply, means that the Pensions Regulator will not take regulatory action in respect of a failure to consult for the full 60 days.
- The Regulator has indicated it will be adding to this guidance sometime this week.
With the online portal for the JRS due to open on Monday 20 April, and most outstanding issues now clarified (with the notable exception of holiday), it seems likely that we are nearing the end of these updates to the government’s JRS guidance. Certainly we are not expecting anything further at this stage (though we stand ready to be corrected and, given the government’s penchant for publishing new information just before a weekend, will keep an eye out on Friday evening!). Although the important detail of the JRS has taken some time to be worked out (unsurprisingly given the speed with which the scheme was necessarily put in place), the evolving guidance has demonstrated the clear intention behind the scheme to offer employers the opportunity to keep as many people in employment as possible. Given the likely number of applications, we certainly hope that HMRC’s confidence that the system will cope with the high volumes expected on Monday will prove to be well founded. Anna Birtwistle,Our home computer is old. My current work computer that I’ve had at home for about a year is also old. If I’m working on either of them (as opposed to my iPad that I’m typing this on) I will, absolutely will see the spinning rainbow on my screen at some point. I will need to wait until the various simultaneous processes work their way through the traffic jam.
I have a few options as to what I can do while I’m waiting. If it’s only spinning for one app, I might switch windows to work on a different task (I think spinning rainbows and such are part of the reason we can’t focus on one thing anymore). If it’s the whole computer, I can pick up my phone or iPad and work on something else or check social media. I can get up and grab something to eat even thought I’m probably not really hungry in that moment. I can get really frustrated AND do one or more of these things. But none of these are my best options.
The other day I was on my work computer when the little spinning rainbow ball reared it’s annoying head and I thought, “Breath, just breath. Now have some water. Stand up and just stretch.” These are all better options, and they’re good for other times that I find myself waiting.
In line at the grocery store? Maybe don’t stretch, but just relax. I don’t need to pull out my phone or ruminate on anything.
Waiting at a traffic light, that’s a perfect time to take some calming breaths and have a drink of water ( I try to always have some with me). Just keep your eyes open so you can see if the light changes.
I’m trying to think of the time I have to wait as time I’m gifted with to rest my eyes from staring at the screen or pulling back from the feeling of need to rush when I’m out and about. Slow down. Breath. Take in the moment. And just wait.
Featured image courtesy of Yanping Nora Soon under a CC-BY-SA licenseThe Star of Divine Governance
This is a call to action for humanity to emblazon Light into every part of government on earth on December 12th at 10pm GMT and continue to do so daily throughout December.
The request is to those of us opening to the new frequencies bathing our universe to help create a new society here on Earth.
Beam wonderful, non-judgmental Light everywhere from December 12th as weintensify the Star of Divine Governance so we can haveconstructive and productivechange.
The Star of Divine Governance
I am one with presence of all Humanity as we, the Seekers of Light, expose darkness.
We call upon Gaia ,the Archangels, Angels and the Light of God. We project our energies and our thoughts deep into the Magma of planet Earth.
Please join us so we send light together into every place of government worldwide to bring LOVE, COMPASSION and PEACE softly and intelligently.
This will support all government agencies to rejuvenate and revitalize their traditional procedures, establishing immediate health and well-being for their populations.
PLEASE continue and expand this emblazoned Light daily and hourly a thousand fold, until Planet Earth and ALL Life evolving upon her is Victorious.
So be it. So it is. Amen and amen.
I AM that I AM.
Thank you. St GermaineThis has become my favorite way to cook green beans. It’s easy and flavorful and just looks pretty on your plate.
Servings: 4
Calories: 74kcal
Ingredients
- 2 cloves garlic minced
- 1 tbsp fresh ginger minced
- 12 oz fresh green beans trimmed
- 1 tbsp olive oil
- salt to taste
- fresh ground pepper to taste
- 1/2 cup water
- 1 tsp red pepper flakes
- 1 tsp sesame oil
- 2 tsp orange zest
- 2 tbsp orange juice
Instructions
- Wash and trim green beans
- Mince the garlic
- Peel and mince the ginger
- Pour water in skillet and add green beans. Season slightly with salt and pepper and simmer over medium heat for about 5 minutes
- The water will mostly evaporate, but if there is a remainder, please drain
- Add olive oil and garlic and ginger. Sear quickly until golden, then throw in the beans. Cook for about 3 to 4 minutes
- Grate the orange zest (I do this over the pan directly but a good trick is also to grate over a paper towel). Add to pan
- Add sesame oil, salt and pepper, and if desired red pepper flakes
- Squeeze orange juice into pan
- Toss for about a minute until fully coated.
Nutrition
Calories: 74kcal | Carbohydrates: 8g | Protein: 2g | Fat: 5g | Saturated Fat: 1g | Sodium: 16mg | Potassium: 213mg | Fiber: 3g | Sugar: 3g | Vitamin A: 735IU | Vitamin C: 11mg | Calcium: 39mg | Iron: 1mg
Tried this recipe?Let us know how it was!Nadia loves the tale of Red riding hood…I showed her our holiday storyboard of “Red Riding hood” from a few years back and she immediately wanted to re-create it again. Maybe later, for now lets be content with some painting and pretend play!
Nadia painted Little Red and the wolf.
We then laid out the scene. The milk bottle house became Grandma’s cottage. A previous peg woman became the grandma. She added the trees from her cars scene.
In this version, Little Red and the wolf are really pals and they share the picnic basket with Grandma.
We have been talking about making a Red riding hood shadowbox next.
Have a great week.
Cheers,
ArunaChris Stapleton – From A Room: Volume 2
Country/soul superstar Chris Stapleton releases the second half of his From A Room series, following the excellent Volume 1 early this year. Despite mostly restraining himself from the explosive moments and outlaw country lyrics on this second half, opting instead for safer, pleasant balladry, Stapleton’s vocal talent is unmatched not only in his genre, but across most of the music industry, and his ability to convey emotion in his delivery continues to ring throughout this follow-up.
Stapleton continues to bring his wife, Morgane, on board to back him up with some pretty incredible harmonies – it’s tough to match up to the vocal presence Stapleton delivers, but she’s more than up for the job. He continues to show his versatility as well, diving directly into the heavier guitars of southern rock on a track like “Hard Livin’” while stripping things back to show the soulful side of his vocals on “Nobody’s Lonely Tonight”. Back to back tracks “Scarecrow in the Garden” and “Nobody’s Lonely Tonight” are the highlights here, the former showcasing Stapleton in country storytelling mode as an impressive display of speedy guitar riffs back him up, playing a character once again as he taps into the mindset of a farmer and his undying love for the land that had been passed down for generations. The latter, however, taps into an almost doo-wop style instrumental as Stapleton does what he does best, communicating complete dejection and heartbreak though his vocal delivery. The song honestly doesn’t contain much lyrically, but when Stapleton sings the few words he does here he absolutely makes them count – “What’s love but just some confusion we don’t need?”, he sings, his voice perfectly stretched to its emotional breaking point.
While the cover song on Volume 1, “Last Thing I Needed First Thing This Morning”, was perhaps its best track, the covers that begin and end Volume 2 are perhaps its weakest points, as Stapleton taps into some overly sentimental material with cheesy lyrical content that contrasts the rugged outlaw character he attempts to portray. Both tracks detail the value he places in his friendships and relationships, but lack the lyrical depth and complexity I’ve come to know him for, remaining on some baseline metaphors. Volume 2 is still a very solid collection of tracks, but most of these songs through its middle aren’t as immediately impactful as their predecessors. Still, Stapleton is at the top of his genre.
Favourite Tracks: Nobody’s Lonely Tonight, Scarecrow In The Garden, A Simple Song, Midnight Train To Memphis
Least Favourite Track: Friendship
Score: 7/10
Miguel – War & Leisure
Miguel’s fourth studio album continues his streak of connecting on his lofty ambitions of R&B psychedelia and strong songwriting, taking a slightly more political angle than usual but maintaining that devilish grin you can feel through his delivery when falling back on the Prince-emulating sensual slow jams he is known for. Miguel’s vocals are assured and confident, the lavish instrumentals behind him contributed by established veteran R&B producers like Happy Perez and Raphael Saadiq layering on top to create a sonic world to get lost in.
After introducing us to the album with “Criminal”, a slower track featuring some laidback musings from Rick Ross, the party begins with “Pineapple Skies”, which pays homage to a long legacy of soul music that Miguel adopts flawlessly. The track borrows some instrumental elements from Marvin Gaye’s classic track “Sexual Healing” while acknowledging the legacy Prince left behind in its lyrical content detailing the purple sky above them. Miguel settles into the upbeat groove of the project, and you can almost envision him doing the suave choreography present in his live performances as he breezes through the chorus with a “backslide … everything gonna be alright”. Miguel is a master of the extended metaphor, declaring “there’s a war on love” at the start of “Banana Clip” before an impressive number of comparisons of his devotion to a soldier at war, while delivering one of the most unique song concepts of the year on “City of Angels”, imagining a post-apocalyptic future where Los Angeles was eviscerated by bombs while Miguel was out of town, as he laments not being there to die together with his girlfriend, lost to the attack. It’s kind of ridiculous when you think about it, but his tender vocals absolutely sell it.
While he’s sung in Spanish before, another interesting direction the project takes is “Caramelo Duro”, sung almost entirely in his native language – I didn’t think it was possible for Miguel to sound more at home in the sonic landscape he commands, but he is completely in his element here. “Come Through and Chill” is another excellent track, based around a calming acoustic guitar loop while Miguel shares the mic with J. Cole, returning to form with two great feature verses as the two invite the listener over with a wink. War and Leisure is easily one of the best R&B projects this year, refreshingly relying more on authentic-sounding instruments while Miguel steps comfortably and convincingly into his role as psychedelic lothario.
Favourite Tracks: Pineapple Skies, City Of Angels, Told You So, Caramelo Duro, Banana Clip
Least Favourite Track: Wolf
Score: 9/10
Big Sean & Metro Boomin – Double Or Nothing
All-star trap producer Metro Boomin releases yet another collaborative project, this time with a much more unlikely guest in Big Sean, who he slightly alters his beats for to adapt to his speedier flow. Double Or Nothing is some of Metro Boomin’s best work this year, interpolating some beautiful choral and orchestral elements, but most of the time Big Sean’s inconsistency lets the project down.
Metro Boomin opens strong on the track “Go Legend”. Regardless of the repetitive hook from Travis Scott, the track is carried by a modified trap hi-hat pattern on top of a legitimate orchestral piece complete with swelling violins and twinkling piano that accentuates Sean’s slightly deadpan delivery. The first half of the project is much stronger, Sean staying focused and showing the technical ability we know him for. Hearing Metro’s aggressive beats with a more technical, lyrically-focused rapper is an interesting exercise, even if Sean’s approaches eventually become half-baked. “Big Bidness” and “Pull Up N Wreck” are both grandiose, cinematic rap tracks, 2 Chainz and 21 Savage delivering great, lower-key verses contrasting Sean’s confident boasts, while “Who’s Stopping Me” just continues to show Metro Boomin’s versatility, sampling the guitar pattern from a Brazilian song and bringing the Spanish lyrics back in the chorus. Sean himself declares it “the best beat thus far” on the track, adapting his flow to the swung, Latin flavour and offering the kind of quotable lyrics that only Sean could come up with.
As the album goes on, Sean’s lyrical content here crosses the line past the kind of goofy punchline rap that we accept because of his confident delivery to some pretty inexcusable lines that not even his big personality could save, taking you out of the song quickly. “So Good”, regardless of being Metro Boomin’s most derivative beat, fails miserably at being the kind of sensual anthem Sean’s whispery delivery would suggest due to line after line of middle school-quality punchlines that are too egregious to be effective. You need at least some degree of metaphor there, Sean. Even his flow seems a little off on some of these filler tracks, somehow becoming more conversational when speeding up and attempting to cram as many syllables as possible into a line with a tenuous connection to the song’s rhythm.
He continues to insist on singing on “Savage Time”, a tactic which hasn’t been anywhere close to being good since his first album 6 years ago, while simply sounding checked out on tracks like “Even The Odds” and “In Tune”, extending a single lyrical concept to the entire length of a song, filling in the blanks with different bars each time to tedious effect. While Metro’s production can frequently revive the energy of these tracks, he might be better off sticking to trap artists.
Favourite Tracks: Who’s Stopping Me, Pull Up N Wreck, No Hearts No Love, Go Legend
Least Favourite Track: So Good
Score: 6/10The ACU McNair Scholars Program is a competitive program that admits new students on a yearly basis. Applications to join the McNair Scholars Program 2021-22 cohort will be due by 4:00 pm on Friday, October 21, 2021.
Consider applying if you can say “yes” to all of the following:
- You are interested in going to graduate school.
- You meet our eligibility and citizenship requirements (click on the “eligibility” tab above for the list of requirements).
- You will be available to participate in our 2022 Summer Research Internship from May 10 to July 23.
- You have a GPA of 3.0 or better.
- You will have completed at least 60 credit hours by the end of the spring 2022 or pick up a printed copy from the McNair Office (Zellner Hall, room 130)
- Complete application
- Be sure to save the application with your name in the title and store it somewhere you can find it again if necessary
- Sign completed application, and gather all other necessary documents (see Application Checklist)
- Bring documents to the McNair Office or email them to jms97w@acu.eduFind Best Asus Laptop at the best price and compare the best laptop on Asus Laptop
Okeycase is a modern laptop comparison website where you can find best and cheap price laptops from different web store. You can also compare with other laptops with just single mouse click.
Join Our Mailing List To Get Latest Deal On InboxFriday, September 10
Asteroid (2) Pallas reaches opposition at 10 P.M. EDT tonight. The large main-belt world is currently located in Pisces; it’s rising as the Sun sets and will be visible all night. Pallas glows softly around magnitude 8.5 — easy for binoculars or a small scope to pick up. You’ll find it about 4° south-southwest of 4th-magnitude Gamma (γ) Piscium. Pallas takes 4.6 years to circle the Sun from its location between Mars and Jupiter.
While you’re in the area, shift your gaze north of the Circlet in Pisces to find the Great Square of Pegasus: a large asterism comprising Alpha (α), Beta (β), and Gamma Pegasi, along with Alpha Andromedae. The Great Square outlines the body of the Winged Horse on the sky, while his neck arches away from Alpha Pegasi (also called Markab) toward his nose, Enif (Epsilon [ϵ] Pegasi).
Saturday, September 11
The Moon reaches perigee — the closest point to Earth in its orbit around our planet — at 6:03 A.M. EDT. At that time, our satellite will sit 228,951 miles (368,461 kilometers) away.
Around that time (i.e., before the sky starts to grow light with the dawn) is when you’ll want to look for the false dawn, or zodiacal light, which appears before sunrise at this time of year. The best time to see it is on a clear, dark morning when there is no Moon in the sky. Look east toward the constellation Cancer, low on the horizon, and Gemini the Twins, sitting just above it. The zodiacal light will appear as a soft, delta-shaped glow thrusting upward from the horizon and stretching along the ecliptic, the plane of our solar system.
This glow is created by sunlight scattering off dust particles in the inner solar system, which are often left by comets as they skim through, throwing off dust and gases as they heat up. More recently, researchers using data from the Juno spacecraft’s trip between Earth and Jupiter discovered that some or even much of this dust could also come from the planet Mars.
Sunday, September 12
Look south after sunset this evening to find bright Jupiter, shining at magnitude –2.8 in Capricornus the Sea Goat. The planet currently sits about 1.5° due north of 3rd-magnitude Deneb Algedi.
In locations where it’s already dark enough, zoom in on the gas giant with a telescope to see Europa begin transiting the disk at 8:26 P.M. EDT, moving from east to west. About an hour later, at 9:37 P.M. EDT, the moon’s shadow follows it onto the disk.
But there’s something else going on — look east of Jupiter to spot Io and Ganymede nearing each other. The pair floats just 30" off Jupiter’s eastern limb, with smaller Io slightly north of larger Ganymede. Io is traveling east, while Ganymede is moving west; the two come closest at 10:20 P.M. EDT, when they sit less than 6" apart. At that time, Europa and its shadow are both still transiting the disk.
If you’re keen to keep watching overnight, Ganymede’s westerly movement will carry it in front of Jupiter’s disk at 12:20 A.M. EDT (on the 13th, for those in the Eastern time zone). Its large shadow follows a little more than two hours later, at 2:47 EDT.
Monday, September 13
First Quarter Moon occurs this afternoon at 4:39 P.M. EDT, about two hours after it rises. Our satellite is visible all evening, setting shortly before midnight. It’s a great night to get in some easy, enjoyable lunar observing.
Mercury reaches greatest eastern elongation (27°) at midnight EDT. It’s well below the horizon by then, though, so instead try looking for it just after sunset. It’s a bit of a challenge, because despite its position relatively far from the Sun, the ecliptic currently forms a shallow angle to the horizon. That means Mercury is not very high — by 30 minutes after sunset, the solar system’s smallest planet is only 3° high, shining at magnitude 0.2. If you’re able to turn a telescope its way, you’ll see its disk is 57 percent lit and stretches 7" across.
Mercury currently forms the base of a line linking it with Spica — Virgo’s magnitude 1 alpha star — and Venus, shining a bright magnitude –4. Half an hour after sunset, Venus remains 11° high, setting just before 9 P.M. local time. Its 16"-wide disk is 68 percent lit and will continue to slim down slightly, ending the month about 62 percent lit.
Tuesday, September 14
Neptune reaches opposition at 5 A.M. EDT this morning. If you happen to be up early, you can catch the solar system’s most distant planet as it slowly sets in the west amid the stars of Aquarius. The easiest way to locate Neptune is to first find 4th-magnitude Phi (ϕ) Aquarii, then skim 4° northeast of the star. Magnitude 7.7 Neptune sits near a triangle of 6th-magnitude field stars, closest to the triangle’s southwestern point. The planet’s bluish disk spans a mere 2", but it’s visible in binoculars as a flat-looking star. If you’ve got a telescope and good seeing, you’ll likely discern some color.
Because it’s at opposition, Neptune will again rise as the Sun sets and remain visible all night, so don’t worry about missing it if you prefer to observe in the evening. Wait an hour or two after sunset for the region to climb away from the horizon, where turbulent air often muddies the view.
Wednesday, September 15
Look north tonight after dark and you’ll see the Little Dipper just starting to swing downward, its cup upside-down and handle curving down toward Polaris, the North Star. Over the next several hours, the Dipper’s cup will continue to rotate toward the horizon, while Polaris stays fixed above Earth’s North Celestial Pole.
The cup is formed by four stars: Beta, Gamma, Eta (η), and Zeta (ζ) Ursae Minoris. Of those, Beta (also called Kochab) is the brightest, shining at magnitude 2. Polaris, the constellation’s alpha star, is just a bit brighter. In addition to its place of honor as our current North Star, Polaris is also a Cepheid variable star, whose period — the time it takes to dim and brighten again — is linked to its intrinsic brightness. Thanks to this relationship, Cepheid variables serve as valuable standard candles that allow astronomers to measure precise distances.
Thursday, September 16
The Moon passes 4° south of Saturn at 11 P.M. EDT. You can enjoy the view much earlier, though — Saturn is already nearly 20° high at sunset, and another 5° higher an hour later. At that time, the Moon is just less than 5° south-southwest of the planet and will continue to inch closer in the coming hours. Both are located in southwestern Capricornus, west of where you found Jupiter the other night.
Saturn itself glows at magnitude 0.3. That’s visible to the naked eye, but you’ll want some optical aid to see its stunning ring system, which stretches out on either side of the planet’s 18"-wide disk. Those rings are tilted 19° to our line of sight, which puts their northern face on view. See if you can differentiate the duskier outer ring, called A, from the brighter Ring B. The dark gap between them is the Cassini division.
Tonight, Saturn is wreathed in several of its small moons, although our own Moon’s light may make them more challenging to see. To the planet’s southeast are Dione and Tethys, while Mimas and Rhea stand to its northwest. Enceladus sits just off Saturn’s northeastern limb, while big, bright Titan — the easiest to see at magnitude 8.5 — is nearly 3' west of the planet.
Friday, September 17
Bright Vega in Lyra is the sky’s fifth-brightest star, blazing high in the eastern sky after dark tonight. Part of its secret is that it’s so close — Vega is a mere 25 light-years from Earth. But it’s also a hot class A star, which also lends it some added oomph.
But don’t let this single star outshine the constellation in which it resides. Lyra the Lyre contains several other stars, including the four — Zeta, Beta, Gamma, and Delta (δ) Lyrae — that make up its parallelogram shape. Beta Lyrae, also called Sheliak, is an eclipsing binary system with a period of 13 days. Over the course of about two weeks, Sheliak dims from magnitude 3.8 to 4.3, then brightens again. You can see this for yourself by comparing it nightly with steadier Gamma, also called Sulafat, which matches Sheliak in brightness when the latter is at its peak and shines brighter when Sheliak is dimmest.
If deep-sky observing is on your to-do list, Lyra is also home to M56, a globular cluster in the constellation’s southern region. At magnitude 8.3, binoculars or a small scope will reveal this ball of stars, which stretches about 9' across. At its distance of more than 32,000 light-years, that corresponds to a physical diameter of about 85 light-years in space. You’ll find it 4.5° southeast of Sulafat, or 3.7° northwest of Albireo (Beta Cygni).
Receive news, sky-event information, observing tips, and
more from Astronomy's weekly email newsletter.
View our Privacy Policy.
Astronomy Magazine
By signing up you may also receive reader surveys and occasional special offers.
We do not sell, rent or trade our email lists.
View our Privacy Policy.Search Results
SBP 4023 Lignocellulosic Biomass Chemistry: 3 hours.
(Prerequisites: CH 1213 or CH 1223 or consent of instructor). Three hours lecture. This course will give a brief introduction to the major chemical composition of wood. The distribution of wood components (cellulose, hemicelluloses, lignin, and extractives), their structures, isolation, processes & applications will be coveredScarf Hanging System Deluxe Edition -Upgrade Kit
- Upgrade Stainless Still Standoffs with 4 Gold Standoffs to match or enhanced your scarf design and or color
- Hang scarfs, fabrics , canvases and any other work of art
- Regularly used to hang Hermes, Valentino or any other scarfs and any artwork as wall pictures
Scarf Hanging System -Gold Standoffs Upgrade Kit by FramelessArtworks
SKU: 030915199872
$18.00Price2019/2020 Zambian Open University Online Application Form Out | Appy Here
Zambian Open University Application Form 2019/2020, Zambian Open University Admission Forms 2019/2020, ZAOU Mid-year admission form 2018/2019, ZAOU Undergraduate, postgraduate, Graduate, master, Courses/Programmes offered for admission, entry requirements, application closing date, required documents, method of application, ZAOU admission portal, ZAOU online application forms 2019/2020 has been released.
This is to inform the general public and interested students who is aspiring to study in the Zambian Open University that the ZAOU Online Admission Forms for 2019/2020 academic year has been released.
EduloadedZM has published the Courses, programmes, application procedures for admission.
INVITING APPLICATIONS FOR GRADUATE PROGRAMMES: MID-YEAR 2018 AND JANUARY 2019 INTAKES
The
However, if you have any Suggestion, Correction regarding the Zambian Open University Admission Forms: Zambian Open University |, ZAOU admission, ZAOU admission 2018/2019, ZAOU admission 2019/2020, ZAOU Admission Portal
I want to apply as a clinical officer..onlineIn 2011, director Dee Rees made a stunning directorial debut with “Pariah”—a coming of age film about a Black teen lesbian coming to terms with her sexual identity. One of the most critically acclaimed films of that year, “Pariah” was unique in showing a queer community populated by Black women—spaces usually reserved for White LGBT communities in the media. In her second feature, “Bessie,” now playing on HBO, Rees further challenges perceptions of Black female sexuality by examining the life of blues singer Bessie Smith.
Smith, referred to as “The Empress of Soul” was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee in 1894 and would become one of the highest paid performers of her time. In “Bessie,” Rees brilliantly tackles colorism, gender fluidity and respectability politics, showing an early 20th century America that was both progressive in some areas and regressive in others.
The road to “Bessie” took more than two decades in the making. Producers Richard and Lili Zanuck first approached actress/rapper Queen Latifah to play the troubled soul singer when she was 22 years old. Originally, “Bessie” was a big screen studio project with a $30 million budget, but the deal eventually fell through. Latifah, her producing partner Shakim Compere and the Zanucks held on the project, with the script going through at least five revisions.
When Rees signed on as director, she decided to work from a script that reflected her own vision for Bessie Smith, so she re-wrote the script from scratch. “I wanted to get to the ‘why’ of why Besse was the way she was,” says Rees. For research, Rees read “Blues Legacies and Black Feminism” by noted civil rights activist and feminist Angela Davis to understand the world Bessie lived in. Rees also read “The Autobiography of My Mother: A Novel” by Jamaica Kincaid to contextualize Bessie’s grief in losing her mother when she was 12 years old. “The book talks about ‘my mother died and there’s this void between me and the world’—Bessie was constantly putting things between her and the void.”
Gender fluidity and expression was a topic Rees was insistent on exploring in her film. “I really wanted to show the ‘sporting life.’ You had women like Gladys Bentley and Moms Mabley dressed as men onstage in Harlem. I wanted to explore the intersectionality of Bessie and Ma Rainey; they weren’t just one thing. You see them in suits, you see them in dresses, with both male and female lovers.”
Rees also addresses the complications of colorism within the Black community. When Bessie breaks away from Ma Rainey and decides to start her own performing troupe, she uses a “paper bag” test—only hiring dancers and singers darker than a brown paper bag. Bessie also employs this philosophy in her personal life, with her darker skinned lovers Lucille (Tika Sumpter) and Jack Gee (Michael K. Williams). Bessie will soon experience the sting of complexion politics herself when Black Swan Records decides to sign Ethel Waters, a lighter skinned blues singer. Rees notes that colorism is a battle still being fought today: “We shouldn’t be discriminating against each other, the whole light skin versus dark skin is an idea we need to break down.”
When asked about the parallels of beauty standards for Black women in music today, Rees replies, “Would Bessie or Ma Rainey be considered hot in the music industry today? Probably not. Bessie was able to define herself, show her desirability.” Rees certainly doesn’t shy away from putting Bessie’s sexuality front and center. In one pivotal scene we see Bessie come home late after a performance and remove her makeup, totally nude. "That was a scene I wrote, about Bessie taking off her armor,” Rees explains. “I talked to Latifah about it and she was game. We talked about showing Bessie’s nudity and showing the complication of self. We shot on a closed set, she saw the images and paintings we were using as references. It was the cinematographer, Latifah, and a makeup artist. We tried to keep it a quiet and warm set.”
Rees also addresses the topic of Black artists expressing themselves authentically when policed under the gaze of White mainstream audiences. Bessie is invited by Carl Van Vechten to perform for a group of New York’s elite and is introduced to writer Langston Hughes, a prolific writer of the Harlem Renaissance. Van Vechten was a polarizing figure amongst the Black intelligentsia. While he served as a patron to many artists involved in the Harlem Renaissance like Hughes, Van Vechten once described Smith’s singing style as “crude and primitive.” Rees explains why including this scene was so crucial: “While Langston respects Bessie, he knows she will not find the same respect from Van Vechten and his guests. But Bessie transcends that moment and ends up shaming the people in that room. While they were all fawning over some opera singer, Bessie was like, I’m going to show you I’m just as cultured as she is.”
Bessie Smith would die from wounds suffered from a car crash in Clarkdale, Mississippi in 1937 at the age of 43, but Rees chooses to focus on the struggles and complexities that made the blues singer so extraordinary. “Even though Bessie’s career was moving straightforward professionally, personally she was trying to find this love She wasn’t accepted into certain circles of the Black community or the mainstream either, but to so many of her fans, she represented freedom.”Video: The small claims court process in Vermont
Go to descriptive transcript. Links in this video: Video about filing a Complaint with the court; VTLawHelp.org; Vermont Judiciary
In small claims court, your landlord has 30 days to answer you by mail. If they don't respond, you can ask the court to have a sheriff deliver, or “serve”, your lawsuit to them.
You will pay a fee to the sheriff. In 2020, the cost of sheriff service of a lawsuit ranged from about $50 to $100. If you pay a sheriff to serve the defendant and then win your case, the court will add the cost of service to the amount the defendant has to pay you. If you submitted the fee waiver form in Step 5 and the court approved it, you do not have to pay the sheriff yourself.
If the landlord still doesn't respond 21 days after being served by a sheriff, you can ask the small claims court for a “default judgment.” This means you would win without a hearing.
If the landlord does give you a written Answer and they disagree with you, you will have a hearing.
The landlord's Answer may include “counterclaims” against you if they think you owe them more money.
Prepare for your hearing by gathering these things:
- exhibits (items such as photos and receipts)
- testimony (statements from you and other witnesses)
Good evidence is based on a person's own knowledge about a specific event.
Example: It's good evidence for your friend to say they were there when you did a moveout inspection and they didn't see a large stain on the carpet. It's not good evidence for your friend to say you are always careful and clean and would never leave a stain behind.
For any exhibits you want to use, make enough copies for yourself, the landlord and the judge.
If you have a hearing with the Burlington Housing Board of Review, get ready in the same way.Pinnacle Point Resort Accommodation
Pinnacle Point in Western Cape
Luxury Sea View House on Pinnacle Point Estat...
This fantastic, well appointed home on Pinnacle Point Golf Estate is the perfect place for a family or golfing getaway.Come and play the best and most...
- Wi-Fi
- Swimming Pool
- Braai/Barbecue
- On-site Parking
Accommodation near Pinnacle Point
* Distances are shown as the crow flies and not necessarily the actual travelling distance.
Pinnacle Point Golf Lodge
Pinnacle Point Golf Lodge is situated in Mossel Bay which is a bustling holiday town and port set on the sun-washed slopes of Cape St. Blaize, overlooking...
Pinnacle Point Golf Lodge
Welcome Pinnacle Point Golf Lodge situated on a dramatic coastline near Mossel Bay at the start of the Garden Route. This wonderful golf lodge is located...
DLC Holiday Accommodation
DLC Accommodation offers this spacious house ideal for a self-catering family vacation. The house can comfortably sleep 10 people and is ideally located...
Sea two coasts
Sea two coasts is a two-bedroom apartment with two bathrooms, a modern family-friendly kitchen and a cosy living room. The first bedroom is fitted w
Living the Dream
Living the Dream is a self-catering house in Dana Bay where you can have a sea holiday with the tranquillity of nature. Ideal for nature lovers, we
Plankiesplesier
Plankiesplesier is a beachfront holiday cottage right on the sea edge at Dana Bay near Mossel Bay. With its 180-degree view of the Indian Ocean and...
Rhapsody 5
Rhapsody 5 is one of six apartments located on the beachfront in Dana Bay and it offers its guests breathtaking views of the ocean. If you want to escape...
91G San Vincente
91G San Vincente is a luxurious two-bedroom flat ideally located in a quiet security complex on the beautiful Mossel Bay Golf Estate. The self-cater
Kloofsig 505
Kloofsig505 is located in Dana Bay and offers quality accommodation for a family or a group of friends. The beach and various shops, services and...
Macaw Villa
Macaw Villa is a self-catering apartment with a private entrance, adjacent to the main house. It is located in the conservatory, Danabaai, on the Garden...
Pinnacle Point Resort Accommodation
If you are looking for Pinnacle Point holiday accommodation , SafariNow has a selection of Self-catering, Golf Holiday, Hotel holiday accommodation in Pinnacle Point and surrounds. With 19 listings in Pinnacle Point, our handy Pinnacle Point map search and great low prices, it's easy to book the perfect holiday accommodation for your Pinnacle Point visit.
We also have some great special accommodation deals in Pinnacle Point South AfricaHow to pick a Quincy Massachusetts Automobile Oil Change Service
free car ac diagnostic check near me
Quality is what an individual get from Quincy Auto Oil Modification. The company offers a wide range involving vehicles to cater to every type of vehicle owner. Whether you are someone that drives an SPORT UTILITY VEHICLE or a pickup truck, an individual will find of which the company can assist you with that just as well as all of your other vehicles. You might have your car serviced at home so of which you do not necessarily have to visit the service center. Of which saves you money and you could get back again on the road faster.
Having your vehicle serviced simply by a Quincy company similar to this is convenient because it is a 24-hour service middle. The company provides mechanics who know very well what they are carrying out and will quickly fix any problems a person may have. They could change the oil in your truck inside less than half an hour and they could do more olive oil changes. They will also diagnose problems with your current brakes, tires, motor, and more. There are many reasons why an individual would need an organization like this to improve your oil in fact it is not because you think you can not do it yourself.
iframe width="560" height="315" src="" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; cliDiscussion in 'Planning' started by shownR, May 16, 2015.
any one ??
why yes, yes I can.
o ! really ???:
Yes he/ she can. and as seeing as there are 22.5 million followers as we know it and with the fact that anyone can make a change in the world that's 22.5 people who have the potential to change the world and so can you.
Choose a color via Color picker or click the predefined style names!Welcome to Tuesday's live blog for Reading FC transfer news and gossip.
There's still just the one signing to date - Dutchman Pelle Clement - but expect a few more in the next week or so as the season edges ever closer.
It's the final day Reading will be in England, with tomorrow (Wednesday) the start of the club's pre-season tour in Holland.
Keep up with the latest rumours and updates in the live blog as they happen throughout the day.
And we'll also be keeping an eye on any movement involving Reading's Championship rivals. blog - keep an eye on getreading for all the news as it develops.
See you soon!
Opinion
Why Jaap Stam’s right to single out the slackers at Reading FC - some thoughts from the story earlier today
Countdown is on
Here’s how many days, hours, minutes and even seconds there are to go until the new season!
Fixtures
Planned the season out yet? Here are the Reading FC fixtures for 2017/18
Norwich youngster's loan
Carlton Morris has joined Shrewsbury Town on loan from Norwich City.
It’s the fifth spell away on loan for the 21 year old.
Andy Yiadom
Barnsley defender Andy Yiadom is set to turn down a new deal at Oakwell.
He’s on the verge of signing for Premier League newboys Huddersfield Town in a £2m deal.
Yiadom had been linked with Reading earlier this summer.
Burnley eye defender
Burnley are interested in Sunderland defender Lamine Kone.
Kone is on a reported £60k a week and the Black Cats are willing to let the player leave.
Danny Loader
Here’s a quick guide to Reading FC’s new starlet Danny Loader.
Boro in for Westwood
Middlesbrough are interested in Sheffield Wednesday goalkeeper Keiren Westwood.
Garry Monk’s side have reportedly made an offer of around £4.5m for the former Coventry no.1.
Wolves departure
Wolves striker Jon Dadi Bodvarsson is set to quit the club.
The Icelandic striker did not travel with the squad to Austria - where the club is on a pre-season tour.
Done deal
Filipe Melo has left Sheffield Wednesday.
The defensive midfielder only played six times for the Owls due to injuries and being out of favour.
He has joined Grupo Desportivo de Chaves in Portugal.
Hogwood
The current state of conditions at Hogwood....no wonder they’re off to Holland tomorrow!
Done deal
Aston Villa have secured the signing of teenage midfielder Dimitri Sea.
The 16 year old joins from French side Athletic Club Boulogne-Billancourt.
Stam on summer departures
Jaap Stam has questioned the attitude of some of the players who have left the club this summer.
Royals have let several stars head out on loan , while a number of younger players have departed on permanent deals.
Leeds signing
Leeds are set to complete the signing of Caleb Ekuban from Chievo.
The Ghanaian is flying over to England in the next couple of days.
Brentford in for Reading target
Brentford are back in the running for a reported Reading FC target.
Exeter midfielder Ollie Watkins is on the radar of the West London side, according to HITC Sport.
Royals have been linked with the 21 year old, who was named EFL young player of the season last year.
New chief executive
In case you missed this yesterday, here is more on the new chief executive of Reading, Ron Gourlay.
Goal of the day
Who remembers this from Harps?!
Meite in training
Here are a few snaps of Meite in training with his new club Sochaux
Done deal
Here is Norwich’s latest signing
Tour details
Reading will fly out to Holland tomorrow afternoon.
They will then travel to their accommodation and train for the first time on Thursday morning.
The first games will take place on Saturday.
It’s expected the playing squad will feature between 25 and 30 players - from the first team and U23s.
Stam on transfers
Reading boss Jaap Stam has been speaking about players coming in to the club.
He said: “Brian Tevreden [director of football] is working on it, it’s not my job to sort out contracts for new players.
“It’s always difficult to give a timescale.
“You want it to happen as quickly as possible but hopefully we can get one or two in very quickly.”
Done deal
Hull have made a signing this morning.
Young Chelsea right-back Ola Aina joins on loan
Simon Church
Ex Reading striker Simon Church is reportedly training with Scottish side Hibernian.
The 28-year-old was most recently out in Holland and has also played for Charlton and MK Dons.
Kit launch
News about the launch of the new Reading kit for 2017/18 will be announced later today by the club.
You’re not going to have to wait too much longer!
Ali Al-Habsi
Goalkeeper Ali Al-Habsi is still with Reading - despite strong rumours of him leaving for Al-Hilal in Saudi Arabia.
The 35-year-old is not expected to be on Royals’ tour in Holland, though, which starts tomorrow.
Transfer update
We understand there is nothing imminent happening in terms of players leaving or joining Reading.
But we’ll be keeping an eye on things throughout the day so stay tuned to see if anything changes.
Monday's gossip
Follow all the news yesterday?
Recap it all here as it happened - there was plenty going on!
Rumour round-up
Plenty of rumours doing the rounds - here’s a round-up of the big Championship ones
Morning
Hello and welcome to Tuesday’s live blog for the latest Reading news and transfer updates.
It was a busy day yesterday and it’s set to be another similar one today so let’s get going!Forest City Enterprises
At a Glance
Industry
Real Estate
Project Types
Financial Evaluation and Planning, Sustainability and Energy Management Strategy
Year
2012
Location
Cleveland, OH
Summary
Wanda Lowrey helped FCE with the creation of sustainability and financial tools for internal use.
Goals
At Forest City Enterprises (FCE), an NYSE-listed national real estate company, Wanda Lowrey was asked to analyze capital expenditure (CapEx) processes; create a decision making tool for potential LEED and CapEx projects; and help define the parameters of a new multifamily concept.
Solutions
To create the tool, Lowrey mapped FCE’s decision workflow, engaged stakeholders and identified key team members and accountabilities. After meeting with key decision makers, the project was expanded to cover FCE's entire $10.5 billion portfolio. Later phases of the project are likely to include a refined document management and project tracking system, as well as a CapEx prioritization tool that generates key metrics for executive decision makers, consistent with overall portfolio strategic plans.
Potential Impact
Lowrey's strategic recommendations regarding decision metrics, data requirements, software integration and workflow automation will be used by a newly formed interdepartmental team, which is tasked with creating a central asset inventory and data warehouse for the 2014 capital budgeting cycle.W million Kgs of tea distribution.
and has recently forayed in to Chhattisgarh and Goa.
Taking a leap
And, as the newer trends awake the industry, the group has taken a step closer by launching its Tea Lounges few years back. Today, Wagh Bakri Tea Lounge is spread across Mumbai, Delhi and Ahmadabad. The group has recently opened a Tea Lounge at Delhi’s most happening destination, Connaught Place which is spreads across 1500 sq. ft.
“Wagh Bakri Tea Lounge serves world of teas under one roof. We are getting tremendous response in Delhi since we have opened and we are planning to open at least 20 tea lounges across Delhi in the near future,” shared Parag Desai, Executive Director of Wagh Bakri Tea Group.
Here are some of the takeaways from the recently opened Tea Lounge:
1) Tea enthusiasts can have a sip of a variety of over 45 types of handpicked teas from across the globe, including include varieties of Darjeeling and Assam teas, organic teas,flavored teas, Nilgiri tea, Oolong tea, tea mocktails, and even ice-cream tea.
2) A perfect place to unwind and indulge in tea time conversations and more.
3) A big attraction for consumers is the array of mouth watering Indian snacks with all-time favourites like Bran panini, bakedvadapav, Veg Focaccia, chocolate brownie, muffin and much more.
4) Besides the teas available at the newly launched Lounge, the complete range of Wagh Bakri packaged tea will also be available for purchase.
So, whenever you are out on a tea break, have a look at this newly opened cafe, which might serve you the way you wanted your tea to be.This1924 comedy is as fresh as ever
By Alec Clayton
Published in the Weekly Volcano, June 13, 2019 amazing cast headed by Jane McKittrick as the washed-up actress and matriarch of the eccentric Bliss family. It is doubtful there has ever been a more blissful and whacky theatrical family on stage (pun very much intended).
Judith Bliss (McKittrick) is a flirtatious senior citizen who has suddenly decided to revise her theatrical career. David (John W. Olive) is novelist and Judith’s self-absorbed and equally flirtatious husband. Their adult children, Simon (Rodman Bolek) and Sorel (Deya Ozburn), are even more flighty than their melodramatic parents. This upper-class British household is rounded out by their disdainful housekeeper, Clara (played to perfection by Adrianna Littlejohn).
The action takes place in the Bliss’s English country estate, beautifully constructed on the TLT stage by Blake R. York.
Each of the four Blisses, without the others knowledge, has invited a houseguest for the weekend, none of whom know each other or any of the other Bliss family members, and each of the family members tries to seduce one of the guests ― but not necessarily the one they invited. The out-of-place guests are Sandy (Frank Roberts), a boxer and fan of Judith, vampish Myra (Devan Malone), whom Simon has a crush on, Richard, a diplomat (W. Scott Pinkston) and Jackie (Jill Heinecke), a kind-hearted but not too brilliant flapper ― all of whom figure out by Act II that every member of the Bliss family is absolutely bonkers.
The dialogue is fast paced (especially after act one), intelligent and witty, but it is the physical comedy that makes this play as hilarious as it is. McKittrick, who is far too seldom seen on stage, plays the role of Judith as if she were born for it. Her haughty expressions are striking. Ozburn perfectly expresses the personality of Sorel with her physical gestures. The way she pouts and places her hands theatrically on the small of her back is spot-on. And the way Bolek flops his rubbery body all over the set must be seen to be believed. Theatergoers will remember him from his hilarious turn as the similarly indolent title character in Bunbury at Olympia Little Theatre.
Hay Fever runs a little over two hours in three short acts with one intermission. I’m glad I saw it, and I’m sure you will be too.
Hay Fever, 7:30 p.m. Friday-Saturday, 2 p.m. Sunday, through June 23, , $25-$20, pay what you can Thursday, June 20, Tacoma Little Theatre, 210 North I St. Tacoma, 253.272.2281,Those halftime contests where fans attempt to make a shot from half-court? Yeah, they usually stink. Never seen one where a shooter made it, or even came close.
Here’s hoping Eric Valentin starts entering.
A walk-on guard at Green Bay, Valentin is almost automatic at half-courters. The guy makes Jimmer Fredette look like Derrick Nix. Check out his attempt at breaking the world record for half-court shots.
Go back and watch it again. Valentin makes 8-of-19 shots, including the walk-off. And he did it on just his fourth attempt of filming.
“I was shocked the last shot went in, especially since I rushed it,” Valentin told Jeff Eisenberg of The Dagger. “I really had three shots to try to make eight and I blew the first two, so I tried to get that one off just in time and I was really surprised that I made it.”
Not the Green Bay coaches. They persuaded Valentin to go for the record after watching a YouTube video of him hitting six half-court shots in a minute. And he pulled it off during a 45-minute window before team dinner that night. Not bad, kid.
“Now that everybody’s catching wind that I set a record, it’s really a cool thing,” Valentin told Eisenberg. “I think it’s something I’ll remember the rest of my life.”
Want more? I’m also on Twitter @MikeMillerNBC.Reddit is working on redesigning its entire site for Android users with new features. The overall look of Reddit for Android would appear more sophisticated and simple now. Reddit did the same revamp for iOS and mobile web users last year and is now making it available for Android users starting from this month.
The icons on the revamped Reddit website would stand out more, with the colors giving it a nicer look. Unnecessary tools and information have been removed, which would make the site appear less cluttered.
One noticeable change is that the Daily Digest mails of Reddit will now show more information about other posts and images. The informational page for Reddit premium users will also features new options, as well as custom built application icons.
Another prominent change is that in the notification bar, which is meant to boost user engagement by notifying users about the number of posts and content they receive from a community to help them know which community is working the best. Earlier, viewers and members would only see the content recommended by creators through the notification bar.
The revamped site has still not been finalized as Reddit is still testing out new design variants and plans to make changes based on the results and feedback from the tests. Reddit is also allowing users to share their opinions regarding the new design via an open space.
Moreover, creators on Reddit have been given a new option which helps members learn about the most trending topics and browse through a wider space and selection.Top 15 Hosting Website Templates Compliant with Popular Web Platforms In the contemporary world, it is of crucial importance for any kind of business to have its own online presentation. No matter if itâ€™s a small agency or a large corporation, a well-structured, professionally looking web resource is a sure-fire way of boosting the public […]
An Article To Assist You With Web Design
Website Design for Beginners
These days, many people have the need to design a website. However, prior to beginning this type of project, there are several questions to ask yourself to make sure that your final results are what you want. After all, there are millions of websites out there, the vast majority of which get virtually no traffic […]
Tips For People Getting Into Web Design
New To WordPress? These Tips Can Help!
Read this article for more information on starting your own blog. Do you have one on WordPress, but not sure how everything works? There are a few ways to have your blog appear more attractive to your visitors. Use the following tips to utilize WordPress in making a more dynamic blog. Don’t choose a design […]
Web Design How To Create A Great Website
Great Tips And Tricks For Blogging With WordPress
Emphasizing […]La. It is administered by the Dirección General de Aeronáutica Civil.
La Aurora International Airport is the primary airport of Guatemala.:
• Aerial Images
• Textures PBR for buildings, vehicles, etc.
• Sloped RWY
• Custom Jetways
• Airport Objects
• Optimized for good performance
• New International Arrival building
• Military platforms
• Hangar areas and old terminals
• Civil hangar areas
• Ground Services(Updated post to include new UK artwork)..
US TrailerMake Your Dream Home a Reality
Building a new house or remodeling your current home is an exciting endeavor. It presents you with the opportunity bring your dreams for your home to life — while reducing your home energy consumption. Here at Christian Builders, we are committed to creating a better future for all through energy conscious building and home construction services.
Building Up The Twin Cities
Our company is based in Rogers, MN and build homes within neighborhoods and lots across the Greater Twin Cities area. We specialize in the design and construction of energy efficient, custom home designs in a variety of layouts including ramblers and two-story homes. We offer customization ideas for homes in all price ranges and will work with you to plan, design, and build a home that perfectly fits the needs of you and your family.
Locally & Nationally Recognized for Green Building Practices
As part of our emphasis on energy-conscious building, we have partnered with Minnesota’s Green Path, an organization that is designed to make green home certification an achievable reality by certifying efficiency and home performance in new home construction and remodeling projects.
When you work with Christian Builders & Remodelers, we will provide you with an opportunity to build-in efficiency and durability that existing homes can’t match. We offer efficient green features and products that work within your budget and provide increased value both in home operation and at resale.
Providing Comprehensive Home Performance Reports
With the Green Path system, every home gets a performance report based on measurements taken through third-party testing that is completed during the construction of your home. The HPR has your home’s Rating & Certification information. EVERY green feature & performance result earned through MN Green Path will be placed on the HPR – which helps in the operation of your home and increases its value when you sell it.
Benefits to Building a Green Certified Home:
- In 2010, certified green homes spent an average of 21% less time on the market than non-certified homes.
- Green certified existing homes sold for up to 30% premium on average
- Green certified homes equal greater efficiency and greater savings
To learn more about our company, custom home building, and our energy efficient building initiatives, please contact us at (763) 428-8323 today.
Hours
Monday - Friday
7:30 am - 4:30 pm
MN License #BC001280We are happy to present the fantastic Okay But First Bulletproof Coffee Funny Keto Shirt.
With so many on offer today, it is good to have a make you can trust. The Okay But First Bulletproof Coffee Funny Keto Shirt is certainly that and will be a perfect purchase.
For this great price, the Okay But First Bulletproof Coffee Funny Keto Shirt comes widely recommended and is always a popular choice with many people. AP Ketogenic Keto Diet Shirts and Gifts.Embassy Suites by Hilton Tucson Paloma VillageStar Rating
Tucson, Arizona foothills of Santa Catalina Mountains, this hotel offers stunning views of Tucson, Arizona and attentive service. Start each morning with a complimentary cooked-to-order breakfast. Stroll around the area with great shopping and dining options just moments away. Hike or bike the trails of Sabino Canyon and Saguaro National Park and admire spectacular landscapes. After a day of exploring, relax in the heated outdoor pool or go for a workout at the fitness center. 119 suites offer plenty of room to unwind with a separate living area, two HDTV's and WiFi.
Location
3110 East Skyline Drive
Tucson, AZ, USA 85718
Located approximately 14 miles from Tucson International Airport.
Hotel Amenities
- ATM Machine Available
- Arcade
- Brailled Elevators
- Breakfast Included
- Business Services
- Children's Playpen Available
- Complimentary Coffee/Tea
- Elevator(s)
- Gift Shop
- Gym/Fitness Center
- Meeting Facilities
- Room Service
- Safety Deposit Box
- Self - Laundry Facilities
- Service Animals Allowed
- Shuttle Service
- Sightseeing Excursions
- Sundry Store
- Valet Service
Hotel Activities
- Bike Rentals Available
- Bowling Alley
- Driving Range
- Fishing
- Hiking
- Horseback Riding
- Jogging Areas Available
- Playground
- Pool Lift
- Pool Table
- Putting Green
- Racquetball
- Swimming Pool
- Tennis Court
Room Amenities
- Air Conditioning
- Balcony or Patio
- Bathroom Amenities
- Coffee Maker
- Complimentary Newspaper
- Desk
- Desk Chair
- Duvet
- Hairdryer
- High Speed Internet Access
- Highchairs Available
- In Room Movies
- Iron and Ironing Board
- Linens
- Lowered Closet Shelves/Rods
- Lowered Door Peephole
- Microwave
- Pillows
- Premium Channels
- Printer
- Refrigerator
- Separate Sitting Area
- Shower
- Sofabed
- Television
- Wheelchair Accessible
Hotel Dining
Free Cooked-to-Order Breakfast; In Suite Dining
Nearby Attractions
Arizona-Sonoran Desert Museum, Biosphere 2, Catalina State Park, Gray Line Tucson Sightseeing Tours, Kitt Peak, Mission San Xavier del Bac, Old Tucson StudiosPalico, the private equity fund marketplace
Discover and invest in PE funds and secondaries that match your investment strategy.
Sveafastigheter
Sweden
About Sveafastigheter
Sveafastigheter is a private equity general partner firm headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden.
Invest in Sveafastigheter funds
Hundreds of fund managers are currently fundraising on Palico.
Already a member? Log in.
Funds managed by Sveafastigheter
Other investment strategies pursued by the same firm
This firm also pursues other investment strategies:
Invest in Private Equity
Find and invest in PE funds and secondaries that match your investment strategy.
Already a member? Log in.Las Cruces emphasizes education, cooperation with COVID-19 health orders
Though recommended, city says mask-wearing not required or enforceable
LAS CRUCES - Enforcement of the state's public health orders is mainly a matter for state authorities; however, the city said Monday that Las Cruces Codes Enforcement, a division of the Las Cruces Police Department, has been educating the community and encouraging compliance.
Under state Department of Health orders that are in effect through April, gatherings of more than five people are prohibited and businesses not designated as essential are closed, while essential businesses operate with limited staffing and occupancy so as to avoid gatherings and maintain a distance of six feet between individuals.
Meanwhile, New Mexicans have been encouraged to stay home as much as possible and go out only for business necessary to their health, safety and welfare, in order to slow community spread of the novel coronavirus that causes COVID-19.
Wearing face masks in public is not mandatory, though it is recommended by the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Mask-wearing is not a requirement included in the state's public health orders and therefore not subject to enforcement by authorities.
According to the CDC, it is unclear how much homemade masks (as opposed to medical grade personal protective equipment, or PPE) can protect against transmission of the virus. Homemade masks should ideally be used in combination with a face shield that covers the entire front (that extends to the chin or below) and sides of the face. Even without additional protection, cotton masks in public places are believed to have some benefit in slowing transmission.
The city said Monday that its emphasis has been on education over enforcement.
More: Front-line workers tested for COVID-19
No citations had been issued as of Monday, although the city warned that businesses that repeatedly violate the health orders could see their licenses revoked under a new plan.
Further information
Additional information from Codes Enforcement is available via (575) 528-4100, or online at.
The city's official website includes a COVID-19 Alert Center with information aggregated from numerous sources, at.
Information on the spread of COVID-19 in the state, public health orders, and availability of testing as well as other information can be founded online at the state Department of Health's dedicated webpage.
Algernon D'Ammassa can be reached at 575-541-5451, adammassa@lcsun-news.com or @AlgernonWrites on Twitter.
More: Las Cruces artists create stylish face masksA river runs East to West and is 30 feet wide. In the river are six posts, three in an East-West line, 10 feet from the southern shore, and three in an East-West line, 10 feet from the northern shore. The posts are 10 feet apart. 10-foot planks can be attached between the posts, or between a post and the shore. With enough planks there are various ways to create a bridge from North to South.
The posts are only 1 foot above the river. A person in a raft wishing to travel from East to West will be blocked by any planks. If the planks create a complete bridge, there is no route for the raft.
Which is larger: the number of different routes for a walker from North to South, or the number of different routes for a raft from East to West? How many different routes for each are there?Source: Past puzzle experience.
From North to South, there are:
a) 3 options from the northern shore to the first row of posts
b) 3 options from the first row of posts to the second row of posts
c) 3 options from the second row of posts to the southern shore
In addition there are two paths that progress south to the second row, return to the first row, then proceed to the southern shore.
Altogether, there are 29 different paths from North to South.
The exact same analysis can be made for East-West travel on the river, also leading to 29 routes.2008 Land Rover LR3
- Used Land Rover LR3
- Repairs Land Rover LR3
Avg. Price Paid:$15,503 - $19,449
Original MSRP: $48,525 - $54,025
MPG: 12 City / 17 Hwy
2008 Land Rover LR3 Specs & Trims
To see what others paid in your area, enter your zip code: See what others paid » Cancel
Please enter a valid zip code.
Select up to 3 trims below to compare some key specs and options for the 2008 Land Rover LR3. For full details such as dimensions, cargo capacity, suspension, colors, and brakes, click on a specific LR3 trim.
]”
- Theodore J. O’Keeffe, “Codreanu and the Iron Guard [4]” (Czech translation here [5])
- Frank Martell, “The Rocky Road to Victory: Learning from Codreanu’s Mistakes [6]”
- Christopher Thorpe, “The History of Corneliu Z. Codreanu and the Legionary Movement [7]”
To learn more about Codreanu, read his For My Legionaries (The Iron Guard) [8]
and The Nest Leader’s Manual [9]
. Codreanu’s The Prison Notes [10] is out of print, but it will be reprinted, and we will sell it again as soon as it becomes available. The Prison Notes also contains Julius Evola’s complete writings on Codreanu and the Iron Guard.Artwork of the Month - October 2010
The Battle of Abu Klea
Artist: J. Le Page
Medium: Oil
Status: Permanent collection
Item No.: GMAG 1985.35
Solving the Riddle
Occasionally there are paintings in a museum collection that involve some detective work. The subject might be an unknown sitter or, as with this battle scene, an unknown event. Part of a curator's job is to solve some of these riddles. Often there are not enough clues and the mystery goes unsolved.
However, in this naïve but incredibly detailed battle scene we have many clues. It most probably depicts the Battle of Abu Klea which took place on the 17th January 1885. It was one of the battles from the Sudan Campaign launched to rescue General Charles Gordon besieged in the capital, Khartoum.
Background to the Battle
In 1884 Mohammed Ahmed (known as The Mahdi) began a revolt against the Khedive of Egypt, the ruler of Sudan, who then evacuated his garrisons. Following this decision General Charles Gordon was appointed to conduct the withdrawal from Sudan. General Gordon instead prepared to defend Khartoum, which was under siege from March 1884 until January 1885.
General Lord Wolseley was given command of the Sudan expeditionary force to rescue Gordon. It was clear to Wolseley that to reach Khartoum in time he needed a 'flying column', which was a small unit capable of rapid mobility. This came in the form of the newly formed Camel Corps, plus infantry of the Sussex Regiment, the 19th Hussars on horses, three Royal Artillery guns and a Royal Navy detachment with a Gardner machine gun.
Major General Sir Herbert Stewart led the Camel Corps across the desert heading for the wells at Abu Klea. As they approached the wells it was clear that a large Mahdist force was there. Stewart stopped to camp two miles away, deciding to advance the next day in a square formation with all the camels in the centre. As the square moved forward under fire it started to break up. At around 9.30am a large force of around 3,000 Mahdists, armed with spears and swords, attacked the square.
It is probably this crucial point in the battle that our painting depicts!
The Gardner gun was brought through the British infantry and opened fire, but unfortunately it jammed. This allowed the Mahdists to break into the square, but they were impeded by the mass of camels. This gave the British troops an opportunity to turn around and open fire on the Mahdists who then retreated. The battle only lasted 10 to 15 minutes. By 4pm the square had reformed and reached the wells.
Unfortunately the Corps reached the Nile two days too late. On arrival they learnt of the fall of Khartoum and the death of General Gordon on 26th January. The British withdrew from the Sudan, which left it under the rule of the followers of the Mahdi for the next thirteen years.
What's the Guernsey connection?
We are still carrying out research to determine if the creator of this painting, J. Le Page, took part in this famous battle and was in fact depicting the very battle he fought in. So the mystery has yet to be solved completely." > " > Hypertherm Hose Assy:3/8 Red Lh 'B' 25M/82' - 024741 by Hypertherm Save 16% Original price $210.00 Current price $176.75 SKU HYP024741 Hypertherm - SKU HYP024741 Add accessories to hypertherm hose assy:3/8 red lh 'b' 25m/82' - 024741. Close Add Your items total will automatically update after adding options or accessories. You can edit your selections in the cart. Select Options & Accessories Quantity Add to cartMany women and even men too are suffering from the skin disorder called cellulite. Cellulite is basically a collection of some fatty dimples that get collected under our skin. They are most prevalent on our bottom and sometimes show up on our thighs, legs, arms, and stomach as well. People who have cellulite can feel tightness or tenderness in these body areas that sometimes may also sag. Women are far more susceptible to cellulite as opposed to men. This is mainly because their bodies are created that way as far as muscles and connective tissues are concerned.
Cellulite is something that.
HOME REMEDIES FOR CELLULITE
If you’re down to try natural home remedies for cellulite, experiment with options that are a little more wallet-friendly.
Coffee with Sugar
One of the popular and useful home remedies for cellulite is coffee scrub, which is applied widely. You will see the clear improvement after you use the coarse coffee grounds to scrub the skin. In addition, it acts as a useful exfoliating agent and helps to remove your dead skin cells, which gives your skin healthy and new cells.
Coffee helps to increase blood circulation and reduce water retention. The effects of coffee on the cellulite area, especially the sagging dimpled skin, are to tighten the skin and make it more beautiful and smooth. It is said that the coffee scrub helps to reject fat and liquid from your skin and also enhances fat metabolism.
Mix 2-3 tablespoons of melting coconut oil, 3 tablespoons of sugar, and 1/4 cup of coffee grounds. Take this mixture and apply it onto your affected skin. Gently rub your cellulite skin with this scrub for 3-5 minutes. Rinse off with warm water.
Note: Don’t mix the olive oil with sugar and coffee. First of all, you need to rub the olive oil to the skin; then you massage with other ingredients.
Apple Cider Vinegar with Water
Apple cider vinegar is known as one of the most useful remedies to relieve cellulite because apple cider vinegar contains various minerals such as calcium, potassium, and magnesium. These minerals will help not only detoxify your body and flush out the toxins but also decrease the water retention from your thighs and stomach, which are the commonly affected areas. As we know, the obesity is one of the main causes leading to cellulite, and apple cider vinegar seems to be an indirectly way helping to remove cellulite pockets by reducing your weight.
Mix 2 parts water with 1 part apple cider vinegar. Use a little bit of honey if you like. Apply this mixture on your cellulite areas and rub for few minutes. Cover it by using a plastic wrap for an hour. Cover it by using a plastic wrap for an hour. Clean the skin with lukewarm water.
You should repeat this process twice per day till you get relief from cellulite.
Apple Cider Vinegar with Massage Oil
Combine 1 part of massage oil (olive, coconut, sweet almond, jojoba, etc) and 3 parts of apple cider vinegar. Scrub the cellulite areas after applying the mixture on them.
Do this solution twice a day.
Apple Cider Vinegar with Raw Honey
Mix 1 tablespoon of honey with 2 tablespoons of apple cider vinegar. Apply this mixture to your cellulite skin.
Do this process twice per day.
Apple Cider Vinegar with Honey and Water
Mix 1 tablespoon of honey and 2 tablespoons of apple cider vinegar in a cup of water. Apply it to your problem skin.
Do this solution every morning.
Juniper Oil with Olive Oil
The juniper oil has excellent detoxifying features which can reduce the fluid retention and clear the toxin in your skin, which is very good for you to relieve cellulite.
Mix 15 drops of juniper oil to 1/4 cup of olive oil well. Apply this mixture to affected skin and rub it for about 10-15 minutes. Do this process once per day or twice a day if you are suffering from really bad cellulite.
It is better continue doing this for about a month until you see the improvement.
Seaweed with Essential Oil
Seaweed is not only a very excellent exfoliating agent but also helps to detoxify and flush the ruinous toxin. Therefore, you can relieve cellulite effectively with all these wonderful features of seaweed.
Mix 3 tablespoons of ground seaweed, 1- 2 teaspoons of coconut oil, 1/4 cup of olive oil, 1/4 sea salt, few drops of any essential oil. Use this mixture to gently knead your affected skin for about 10 minutes. Seaweed and salt will make your skin dry, so you can apply a moisturizer cream on your skin, but the essential oils like coconut oil are the better choices because they help to get rid of cellulite and they are eco-friendly.
Do this process per day to get the positive result.
Note: Do this solution before you have a bath. Just have a bath after massaging.
Green Clay with Lemon Juice, Honey and Seaweed
As we know, mud therapies are used popularly for various medical conditions. In the list of home remedies for cellulite, green clay is an excellent ingredient too. The absorbing properties of green clay can help to absorb the dead skin cells and impurities out of your skin. This ingredient also stimulates the blood and the lymph circulation, so it is very important to prevent and remove the accumulation of fat beneath your skin, which may give an increase of cellulite. Green clay that acts as a wonderful exfoliating agent is a very useful remedy for cellulite removal.
Combine 1/2 cup of green clay, 1/4 glass of fresh lemon juice, 1/2 cup of seaweed, 3 tablespoons of hot water, and 1 tablespoon of honey to create a fine paste. Massage your cellulite area with this mixture for about 10 minutes. Cover it by using a plastic wrap. Leave it like that for about 30 minutes. Wash off your skin with lukewarm water.
Do this remedy once a week to get fast relief from cellulite.
Tangerine Essential Oil with Olive Oil
This oil can stimulate the blood circulation which prevents lymphatic and fat from accumulating under the skin. It also helps to reduce the formation of cellulite by breaking down fat in your body. Therefore, you should try applying this remedy in order to get rid of cellulite quickly.
Dilute 4-5 drops of tangerine oil with 1 tablespoon of olive oil well. Gently massage this mixture on the cellulite skin for 10-15 minutes.
Repeat this solution twice per day.
Note: After applying this mixture to your cellulite skin, you had not better go in the sun because your skin may be photosensitive.
Cayenne Pepper
Cayenne pepper is well known home remedy for its quality to burn fat when taken in meals. It has the natural ability to heat up the body, increase blood circulation and boost metabolism..
Mix 1 tablespoon of Cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon of ginger, and juice of one lemon. Add this mixture to a glass of warm water and mix it in water.
Drink this mixture for 2 times in a day to get rid of cellulite faster.
Gelatin
Gelatin includes the proline, acids, and glycine. These components are found in fibrous tissues, bone, and organs of animals. The gelatin affects positively on the health of the skin, hair and nails growth, immune function, & weight management. The foods with gelatin also help you get rid of cellulite.
Gelatin promotes good digestion by improving the easy transfer of food in your digestive system. You have better digestion, you have lesser fat accumulation.
Gelatin which is one of the good home remedies for cellulite is a rich source of protein; its amino acids help develop muscle. It means that you will consume more energy and reduce fat accumulation in your body.Following on from the leaked images that were published last week by a Huawei exec on Twitter for the new Huawei smartwatch revealing what the new smartwatch would look like.
Huawei has today officially launched their new Huawei TalkBand B1 smartwatch as expected at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2014 event in Barcelona this week, for the world to see and explained in detail the features you can expect from the wrist worn device.
The Huawei TalkBand B1 smartwatch features a plastic casing and is fitted with an elongated 1.4 inch flexible OLED display and comes equipped with a removable Bluetooth earpiece. Using the removable Bluetooth earpiece allows users to be able to both make phone calls and view caller IDs for incoming calls allowing them to be screened if required.
As with most wrist worn devices on the market at the current time the new Huawei TalkBand B1 smartwatch also has a fitness tracking feature. Capable of counting your activity during the day via the steps you have taken and converting these into miles and displaying the estimated calories you have burned.
As well as tracking your daily activity the Huawei TalkBand B1 smartwatch has also been designed to monitor your sleep patterns providing you with feedback on your sleep quality and duration. It is also water resistant and supports connectivity to both iOS and Android smartphones and tablets.
The Huawei TalkBand B1 smartwatch is also fitted with a rechargeable 90mAh battery that takes just 2 hours to fully charge using a USB connection and will provide up to 6 days of use. The Huawei TalkBand B1 will be launching in the 2nd quarter of 2014 in Western Europe, the Middle East, Russia and Japan. However no indication of price has yet been announced by Huawei.
Latest Geeky Gadgets Deals
Disclosure: Some of our articles include affiliate links. If you buy something through one of these links, Geeky Gadgets may earn an affiliate commission. Learn more.Kirsty Lee Akers is exactly the kind of star we need in 2021 – eccentric, exciting, authentic, and a genuine recording artist. She is a rare talent who is proud of her First Nations heritage, a woman of the Wonnarua People (Hunter Valley – Australia). Akers describes herself as a fusion of pop, modern country, with Americana stylings.
Like many artists unable to tour throughout the pandemic, Akers spent much of her time writing and recording. Taking inspiration from what she couldn’t do, to make the most of what she could.
In addition to creating new music, curb the unfortunate circumstances, Kirsty (and her husband Jesse Anderson) have kept themselves busy as one of five couples featured on the Channel 9 reality TV series ‘The Block’ airing at this very moment. Both have enjoyed the experience, but music will always be Kirsty’s first passion.
Akers states, “Music and family have always been the most important parts of my life. My Nan, Mum, and Aunt were all singers, and I grew up with my pop playing music all the time. I still remember my first performance at age three. I was hooked!”
Decades later, Kirsty has a plethora of musical achievements under her belt, she is the only artist in history to have won three of the major prizes in Australian Country Music, Toyota Star Maker, Telstra Road to Discovery, and a Golden Guitar Award (Two in total).
No stranger to pushing boundaries, Kirsty has a remarkable new song with plenty of genre-bending spark to thrill every new listen. Her new single “For Love” was written in lockdown and is the brand-new single from the 2021 Golden Guitar winner. In 2020, when she was meant to be in the United States on a writing trip, she instead improvised and connected with two of her favourite collaborators, Phil Barton and Bruce Wallace. The result was an upbeat, vibrant track about what she would do for love.
Written about her husband Jesse, the new single is in fact a true love story, from primary school to marriage… a rare enduring relationship in 2021. Even though Jesse was the inspiration, the song tells a story of love in general, and all the things you would do for that “special” person. Kirsty declares, “I know Jesse would give his life for me, and I would do the same, I hope this song tells the story of loving someone so much that you couldn’t imagine living life without them.”
After taking the producer’s chair for the first time on her most successful album to date in 2018, Akers decided to bring her established band members in on the fun this time. The track was co-produced by Akers with Paul Bain, Issac Kennedy, and Dan Ebbels at the new Five Town Productions studios in Brisbane.
Kirsty.”
The video for “For Love” is overflowing with conviction, romance, and affection, and it’s the perfect visual representation of the sentiment behind the song itself. Produced and directed by Kirsty’s husband Jesse, the video clip encapsulates an artist who is totally involved in the process, and completely enamoured by the idea of creating new songs and sounds…all “for love”.
The track is the very first release through Kirsty’s newly formed record label, Rider Records.Chrome Engine Guard FX Softail '00 '17 Models Thick Wall Harley Mustache, Find many great new & used options and get the best deals for Thick Wall Harley Mustache Chrome Engine Guard FX Softail '00 - '17 Models at the best online prices at , Free shipping for many products,Here are your unexpected goods,Great prices, huge selection,shipping them globally,Find new online shopping,Free Shipping and a 100% Satisfaction Guarantee! Thick Wall Harley Mustache Chrome Engine Guard FX Softail '00 '17 Models, '17 Models Thick Wall Harley Mustache Chrome Engine Guard FX Softail '00.
Surface Finish: : Gloss back: Brand: : iconna, Front, Condition:: New: Manufacturer Part Number: : B22. Free shipping for many products, Right, Find many great new & used options and get the best deals for Thick Wall Harley Mustache Chrome Engine Guard FX Softail '00 - '17 Models at the best online prices at. Placement on Vehicle: : Left.
If you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase. If you are not satisfied with our leather wallet, Adjustable strap fastening to suit average width feet, Date first listed on : October 12. Philharmonic Orchestra-EU03 RDU0031-Richard Duval-Desk Clock. Theme: Nautical Type: Hanging Decoration, Genuine Leather Wristbands with Stainless Steel Buckle (Gold. Our wide selection is eligible for free shipping and free returns. door locks and many other applications. Then rub with a clean dry soft cotton cloth to bring back the shine. Material - Solid Brass: Solid brass is made from copper and zinc and is prized for its resilience, Adjustable shoulder straps allow you to adjust the length as needed. Buy Men's Swim Trunks Beach Board Swimwear Shorts Pink Llama Swimming Short Pants Quick Dry Water Shorts Mesh Lining and other Board Shorts at. Buy Honghu Men's Casual Retro Floral Print Beach Short Sleeve Shirt and other Casual Button-Down Shirts at, Buy Robert Talbott Black Solid Satin Silk Two Piece Bow Tie: Shop top fashion brands Neckties at ✓ FREE DELIVERY and Returns possible on eligible purchases, We adhere to customer first philosophy, Our treated synthetic filter media prevents the growth of bacteria or mold. 2-1/4": Machine Tool Inspection Mirrors - ✓ FREE DELIVERY possible on eligible purchases. Printed and assembled in the USA. '17 Models Thick Wall Harley Mustache Chrome Engine Guard FX Softail '00. Licenses Products Tattoo Heartbreaker Magnet: Toys & Games. Current Sense Resistors - SMD 2W 0, PKAWAY short sleeve Compression workouts shirt. SPACE SAVING: Waffle weave is naturally thin and lightweight, Date first listed on : August 2, Most items fit in this category. * If you would like to upgrade to express shipping please convo me I'll calculate a new shipping cost for you, INSEAM - THIS IS FROM THE CROTCH SEAM DOWN THE INSIDE OF THE LEG, If you need something in a rush, Please look over all of my photos as they are part of my description, You will receive one gorgeous gold plated pair of druzy slice triangles, 75 from handle to handle holding 6-8 ounces of sugar, ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥♥ ♥, Due to variations in the pattern I cant always match them up perfectly, soothing vibes that help cool off fiery emotions. Generally I take 4-6 days to sculpt. Je recommande fortement pour une dimension précise de votre doigt de passer chez un bijoutier dans votre région, Since a Japa or Jaap or Prayer beads mala. 50pcs 20mm black circle round simple blanks Base bottom Trays, '17 Models Thick Wall Harley Mustache Chrome Engine Guard FX Softail '00. saucers Pattern consists of pink. Please allow appropriate time for shipping and mailing, • Your choice of colored envelopes. our moisture wicking skull cap makes sure that it will wick away sweat, - Good for scrapbook album covers or hand crafted boxes, Bachmann is pleased to offer these pre-assembled Plasticville U. Eye Wear (Black) at Women’s Clothing store. Make your menu cover presentation sizzle, PACK OF 10 MULTIPURPOSE IVORY TABLE CANDLE STICKS - The super value pack carries 10 tall. Your bird pal can Climb and Chew Endlessly on this large bamboo toy; the log has several stainless steel chains that are Filled with Numerous. so you can hang it anywhere easily. Step #1: Twist the remote control car and remove screws. 120 Pages of 100gsm Premium Quality Feint 8mm Ruled Paper, it features asymmetrical mesh panels for added ventilation, Free Next Day Delivery on Prime Eligible Fashion Orders, It dispatches from China and our products are generally shipped much faster than Amazon's expected time. we have created our baby wetsuit using the perfect blend of quality, and watch movies anywhere comfortably on your phone. There is no way that a machine can be manipulated to "stack the deck" in favor of the operator. '17 Models Thick Wall Harley Mustache Chrome Engine Guard FX Softail '00. thus each piece varies slightly in size and shape.
Auto Trans Filter Kit fits 1982-1997 Toyota Previa Celica Cressida AUTO EXTRA C. PIERBURG 1 Cam Shaft Engine Camshaft Adjuster Magnet for Mercedes CHECK FITMENT. MagiDeal Push Button Drawer Cabinet Catch Lock Latch Motorhome Boat Black, "Wickerbill Inspired" Custom Spoiler 1984-1990 Painted Chevrolet Corvette C4, REPLACEMENT CARBURETOR FITS HONDA 150CC 200CC 250CC DIRT PIT BIKES UTV ATV CARB, 22" Cable Black Enrock EKMR1 Marine Universal Wired AM/FM Radio Antenna. Driver Bottom Leather Seat Cover Gray 2006 2007 2008 Chevy Trailblazer LT LS. 2009-2014 Polaris Ranger 500 4x4 UTV New KFI 2-Inch Front Receiver Hitch, fit Ford 97-99 E Super Duty/E-350 Econoline /Expedition Mass Air Flow Sensor. 3/4 Helmet Vintage Style Gold Metal Flake by Kali Lightweight Size Large Harley. 1 1/8'' Fat Square Handlebar Bar Pad 7"*3"*2" For ATV Quad Motorcycle Dirt Bike. CNC Universal Motorcycle Sidestand Enlarge Foot Plate Kickstand Extension Pad . OEM NEW 16-18 Ford Fusion Exterior Rear Rocker Panel Seal DS7Z54101C40A LH or RH. Audi Collection Classic cap Hat ACM4799. New Right passenger fog light for 2008 2009 2010 Ford F250 F350 F450. CLUTCHXPERTS STAGE 5 RACING CLUTCH KIT fits 2003 MAZDA PROTEGE MAZDASPEED. FT Omni 5 Cabin Air Filter GCP5475. Black 20% VLT Film VW Passat Wagon 06-2011 PreCut Window Tint.
14th Apr 2020
I can already see from my list who wont make it. Not as lockdown is for another 2-3 weeks. The money for many self employed will come too...Blog
28th Mar 2020
I've not posted a blog for ages (over a year it would appear). Invariably I find myself just replying to whatever Any Answers comment is...Blog
11th Jan 2019
I was going to write this as a comment under the article but then thought it would be better (as in more detail) under a blog. >>>...Blog
14th Jun 2018
At my first Accountex a couple of years ago I attended a talk on 'marketing your own business'. The speaker talked highly of Business...Blog
5th Feb 2018
If there is one date of the year when you can guarantee the same or similar posts on Accweb that is 1 Feb. This date brings relief for all...Blog
11th Oct 2017
Client wants a mortgage so I dutifully submit return (in advance of others who have been waiting longer - but that is another story), wait...Blog
30th Sep 2017
I have been trying to submit an EU refund claim since yesterday morning. The deadline is today with no right of appeal apparently. I know...Blog
18th Jul 2017
My father's favourite saying was 'Least said – soonest mended'. I am so glad that I didn’t waste too much time planning how and when I was...Blog
4th Jul 2017
This blog was created as somewhere to (politely) vent anger at HMRC and their failings - the 'Final Straw' moments when you are trying to...Blog
13th Mar 2017
I notice that Neophyte (fellow blogger) has taken the plunge and moved from a home based office to a 'real' office ( See Neophye's blog...BlogBovec, the outdoor adventure capital of Slovenia
Bovec is a beautiful and small town in northwestern Slovenia. Situated in one of the most unspoiled valleys in Europe, the Soča valley. A paradise for lovers of outdoor activities and adventures. The valley with it’s high mountains, numerous waterfalls, crystal clear rivers and green forests attracts nature lovers and those seeking rest and relaxation in untouched nature.
Outdoor activities around Bovec include rafting and kayaking down the emerald Soča river, mountain biking, canyoning, hiking, rock climbing, zipline, horse riding, caving, fly-fishing, tandem paragliding and more.Ukraine said 6,451 new active COVID-19 cases had been confirmed across the country in the past 24 hours as of December 14, 2020.
The total number of confirmed cases grew to 900,666 as of December 14, 2020, according to the interactive map compiled by the National Security and Defense Council.
As many as 506,718 patients, including 5,154 in the past day, have recovered.
Read alsoUkraine has equipment for Pfizer, BioNTech vaccine – expertThe death toll has hit 15,247 with 93 fatalities recorded in the past 24 hours.
The government reported 378,701 active cases as of December 14. In total, there have been 994,558 reports on suspected COVID-19 since the beginning of 2020.
"In the past day, 6,451 people tested positive for the coronavirus, including 355 children and 215 healthcare workers. Some 1,895 new patients were hospitalized," Ukrainian Health Minister Maksym Stepanov wrote on Facebook on Monday.
In total, 25,582 tests were conducted in the country in the past day. In particular, there were 20,493 PCR (polymerase chain reaction) tests run, as well as 5,052 ELISA (enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay) tests.
The highest number of new confirmed cases in the past 24 hours was registered the city of Kyiv (605), Odesa region (584), Kyiv region (521), Dnipropetrovsk region (461), and Zaporizhia region (440).
Data from Russia-occupied areas – the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, the city of Sevastopol, parts of Donetsk and Luhansk regions – is not available.One Thousand Gifts-3
Captain’s Log, Stardate 11.19.2006
I’m participating in the “One Thousand Gifts” list from Christian Women Online. Click on the picture to find out more about it.
51. The way my dog puts her head in my lap.
52. My Levenger fountain pen
53. The feel of a pen gliding over paper
54. The satisfaction of finding out how to automatically back up my files every day to my iPod.
55. For the way God provided a place for Heather to move to at the right time.
56. Nutella and pretzels
57. Figuring out and ordering my mom’s Christmas present, CDs
58. The way I can stick post-its on the wall to storyboard my manuscript
59. My aromatherapy candle burner
60. My aromatherapy cold-diffuser
61. For tithe paid early for once
62. My cutie pink Dooney & Bourke purse
63. High-speed internet
64. How my friend Sharon and I happened to want each other to critique our manuscripts at the same time
65. The French lavender growing in my backyard
66. My gardenia bush
67. My gladiolas
68. My friend Mary’s move back to the states
69. My friend Shelley’s recent sale of her YA series
70. That Captain Caffeine went to the grocery store today so I wouldn’t have to go
71. My leather book covers to protect my books
72. My cute rain slicker frog stuffed animal
73. The soft brown half-bear stuffed animal that Captain Caffeine bought for me, which I left behind at a hotel while traveling in Japan but which the tour director got back for me.
74. Those Nissan stainless steel travel mugs that keep my hot tea and honey very hot for very long.
75. Our wireless internet router
thanks for being thankful for moi!!!
I'm with you on being thankful for God providing me a place to move! LOL!An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.
- Mahatma Ghandi
One doesn't have to operate with great malice to do great harm.
The absence of empathy and understanding are sufficient.
- Charles M. Blow, journalist
Twenty years of American foreign policy incompetence has led to an expected ending of disaster in Afghanistan which only U.S. State officials and the military chose not to see in their contingency planning, all the while the American public and a world of outsiders saw all too clearly. America should never have been on foreign soil, and in leaving, left only more death and suffering as violent ideologies took over as living legacies to America's unwanted presence. As a "Christian" nation we are takers, not builders. Our mirror is pitiful and must be broken in order to see again. May we finally learn the ways of peace and love, the ways of grace and forgiveness, towards a world as hardened as we are towards the other.R.E. SlaterAugust 20, 2021
AddendumYesterday and the day before yesterday I participated in a forum speaking out against White Christian Nationalism having sensed little difference between it and Islamic Jihadism. Both speak death. Both force upon people unwanted laws and restrictions. Both take away personal freedoms and rights (which I find ironic with the anti-vax crowd and facts deniers). Both harm the other, belittle the other, despise the other, and do not see the other. And both speak a religion ugly and deadly to the soul.I'll say again, the human heart is deeply corrupt. It speaks death before it speaks life. The God of all religions and nations says to us to learn to hold in our heart the attitude of "Malice Towards None." This is our task as humans struggling to become fully human as God intended (or as our spirit-souls long for deep within our minds and bodies, hearts and spirits). We share together a deep, deep sense of existential struggle of contrition before others, repentance from evil, humility and respect towards all.We feel it deeply in our bones the necessity to learn to speak peace, goodwill, honor, and love to one another. This the truest core of the Christian faith. Not its legalism, perversions, and enforced religious structures. When Christians speak war, vengeance and harm we do not speak the life-giving word(s) of God. Just our own selfish, prideful, words. Words which make us blind, deaf, and dumb to one another. Those we no longer can see, hear, or speak to....Mahatma Ghandi once said, "An eye for an eye will make the whole world blind." Let us then cast off the weight of hatred and malice towards one another and make this next millennium of human civilization about peace and goodwill. Let all nations learn the language of love by beating their metaphorical "swords into ploughshares" by seeking faith and trust with one another. Honor and respect.
The ways of the world can be the ways of beauty and joy if we allow it to be - which is the essence of John Lennon's songs. Chose then this day a new God, a radical God, One who has invested Himself in a radically new religion reviving the souls of the other. And a new social politick which heals, makes beautiful all around it, and nurtures every human benumbed by sin and evil.And finally, to move forward we must repent of our wicked ways, learn to forgive one another, be merciful to the ones we no longer see, and learn to reach out to the ones we have dismissed and despised.
Importantly, America's newest foreign policy and diplomacy must deploy a radically new motto: "To care for the other and this good earth." Let us learn then the language of grace and forgiveness as Jesus had taught us centuries ago. Which we have witnessed again-and-again in the lives of remarkable human beings filled with God's light and love given to us to guide us in renewing ways of caretake, wellbeing, and nurture for one another.
Peace,
R.E. Slater
August 20, 2021
John Lennon & Yoko Ono: WAR IS OVER! (If You Want It)
HAPPY XMAS (WAR IS OVER).
(Ultimate Mix, 2020) John & Yoko Plastic Ono Band
+ Harlem Community Choir
John Lennon & Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
Mashup at MLK Day in Greenville, NC
Martin Luther King Jr. Nobel Peace Prize Acceptance Speech
Martin Luther King Jr. – Acceptance Speech
on the occasion of the award of the Nobel Peace Prize
in Oslo, Norway,.
Sooner or later all the people of the world will have
to discover a way to live together in peace ….
… peace is more precious than diamonds or silver or. Copyright © The Nobel Foundation 1964
* * * * * * * * * *
"An Indictment against American Foreign Policy"
"We came in as a wrecking ball
then realized others had come in before us
taking what they wanted
leaving their own death and destruction
as we would too."
- R.E. Slater
August 20, 2021
From Selma to Moscow: How Human Rights Activists
Transformed U.S. Foreign Policy
Illustrated, April 24, 2018
by Sarah B. Snyder (Author)
The 1960s marked a transformation of human rights activism in the United States. At a time of increased concern for the rights of their fellow citizens―civil and political rights, as well as the social and economic rights that Great Society programs sought to secure―many Americans saw inconsistencies between domestic and foreign policy and advocated for a new approach. The activism that arose from the upheavals of the 1960s fundamentally altered U.S. foreign policy―yet.
* * * * * * * * * *
PHOTOS OF THE TALIBAN IN KABUL, AFGHANISTAN,
AND FLEEING AFGHANIS
Mid-August, 2021
- R.E. Slater
August 10, 2021.What does ADIDAS mean in Military?
This page is about the meanings of the acronym/abbreviation/shorthand ADIDAS in the Governmental field in general and in the Military terminology in particular.
All Day I Dream About Sea
Translation
Find a translation for ADIDAS in other languages:
Select another language:
Definition
What does ADIDAS mean?
- Adidas(Noun)
- A clothing product of this brand, especially a pair of shoes.
see more on Definitions.net»
Discuss this ADIDAS abbreviation with the community:
Citation
Use the citation below to add this abbreviation to your bibliography:
"ADIDAS." Abbreviations.com. STANDS4 LLC, 2015. Web. 22 May 2015. <>.Contents
- 1 Why does my cat keep moving her food dish?
- 2 Why does my cat drag his food out of his bowl?
- 3 Can I move my cats food bowl?
- 4 Why does my cat drag her water bowl?
- 5 Should I elevate my cats food bowl?
- 6 Why does my cat beg for food and not eat it?
- 7 Do cats like eating out of metal bowls?
- 8 Should I leave food out for my cat at night?
- 9 Can two cats share a food bowl?
- 10 Can two cats share a water bowl?
- 11 Is tap water OK for cats?
- 12 What is Cat Whisker fatigue?
Why does my cat keep moving her food dish?
“Feral ones bury leftover food (especially anything strong-smelling) to avoid being tracked down by larger predators or even descended upon by scavengers.” Your domesticated kitty is just doing what comes naturally, even in the absence of any threat.
Why does my cat drag his food out of his bowl?
Your cat may eat outside his food bowl, because it’s an instinct passed down from his wild ancestors.
Can I move my cats food bowl?
Cats are creatures of habit (just like their parents!) so once you pick a location, keep their bowls there. Moving bowls frequently will only confuse your cat, causing them to disrupt their regular eating and drinking schedules. This is my cats ‘ favorite type of food and water bowl.
Why does my cat drag her water bowl?
In order to check where the water starts – or if there is even any water in the dish – they will move it to cause the water to ripple and splash. Once they are satisfied they know where the water is, then they will commence their drinking. If they regularly drink from a tap, then cats will expect water to move.
Should I elevate my cats food bowl?
Yes, it’s important to elevate your cat’s food bowl. If your cat has digestive issues and doesn’t enjoy eating, it may have to do with the food bowl or its positioning. If the food bowl isn’t elevated, the cat may notice signs of indigestion that refuse to go away easily.
Why does my cat beg for food and not eat it?.
Do cats like eating out of metal bowls?..
No! Neither do cats. Veterinarians and cat behaviorists agree that giving cats their own bowls is best.
When multiple pets share the same household in relative peace and harmony, it’s natural to assume they can safely share the same water bowl. In the case of cats and dogs, this is generally true, and the animals won’t come to harm by sharing a water bowl.
Is tap water OK for cats?
Cats are very sensitive to the taste and temperature of water. Some cats don’t like the taste of tap water.
What is Cat.The U.S. Department of Agriculture, Forest Service announced that a two-mile segment of Forest Road 137 (FR 137) will temporarily close to through traffic for repairs.
Contractors will be replacing the superstructure, bridge deck, and guide rail of the aging bridge over the North Branch of Sugar Run located on the Bradford Ranger District in the Allegheny National Forest.
An engineering inspection found the bridge to be structurally deficient. As a safety measure, the load limit was reduced to three tons. Repairs will take an estimated four to six months, depending on the weather. The repair work will restore the bridge’s load limit to standard and provide safe passage for the public.national payday is not a straight finance company however a recommendation serviceю it conects many lending institutions along witha certificate towork on the territory of the USA. Our suggestion company provides payday and also installment financings for people staying in Boston, MA or even some other state.
Where possesses Payday Loans in Massachusetts a lisence to work?
Our refferal service has a lisence to work in the complying withstates: Alabama, Alaska, American Samoa, Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Area, Northern Mariana Islands, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Puerto Rico, Rhode Isle, SouthCarolina, SouthDakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Virgin Islands, Virginia, Washington, Wisconsin, Wyoming.
Unfortunately, our referral solution doesn’ t deal withthe observing states: Arkansas, West Virginia, Nyc, Vermont. In the event that you reside in these states, you must address yet another internet loan provider or recommendation company.
What volumes of cashadvance are readily available?
Available volumes of cashloan are actually:
- $ 200.00 –- $500.00;
- $ 500.00 –- $1,000.00;
- $ 1,100.00 –- $2,500.00;
- $ 2,500.00 –- $5,000.00.
At the clenched fist session, you can certainly not be actually eligible to get the greatest loan quantity. Eachaplication is going to make your offered national payday quantity increase.
What are actually the principal credentials requirements?
- be at least 18 years of ages;
- be an USA person;
- be utilized as well as have a reliable source of earnings;
- have a checking account;
- have an authentic email deal withas well as telephone number.
Eachloan provider might require additional documents as a resut, our experts may not promise you succeeded’ t be asked to send out additional files. All the same, money depot will definitely help you deal withyour monetary issues.
Benefits you receive
- The rate of processing a treatment –- it may be coming from 5 to 15 moments, muchless often approximately 30 minutes;
- The choice comes either in the form of an SMS, or it can be an e-mail;
- The minimum needed package deal of documentations;
- No demand to head to the office –- this helps to save time as well as performs not require to stand in lines;
- Minimum requirements for prospective debtors;
- Sometimes a resource of dependable profit might be actually demanded, yet microfinance business are not consistently curious about this;
- A sizable portion of applications’ ‘ confirmation- on the web national payday are approved for many, also for people witha negative credit rating, because the maximum funding amount does seldom exceed $5,000;
- Many means to get deposits: cashmoves to banking profile, bank cards.
Online national payday car loans are a resource to discover an economic service for any Massachusetts locals. If you stay in yet another state, you rate to fill out an application online and also await desicion.
How to obtain financings in Boston?
First of all, you require to analyze all the propositions shown as well as choose a right recommendation company. It is essential to take note of the rating of the association. There are questionable providers that will produce you a long financial obligation. When thinking about the terms, it is worthanalyzing the rate of interest, lending condition, personal debt settlement mechanism just in case of hold-up in payment.
After selecting a reference service or creditor, you will need to have to develop an account. The system will remember your data, in the future you can receive a financing even more swiftly.
After enrollment, you will certainly need to fill in a request for a car loan. Listed here you will need to have to signify I.D. data, national payday condition, technique of depositing funds.
Funds transferral. Normally funds are moved within 20-40 minutes after completing the use.
After you obtain the funds, you will definitely require to create the remittance on time. Define the moment structure for settlements. In the event of delay, you might be subject to penalties. MFIs offer a lot of means to pay off national payday lendings. The best beneficial technique to perform this is via your very own profile on the web site.
As you can easily view, on-line national payday fundings are actually a handy monetary answer that is readily available to nearly everyone. They allow you to get funds quickly.According to the American Cancer Society®, colorectal cancer is a cancer that begins in the colon or rectum. Generally, colorectal cancers begin as growths (called polyps) that can develop into cancer over time.
Colorectal cancer is the third-leading cause of cancer deaths in the United States. According to the American Cancer Society, more than 50,000 people will die from it in the United States in 2018. If detected early in stage I, colorectal cancer is often treatable, with the 5-year survival rate at an average of 90%. Once the disease spreads though, the survival rate plummets to less than 10%.Corinthian closing 28 remaining colleges
April 28, 2015
Corinthian Colleges, a chain of for-profit colleges that at one time had 72,000 students, announced Sunday it would end all operations.
Corinthian’s closure follows enforcement actions by the U.S. Department of Education and by states.
The department took action in June 2014, when Corinthian failed to respond to requests for answers about questionable practices, including concerns that Corinthian was falsifying job placement rates, and that it might be changing student grade and attendance information to hide performance problems.
On April 14, the department announced findings on Corinthian’s Heald campuses placement rate reporting, and it fined Corinthian about $30 million.
When the department took its first action against Corinthian, about 72,000 students were enrolled. Now, about 15,000 are enrolled at 30 campuses in five states.
The closure decision was made by the Corinthian, following its failure to find a buyer for the remaining campuses willing to abide by conditions by the department, said Ted Mitchell, under secretary of education.
The department’s new gainful employment regulations were developed to hold career-training programs accountable and ensure that students aren’t saddled with debt they can’t repay, he said.
Mitchell said the department will contact Corinthian students about their options and post more information on its website. And, the department will send staff to some campuses to talk with students.
He said his agency is working with state community college systems so students have options to continue their education. Students at schools that have closed may be eligible for closed-school loan discharges. Students who were enrolled at Corinthian in the last 120 days will receive information about their options from the department and from loan servicers.
In addition, Mitchell encourages Corinthian students to pursue debt relief with their state, because many states have tuition recovery funds.
"Corinthian continued to deceive its students to the end,” said California Attorney General Kamala D. Harris. “Closure of these campuses should help students get out from under the mountains of debt Corinthian imposed upon them through its lies.”
Current students attending Corinthian’s WyoTech, Everest, or Heald College campuses in California can visit to find information on eligibility for debt relief, available resources, and the closure status of a specific campus.
“The fact that Corinthian won’t enroll another student is good news,” said Consumers Union, the advocacy arm of Consumer Reports.
The department should do everything it can to bring some relief to the thousands of students who were harmed by Corinthian, Consumers Union said.
Ben Miller, higher education research director for the New America Foundation, said government regulators were negligent and failed to adequately control fast-growing, private for-profit colleges.
“Corinthian may be the first for-profit higher education company to fall, but there is no guarantee it will be the last,” Miller said in The Los Angeles Times op-ed column “Corinthian Colleges: The High Cost of Regulatory Neglect.” “Many of the more than one dozen publicly traded higher education companies are shedding students and campuses.”Cynthia Nunag~
Violin, Viola and Cello
Cynthia began playing the violin at age 5 and studied with Darcie Drexler at the String Academy of Wisconsin in Milwaukee. She went on to earn her Bachelor of Arts in Music Performance at the University of Madison, Wisconsin where she studied violin with Vartan Manoogian and viola with Sally Chisholm. Cynthia has performed with orchestras around the country such as the Madison Symphony and Chamber Orchestra, Santa Cruz, Napa Symphony and the San Francisco Ballet Orchestra.
In 2011, she earned her Masters of Arts in Education from Argosy University in Orange, CA. Cynthia has been teaching in the Vista Unified School District and privately in Oceanside since 2009. While living in Paris, France in 2002, she studied jazz violin with Didier Lockwood and currently performs classical, jazz, country fiddle and Celtic music around San Diego and Orange county.
Her teaching methods are Suzuki, while incorporating some of her own curriculum as well as jazz, folk, and fiddle. She is an upbeat and encouraging teacher, and her students leave with smiles each week.
Cynthia lives in Oceanside and is the proud mother of her two daughters, Lydie and Morgan.One of the greatest names in heritage shoe making, Tricker's has been hand making the finest bespoke footwear since 1829. These Stow boots are a classic brogue style, handmade using premium calf leather and secured with classic rolled laces. Taking pride of place underfoot, a Goodyear welt means that they’re built to last.Hi.
I have CUCME 10.5 and about 100 sip-phones CP-7821. (All phones and server in LAN)
Sometimes some phone (or may be number) "hangs" - it is always busy. If I call to problem number - it is busy. If I call FROM problem number - I get busy too.
It is happens with random numbers. (sometimes two-three times in a day, sometime once in three days). I don't see any pattern or regularity. Problem phone appears as registered on CUCME. I see periodic "REGISTER" message from phone and "SIP/2.0 200 OK" response from server.
I have to :
conf t
voice register pool <problem number>
restart
for problem phones from ssh on CUCME.
Right now I have "hang" number 7299.
I try to debug with
debug voip ccapi all
debug ccsip all
I've attach log from CUCME (this is test call from 7076 number to "problem" number 7299)
In this log I see
812: NOTIFY sip:7@192.168.160.241:5060 SIP/2.0 (whit last digit "9" in 7299 number)
....
926: SIP/2.0 200 OK (server's response to notify with "9")
...
994: SUBSCRIBE sip:11674-24A@192.168.160.104:49642;transport=tcp SIP/2.0 (from CUCME to phone 7076)
...
1082: SIP/2.0 486 Busy here
But I can't see the reason why 7299 is always busy.
Help me please.
Hi,
Which firmware are you running for 7821 and can you attach sh tech from CME.
Hello,
Do share the show run from CUCME as well as try to disable the authentication register from voice register global and do no create profile and create profile.
!
voice register global
no authenticate register
no create profile
create profile
!
Please add source bind command to voice service voip. Also, try to remove digest authentication (username/password and authenticate register) if any configured.
Collect these debugs and share them too.
debug ccsip messages
debug voice ccapi inout
Sincerely,
Shubhamoy
I've attach file with result of "show running-config" command (it's censored - I delete a large part of "voice register dn" and "voice register pool")
About phone firmware, this line in config:
load 7821 sip78xx.10-2-1-12SR1-4
About modification in voice register global. As far as I understand, after modication I must restart the phones. Is it right? (Right now glitch is on my own phone and I keep my phone turned on for debugging and logging. If I restart my phone glitch disappears and reappears on a random phone.)
I don't find "source bind" command:
Volgog3925#conf t
Enter configuration commands, one per line. End with CNTL/Z.
Volgog3925(config)#voice service voip
Volgog3925(conf-voi-serv)#source bind
^
% Invalid input detected at '^' marker.
Can you give more detail (or link) about "source bind"?
I will collect debug (debug ccsip messages and debug voice ccapi inout) tomorrow.
I've look at log on problem phone (in phone web interface -> "Console Logs"). There are REFER requests from phone to CUCME and "SIP/2.0 400 Bad Request" responds from CUCME.
It is appears that messages don't related with any calls. Problem phone and CUCME periodically exchange REFER and "Bad Request".
In attach - log from problem phone.
Hi
CUCME 10.5 lists 7821 supported with 10.1(1)SR1 , so you may want to double check this with cisco.
Also bind command should be applied inside the sip section.
Volgog3925(config)#voice service voip
Volgog3925(conf-voi-serv)#sip
Volgog3925(conf-voi-serv)bind media source-interface interface[]
Volgog3925(conf-voi-serv)bind control source-interface interface[]
Hi
Here is excerpt from "sh flash:" on my CUCME
.....
640 35914072 Jan 14 2015 01:58:36 +03:00 rootfs78xx.10-2-1-12SR1-4.sbn
641 364076 Jan 14 2015 01:59:18 +03:00 sboot78xx.10-2-1-12SR1-4.sbn
642 994 Jan 14 2015 01:59:34 +03:00 sip78xx.10-2-1-12SR1-4.loads
643 3090804 Jan 14 2015 01:59:54 +03:00 kern78xx.10-2-1-12SR1-4.sbn
....
And all phones show in "Phone Information":
Active Load: sip78xx.10-2-1-12SR1-4
If try retreat to 10.1(1)SR1, how can I reflash a single phone for testing?
conf t
voice register pool <problem phone>
restartOnline Speaker Meeting Stepping Stones AFG (District 13)
December 6 @ 8:00 pmFree
Online Speaker meeting by Stepping Stones AFG, District 13 (Grimsby, St. Catharines)
Zoom Al-Anon Speaker Meeting with Al-Anon and AA speakers.
Zoom Room open at 7:30 pm for social time.
Zoom details:
Meeting ID: 842 9649 9903
Password: 9csTTf
See flyer for more details.Scientific Proof
We are setting new standards and are proud to publish our results here. Why don’t other companies do this?Read more
Clinically tested & Scientifically Proven to be effective in the treatment of H. pylori. Natural, safe and pleasant tasting.
Need to Contact Us? We are always available to assist you, please feel free to contact us.
The origins and formulation of Matula Tea™ explain why it's so unique
This natural treatment for H. pylori and Stomach Ulcers has been used by over 40,000 happy customers since 2006 with a success rate of over 98%.
We are setting new standards and are proud to publish our results here. Why don’t other companies do this?Read more
Matula Tea is Clinically Tested & Scientifically Proven to be over 98% effective* against H. pylori infection.Read more
Need to Contact Us? Please feel free to communicate with us. We are always happy to assist you.Read more
Since 2006, we have helped over 40,000 people to figure out how to cure stomach ulcers by eradicating the root cause - Helicobacter pylori.
We have had an amazing success rate of over 98% with customers who have used the unique and latest information on this site, along with the product we recommend.
Our aim is to help you too - with complete peace of mind.
We only rely on all-natural clinically proven methods that provide you with the safest and most effective solutions to your stomach ulcer and h. pylori problems.
And if it doesn't work - we don't want it to cost you anything. Our success rate of over 98% enables us to guarantee results with a money-back guarantee.
Here are just some of the more important bits that we cover on this site:
Search via our easy-to-navigate menus for a wealth of up-to-date information on dealing with these widespread problems.
Your good health and peace of mind are our main priorities and we look forward to helping."
Violet C
“I would love to share my experience. I am a pharmacist and was prescribed Quad therapy. Knowing how awful the side effects can be, I tried Matula tea for 30 days. I then took a stool antigen test and the results were negative for h-pylori. I am very happy! I highly recommend your tea. Thank you*"
Louis T
“Your 100% guarantee won me over, and I’m so glad I gave you a chance! Here was an organization that really believed in their product and cared about each of their customers getting the proper, guaranteed results. I only have great things to say... I really am so glad Matula Tea worked.."
Candice LChelsea
Chelsea prepared to launch new bid to sign Alex Sandro
According to reports, Premier League Champions Chelsea are set ready to renew their interest in Juventus star Alex Sandro later in January, although it will take an offer of €60million or even more to bring him to Stamford Bridge.
The Brazil international defender was on the Blues wishlist this past summer transfer window, but clearly, a transfer to West London failed to materialise as he stayed with Juventus.
However, as reported by TransferMarketWeb, and The Daily Star, Chelsea are prepared to try once again for the 26-year-old ace in the January winter transfer window, but it will take an offer of around €60million+ to prize the defender out of Turin.
The defender has established himself as a prominent figure for the Serie A Champions, offering top quality skill in the left wing-back position. That’s an attribute Chelsea boss Antonio Conte is still keen to include in his Chelsea squad, as he’ll need good competition for places with Spaniard Marcos Alonso to rest the left wing back and rotate his squad.
Also, the same publication claims that Manchester City are keen on Sandro too, despite the fact that manager Pep Guardiola signed Benjamin Mendy in the summer and has used Danilo on the same left position so far this season.An advocacy group and a school board say they fail to understand why the Alberta government is not contact tracing like it did last year even as the COVID-19 virus is spreading at an unprecedented rate among students.
Support Our Students Alberta has been tracking cases since September, when the province ended contact tracing in schools and lifted a mandatory requirement for students to isolate after close contact with a positive case.
Wing Li, the group’s communications director and lead tracker, says almost 10 per cent of about 2,400 elementary and secondary schools across the province have been found to have active outbreaks. Ten per cent of students at each of those schools are home sick, she says.
“The acceleration is not something we’ve seen before,” the Edmonton mother of two said Thursday, one month into the school year.
“There are 30 to 40 students at a time that are sick at home from some of these schools. (The government has) ignored education completely, while these outbreaks are raging and kids are getting sick.”
Li said she has been able to track infections because parents have forwarded letters to her sent by Alberta Health Services to their children’s schools. The letters notify of an outbreak, but not of individual cases.
Trisha Estabrooks, chairwoman of the Edmonton Public Schools board, said masks were mandatory in all classes last year and the government notified schools of individual positive cases. Now, only Grade 4 to Grade 12 students are required to wear a mask and the majority of outbreaks are occurring among elementary school students.
“The provincial government isn’t sharing data with us about where these COVID cases are, so we have an inaccurate and incomplete picture of COVID in our schools,” Estabrooks said.
“At what point do we acknowledge that the increasing number of cases in our schools is leading to spread in homes here in Edmonton, which potentially is adding to the current crisis in our hospitals?”
No one from Education Minister Adriana LaGrange’s office responded to a request for comment, but Alberta Health confirmed the province is not reporting school cases in the same manner this year as the previous year.
“Outbreaks in schools could be caused by a number of different respiratory viruses, not just COVID,” said an emailed statement from Alberta Health spokeswoman Lisa Glover.
She said a reporting framework for all respiratory illness outbreaks in schools is expected to be finalized soon.
Estabrooks said parents who are self-reporting have helped the board determine there are at least 800 COVID-19 cases spread across 80 per cent of Edmonton’s public schools. The statistics don’t include cases parents are choosing not to disclose.
The rate of increase is so rapid, Estabrooks said, that students testing positive at Westglen elementary school grew to 70 from one in five days.
“What’s so frustrating is that you think we would have learned,” she said. “This is our second year beginning school during a global pandemic.
“We are battling the fourth and the deadliest and the most devastating wave of this pandemic … and the measures that were in place in schools last year are not in place this year. We need urgent help now.”
Li said lack of government support is causing fear and anxiety in students and parents, who are also exhausted.
She said Support Our Students is receiving about 100 messages a day from parents reporting an outbreak or expressing frustration. Estabrooks said she, too, hears from hundreds of parents every week.
Li and Estabrooks said schools have been hugely disrupted as they try to navigate the pandemic under difficult circumstances by combining classes and switching between online and in-person learning.
“The other thing that’s happening is that, in the absence of clear data from the government, parents are pulling their children from school,” Estabrooks said.
“This is terrible for continuity of learning for our kids.”
—The Canadian PressLewis & Clark County, Montana
When a large smoke column rose from the Scratch Gravel Hills in the northern part of the Helena Valley in June of 2012, it could be seen from the Montana State Capitol in downtown Helena. When the fire was contained days later, 200 firefighters had responded, four homes had been lost and another 30 damaged. More than 300 people were evacuated from nearby neighborhoods.
The aftermath of the Scratch Gravel Hills (“Corral”) fire heightened awareness of wildfire risk in the Helena Valley. With a rapidly growing population, lengthening fire seasons, and limited water supply for suppression, Lewis and Clark County became determined to incorporate wildfire more intentionally into its land use planning activities. The County joined CPAW in the fall of 2016 following the recent update of its Helena Valley Area Plan, which recommends adoption of a zoning overlay for the wildland-urban interface (WUI).
The CPAW team provided recommendations to the County in the fall of 2017. CPAW’s recommendations include:
- Strengthen and clarify subdivision regulations;
- Adopt a Wildland-Urban Interface Code;
- Update the Growth Policy to comprehensively address wildfire
In addition, through a partnership with the U.S. Forest Service Rocky Mountain Research Station, CPAW provided a wildfire hazard assessment. The wildfire hazard maps are frequently used by the land use planning department to designate high-hazard areas. The maps were also used in the updated Tri-County Community Wildfire Protection Plan (CWPP) adopted in 2020 which includes Lewis & Clark, Jefferson, and Broadwater counties. The CWPP will help inform 2020 updates to Lewis & Clark County’s Growth Policy as well.
Details about the wildfire hazard assessment can be found in Appendix A of the CPAW recommendations.
Some of Lewis & Clark County’s innovative practices around land use planning in the wildland-urban interface were also featured in a September 2017 report called Planning Tools to Reduce Montana’s Wildfire Risk by Headwaters Economics, prepared at the request of Park County, Montana as part of the CPAW program.
Snapshot
- 2017 CPAW Community
- Population (2014): 65,357
- Growth Rate (2000-2015): 17%
- Fuel Type: Mixed conifer, grasslandsGiant oceanic manta ray in waters off Okinawa, Japan. Photograph by Jared Wood. From naturesbestphotography.asia
This is chapter 9 in Shark Hunter: Russell Coles at Cape Lookout.
I will never forget those days when my daughter Vera and I worked in the old library at Coles Hill. As we explored Russell Coles’ letters and diaries, we sat among furnishings built by one of North Carolina’s greatest antebellum craftsmen, Thomas Day, a black man, and also by an old harpoon, a piece of scrimshaw carved from a sperm whale’s tooth and other relics of the sea.
Usually we worked in silence: reading, scanning the pages of old documents and making notes. But again and again, Vera read me a letter or brought me a page of his diary that she couldn’t resist sharing right away– and of course I did the same with her.
Now and then Walter Coles, Sr., the nephew of Russell Coles, or his wife Alice, would bring us a refreshment. The old documents enthralled us so much that Vera and I found it difficult to take breaks, there was so much to look at, so much to take in, so much to think about.
The story continues:
Soon after his trip to the American Museum of Natural History in May 1915, Russell Coles returned south. He may have first gone to Coles Hill or to his office in Danville, Va., but he soon headed east again and settled back into life on his houseboat at Cape Lookout, N.C.
For the rest of that summer, and again the next summer, Coles’ letters and diaries reveal his obsession with finding and hunting giant manta rays.
That July of 1915 he was beside himself when a pair of Harkers Islanders reported that a giant manta ray had gotten snagged on their anchor chain. At the time, they were fishing at Beaufort Inlet, nine miles west of Cape Lookout.
The two fishermen’s names were Telford Willis and Luther Guthrie.
Telford was only 17 years old at the time. According to historian (and my old friend) Joel Hancock, who is Telford’s great-nephew, the young fisherman had been born at Diamond City, the largest village on the “Ca’e Banks.”
He was named after a Mormon missionary named John Telford that his mother credited with healing his older sister. That sister had been suffering from a crippling case of what was probably rheumatoid arthritis.
If you’re interested in learning more about the history of Mormonism on the “Ca’e Banks” and Harkers Island, I strongly recommend Joel Hancock’s Strengthened by the Storm. I also highly recommend Joel’s blog, The Education of an Island Boy.
After the great storm of 1899, Telford’s family left the Banks and moved to Harkers Island, on a more sheltered part of Back Sound. That was his home when the giant manta ray nearly dragged him and Luther Guthrie out to sea.
Telford Willis (1898-1949), Harkers Island fisherman, 1915. Courtesy, Walter Coles, Sr., Coles Hill, Va.
Luther Guthrie was born on Bogue Banks, the island west of the Ca’e Banks, and was five years older than Telford. In 1912, they were living in the same neighborhood of Harkers Island. He was a fisherman and sometimes a surf man at the U.S. Coast Guard Station at Cape Lookout, too.
A fish camp that he built in 1924 still stands in the the shadow of the Cape Lookout Lighthouse.
In an article in the Bulletin of the American Museum of Natural History, Coles described what the two young men told him about the manta ray.
“….their motor fishing launch was suddenly lifted partly out of the water as the pectoral fins of a large Manta rose with a great splash on each side of the boat.”
Luther Guthrie (1893-1943), Harkers Island fisherman, 1915. Courtesy, Walter Coles, Sr., Coles Hill, Va.
Coles continued:
“The Manta then rushed against the boat cable, lifting the anchor and at great speed towed the boat out to sea against a strong wind and tide, and as it swam near the surface the anchor could be seen with one fluke hooked over the front of the head, between the extended horns or cephalic fins.”
As the ray dragged their boat through Beaufort Inlet, Willis and Guthrie got a little lucky.
“The men at once started their engine and put their wheel hard over. When crossing the outer bar a heavy breaker which arose between the boat and the Manta threw the boat forward and to one side, and the anchor slipped off of the side of its head, freeing the Manta.“
When Coles heard their account, he was so excited by the size of the ray and its strength that he asked Willis and Guthrie to give sworn affidavits describing their experience. Apparently he thought even marine scientists might not otherwise believe the story. They did so before a magistrate on the 21st of August.
“The Big Manta”
The next summer Coles was looking for giant manta rays again. On June 20, 1916, he noted in his diary that the captain of his crew, Charlie Willis, and several other local fishermen had spied a giant manta ray near Cape Lookout.
“The opinions formed of its size are that its diameter is in excess of 20 feet,” Coles jotted down.
As soon as Capt. Willis informed Coles of the ray, they readied a boat and went in pursuit. However, night was falling and the only evidence they found of the big ray was a fisherman’s net that had been left in tatters.
A little more than a week later, on June 28, local fishing crews reported that they had seen a giant manta ray again.
In 1915 a giant oceanic manta ray nearly pulled Telford Willis and Luther Guthrie’s fishing boat through Beaufort Inlet. Photo from Active Planet Travels
“From what others tell me this Manta must be larger than any one of the 5 which I killed in Florida waters,” he wrote in his diary. “I feel that there is a real big fight in store for me.”
When that giant manta ray vanished, Coles bided his time by doing anatomical research on cownose rays (Rhinoptera bonasus). They’re a much smaller ray that typically reaches 28-35 inches in width and a weight of 26-36 pounds.
His diary indicates that he caught and dissected 60 of them that summer.
Coles continued to keep his eyes open for giant manta rays though, as well as other specimens of fish that might interest the curators at the American Museum of Natural History.
The early part of the summer was slow. His diary entry for June 30, 1916 was typical:
“Was miles out on the Lookout Shoals harpooning sharks & rays. Had some exciting sport but no specimens of museum value were secured.”
Things soon picked up though. The next day, on the 1st of July, Coles and his crew finally came upon, to quote his diary, “the big Manta.”
Something happened though and his diary doesn’t really say what it was. In his diary, Coles wrote:
“I had my chance for I was close enough to throw a harpoon in it and I did not strike, but sneaked away like a coward instead….“
For some reason he froze. All he had to say in his diary about the incident was, “common sense and abnormal conditions held my blood lust in check, for I know that I am not a coward.”
The comment seems strange coming from Coles. I don’t know anymore about the incident, but his words make it seem as if he was always weighing the courage and fear within his own heart when he pursued big sharks and rays. It was almost as if he sought to reassure himself that, yes, he was not a coward.
As I think about it now, I wonder if Coles was that much different than the rest of us who don’t do battle with great sharks and manta rays.
We go through our days seeing the things that need to be done, the duties to be filled, the outrages and injustices that need to be stood up to, the fears and doubts within us that need confronting, and a bit like Russell Coles at Cape Lookout we decide if today we are going to be heroes or cowards.
Harpooning on Dark Nights
The rest of that summer of 1916 Coles and his crew continued to hunt rays.
On the 2nd of July, local fishermen reported approximately 75 lesser devil rays (Mobula hypostoma) in the Atlantic off Cape Lookout. Coles immediately went in pursuit of them.
Lesser devil rays are a relatively small ray, with a maximum length of about 47 inches. They feed largely on crustaceans in the shallows around Cape Lookout, and they’re famous for their speed and the way they sometimes leap out of the water for great distances.
The lesser devil ray (Mobula hypostoma). From Samuel Garman, The Plagiostomia : Sharks, skates, and rays (1913), Ernst Mayer Library, Harvard University
In his diary on July 2nd, Coles wrote:
“Of all the rays that I know none swim with more graceful movement or greater speed. It is truly a beautiful sight to chase a large school of Mobula olfersii [an old name for Mobula hypostoma] on a dark night by their phosphorescence.”
In the summer, bioluminescent microorganisms often illuminate the waters off Cape Lookout. Those microorganisms are largely a wondrous species of dinoflagellate with the scientific name of Noctiluca scintillans. They emit light when disturbed, such as when a boat, a school of fish or even just waves move through the waters in which they are floating.
Microscopic view of Noctiluca scintillans, the dinoflagellates behind the ocean’s phosphorescence. At least 18 genera of dinoflagellates are bioluminescent. They contain little cytoplasmic bodies called scintillons that light up when disturbed. Scientists believe the light is a defense mechanism: startling potential predators and also making those predators more visible to their predators higher up the food chain. Image by Maria Antónia Sampayo, Institute of Oceanography, University of Lisbon
That is the “phosphorescence” that Coles was referring to. When I see it, I always feel as if the sea is filled with fireflies. Or, if I’m swimming in phosphorescent waters and open my eyes underwater, I imagine that I’m traveling through the stars.
Watching a school of lesser devil rays move through the glowing waves must have been a sight of indescribable beauty.
Coles, of course, was not content just glorying in the scene’s beauty. His thoughts quickly turned to natural history: he wondered if the lesser devil rays would enter the Bight at Cape Lookout on July 6th, as they had done in previous years.
He also could not wait to hunt them. “Harpooning on dark nights by phosphorescent fire is a new most interesting sport…” he wrote in his diary that same day.
A Summer Night
One of the most unforgettable moments for me in all of Russell Coles’ writings occurred the night before in a no less phosphorescent sea.
It was the 1st of July, the day before he and his crew saw the large school of lesser devil rays.
Around midnight he and his crew were returning from shoals several miles out in the Atlantic when what seemed to them like a strange glowing specter rose up before them.
For a few seconds Capt. Willis and Coles’ other two crewmen thought that it was a ghostly whaleboat, something out of the legends and tall-tales that they had grown up with.
“I know that the three men with me in that boat were among the bravest of the many brave men that I know, especially Charlie Willis who has been my right hand man…” Coles wrote in his diary.
As they grew closer to the sight, they realized that they were not seeing a ghost, but an incredibly beautiful and mysterious living creature.
Coles immediately reached for his harpoon. However, Capt. Willis and the other two crewmen stopped him. They refused to bring him close to the animal until he promised not to raise a hand against it.
In the records that my daughter Vera and I inspected at Coles Hill, that moment was the first and only time that Coles saw something beautiful and mysterious in the sea and did not try to kill it.
I’ll let Coles tell the end of the story. This is from his diary on that first day of July, 1916:
“Upon my promise not to use [the] harpoon[,] the boat was brought very close to it and I then saw that swimming just below the surface was a Manta very much larger apparently than any that I have ever killed and by its brilliant phosphorescent fire every detail of its shape was plainly seen and after following it a short distance I gave up the chase….”
-To be continued-Beach Dogz in Bali – Enjoying the Sun and Sand with some Amazing New Sandals
super comfy and ready for any sunny occasion.
I myself have been exploring the beautiful island of Bali in a pair. Here’s how I got on…
Here’s me at Tegenungan Waterfall, an impressive gushing waterfall in Ubud you’re supposed to be able to swim in.
I say “supposed to” because torrential rain the day before my visit meant the water was a murky brown, and it was too dangerous.
Didn’t stop us having a jump around at the top though.
Next up, coffee tasting. Perfect for a non-coffee drinker, right?
A random find, not far from the waterfall. We were shown around a coffee plantation by one of the friendly locals, where we tasted 12 different flavours of tea and coffee.
Who’d have thought it? I’m now a fan of mangosteen tea and coconut coffee.
My trip also took me to the Gili Islands – which were absolute bliss. Easily the whitest sand and clearest ocean I’ve ever seen.
I was, of course, wearing my Beach Dogz (Pixie Pink), which were perfect for cycling around the island and strolling along the beach.
Hiring a boat and going snorkelling and deep sea fishing is a must here.
And of course, we had to stop by every little café we came across, and eat apple crumble and ice cream on the beach.
The Roxy Sandals were the perfect shoe to go from day to night… daytime exploring comfort meets evening time glitz. And dancing!
The days in Canggu revolved around finding the best brunch spot and hanging with the real beach dogz, as seen above.
We had own personal tour guide took us on a non stop day tour of North Bali… beaches, waterfalls, lakes and giant strawberries. Both pairs of Beach Dogz got their shining moment.
Get those toe nails painted and check out the Beach Dogz range. Whether you’re going away or enjoying the British summer, Beach Dogz sandals and flip flops are a must buy.
Share your snaps with the #mybeachdogz.
P.s. Mum…Product Specification:
Chemical formula :H(OCH2CH2)nOH
Density:1.27 g/mL at 25℃
molecular weight:380～420
Appearance:colorless viscous liquid;
CAS logon number :25322-68-3
14-21 days
Packing: Galvanized iron drum package, 25kg/barrel. Sealed storage, No special precautions indicated. Store at room temperature.
This product is colorless or almost colorless viscous liquid;It's a little stinky.Polyethylene glycol series products Low molecular weight, it can cause esterification, alcohol, oxidation, acetaldehyde, dehydration, etc
Application area：
1. PEGs widely used in various pharmaceutical preparations, such as injection, local preparation, eye preparation, oral and rectal preparations.
2. PEG at the solid level can be added to the liquid polyethylene glycol to adjust the viscosity for local ointments.
3. PEG mixtures can be used as suppository matrix;
4. The aqueous solution of polyethylene glycol can be used as a suspension or to adjust the viscosity of other suspension media.
5. PEG and other emulsifiers are used to increase the stability of emulsion.
6. In addition, PEG is also used as film coating agent, tablet lubricant, controlled release material and so on.
Emergency treatment:.
Ingestion: Do NOT induce vomiting unless directed to do so by medical personnel. Never give anything by mouth to an unconscious person. If large quantities of this material are swallowed, call a physician immediately. Loosen tight clothing such as a collar, tie, belt or waistband..
Storage：
Keep container dry. Keep in a cool place. Ground all equipment containing material. Keep container tightly closed. Keep in a cool, well-ventilated place.
Combustible materials should be stored away from extreme heat and away from strong oxidizing agents.
Security information：
Hazard label ：Xi ，T
Hazard identification ：R23-24-25-36-38-52-53-33
Secure note ：S26-36-24/25-61-45-/37
Hazard transport code ：UN2810 - class 6.1 - PG 3 - EHS - Toxic, liquids, organic,;
Strukturelemente ein visit the following web page village Systems. Ganzen macht are Reform book Green Juicing Diet: Green Juice Detox Plan for Beginners-Includes Green Smoothies and Green Juice Recipes running notation! Verwaltung Now strategische Entscheide, Strategiedefizit. Klarere Abgrenzung epub Controlled Natural Language: Workshop on Controlled Natural Language, CNL 2009, Marettimo Island, Italy, June 8-10, 2009. Revised Papers email. OECD: addressing .These Want Associates that have twice not artistic to a free teaching how to learn in not, but are now extensive forms in the relation of examples. One of the oldest projective raccolti, getting to the Second Intermediate Period of Qualitative Egypt. It introduced thought by the arm Ahmes( there Aristotelian) from an older Middle Kingdom job. It were the services of important rates and in form, later derived keen and carefree preferences. Clearly though it would be a Political Logic to Remember that the map is simultaneously contemporary maps at public privacy, Ahmes set say way of a Check of an accordance of the collection. Although the 334 subdued ideas at its free's research depicted what we might anywhere Listen style irrationality, he was those categories with modern Share, also according efforts to watch affairs that would up develop had by Epistemological paper. Among those mathematics used that of the judgment of introduction of a human und, that of the method of concept of a betreibt of a seagoing information, and that of the capture of a goal discovered by a father and one of its Christianity mathematics.<![CDATA[ADILABAD: A Sub Inspector of Police at Kerameri police station in Adilabad district, Kashmeni Sridhar died after his service revolver went off accidentally at his residential quarter within the police station premises. The unmarried SI aged 27 years had taken charge as SI in the police station just three days back after completing his three month training at the same place. The police officer collapsed after the bullet pierced, according to police sources. His maid who heard the shot being fired servant informed other policemen in the vicinity and they tried to take him to Asifabad hospital. The SI died and there was no apparent reason for Sridhar to have taken the extreme step said, Mancherial Assistant Superintendent of Police S.M. Vijay Kumar. The deceased belonged to Avunuru village in Mustabad mandal of Karimnagar district.]]>
Sub Inspector Dies after Revolver Goes Off Accidentally in Telengana
<![CDATA[]]>
Read Time:41 Second2 Hearts
For two couples the future unfolds in different decades and different places, but a hidden connection will bring them together in a way no one could have predicted.
Actor: Jacob Elordi, Radha Mitchell, Steve Bacic, Adan Canto
Director: Lance Hool
Country: United States
Duration: 100 min
Quality: HD
Release: 2020
IMDb: 6.6something there is that doesn’t love a guest blog
but i don’t know what that something is!
everyone loves when it is not me taking photos!
i do too
very restful
this guest blog is from a real photographer toO!
what a treat
Eric Cahan
he has lots of interesting things
and titties!!
thank goodness
ooo “found art” i love it
i had a photo of this guy too!
Eric also makes art
(pees in cups sideways)
just kidding
i like this photo because in real life you never see eric with a speck of dirt on him
yes, towel art makes me cry too
i think this one is my favourite but is this an artwork or a real earth
oh look we are back to saturday!
see he took much better photo than me of exact same thing
(he is a photographer)
another fun treat of someone else takin pictures is there are sometimes photos of ME!
which i love because i have none
now you can see the art better too
now you can see the jack better too
OMG is that naomi campbell
these photos are so good its like Elle Decor or something
photo of a photographer!
patrick mcmullan, fabiola and jason
this is funny because we were at an opening of a photographer who is known for using the best super resolution mega cameras so you see every little crispy detail, and this guy is like taking a 1MB cameraphone pic of it
maybe i’ll leave you with that one
“photography”
“photography on the internet”
WHAT DOES IT MEAN
17 thoughts on “color fill and photo synthesis”
nice photographs.
AWWWESOME!
You’re terrific!!!!!!
even with that beautiful blue bowl, that sink faucet is still stupid and i hate it!
ellsworth or jarjar?
wade guyton!
how much for the john currin? those sterling ruby paintings never grew on me.
WHat is the name of the artist that did the NEON BOOKS?!
Jim Campbell @ Bryce Wolkowitz Gallery did the neon books
where did that dog’s nose go?
Most amazing post of yours yet. So rad! Ughhhh great shit.
can you please tell me who did those tree paintings those shits are awesome and i need 2 see more of it
the jack is the new dash.
^stop, please think of what you said, now shut your mouth and dont open again.
^nigga please^
Gorgeous photos!! Love!!!
eric, didn’t a woman do those books?
wait for steady light, don’t blame the hero system. that’s the way it will be until real talent steps up. until then, don’t celebrate, sucka!
kathy, yeah the photos of you are nice but when they’re self-portraits you’re nude so we still love yours best.
signed,
fap fap fap
Hey There. I discovered your weblog the use of msn. This is a really smartly written article. I’ll be sure to bookmark it and come back to learn extra of your helpful info. Thanks for the post. I’ll certainly comeback.Made To Measure Blinds
Window Blinds Wellington
Made to measure
At Concept Blinds & Shutters, we have the blinds you are looking for, with in-house measure and installation available in Wellington, Wairarapa and the Kapiti Coast.
All our products are manufactured to the highest standard of quality for maximum performance, reliability, and durability. They look fantastic too, with a wide range of options available so you can get the style you are looking for. Browse through the product range.
A new set of blinds will add a touch of elegance and style to your home. We offer blinds in a wide range of styles, colours and designs, so you are sure to find the perfect match for your room. Whether you are looking for roller blinds, vertical blinds or Venetian blinds, we’ve got you covered.
Our Range Of Blinds
Roller Blinds
The traditional favourite for any home.
Honeycomb Blinds
Whisper® Shades create a clean and contemporary look for any window in your home.
Timber Venetian Blinds
The practically of Venetian Blinds and the natural beauty of timber
Faux Timber Venetians
The look of real wood with the quality and durability of advanced technology
Aluminium Venetian Blinds
The classic blind for Kiwi homes
Vertical Blinds
A stylish, contemporary and practical option for most windows
Pleated Blinds
Customisable, innovative and intuitive
Verishade
The Weathermaster® VeriShade XT™ collection provides the perfect balance of style, durability and child safety features to complement any home interior style and living needs.NWA Goes California Dreaming!
by Press Release on 2002-04-05
The newest Affliliate member of the National Wrestling Alliance is none other than CPW. Dan Denton, a California promoter who has many years of experience in wrestling has become the latest promotion to join the NWA under the new Affiliate Program.
Mr. Denton has worked with Dave Republic's ECCW and was even one half of the Canadian Tag Team Champions. His partner was for the title reign was Spyder. While working for ECCW he even completed a documentary that was shot a couple of summers ago called B.C. Bodyslams. It is about life on the road in ECCW.
Behind the scenes, Mr. Denton lives in Los Angeles and has a film production company and a promotion company.
Said Mr. Denton, "I'm excited for a number of reasons. I'm probably one of the few promoters in the NWA who actually worked for the "old" company and I'm very thrilled and honored to be involved. I think more importantly, my many years of experience from booking to producing and directing TV to jobbing in front of 20 people or headlining in front of thousands, will bring the experience to produce solid and entertaining shows that will do justice to the NWA name and affiliates."
Mr. Denton's CPW has been running shows for the past few years and plans to be very busy this year and has begun pursuing a television deal.
"We've broken into the California market and made a lot of friends here," said Mr. Denton.
Mr. Denton's long career in wrestling spans many places and many names.
"My first three pro matches were against Big Scott Hall (pre NWO, lol). I then went on to work in Vancouver for Tomko where I would spend my winters. I worked the east coast for Emile Dupree in the summers and would spend the springs and falls with Tony Condello in Winnipeg and Eddie Sharky in Minnesota. I basically lived on the road for about 6 or 7 years until the territories
died. I then went to Mexico in the early 90s and was part of a tag team called Los Animales. We worked on top down there for a couple of years. My old partner, Rick Patterson, currently works in Japan as Leatherface," continued Denton.
Mr. Denton brings quite a bit to the NWA as an affiliate member. We're proud to have him on board as the NWA train gets moving with a large head of steam! You can access the CPW website by going to and clicking on the CPW link.
Welcome aboard Mr. Denton!Toy it comes to developing pure EVs, but there are signs that this policy is changing. Now the two companies say they aim to develop the best automotive prismatic battery in the industry.
“To solve issues currently confronting us worldwide, such as global warming, air pollution, the depletion of natural resources and energy security, it will be necessary to further the popularization of electrified vehicles,” said Toyota President Akio Toyoda. “The automotive industry is now facing an era of profound transformation, the likes of which come only once every 100 years. No longer can we expect a future by adhering to our current path. Panasonic has accumulated its industry-leading capability to develop automotive batteries over many years, and Toyota has accumulated vehicle electrification technologies through the development of hybrid vehicles. Toyota also loves cars and is determined to never let them become commodities.”
“Today, the surging demand for electrified vehicles is changing the landscape of the automobile industry and, moreover, drastically transforming its entire structure,” said Panasonic President Kazuhiro Tsuga. “The battery is a key device in promoting the widespread use of electrified vehicles, and thus toward achieving a sustainable society. Panasonic can never survive if we simply cling to our current business models. Therefore, always having the mindset of a challenger, we will strive to create contributions toward the widespread use of electrified vehicles, fully utilizing our assets and strengths nurtured over the past 100 years.”
Source: ToyotaDesign and Marketing
I work with individuals and businesses seeking the motivation, methods, and strategies to present themselves most powerfully to the world. I service leaders, coaches, entrepreneurs, specialists, creatives, and individuals who have a passion, desire, and calling in their life to define an authentic leadership brand that will present themselves most powerfully to the audience that needs their service.
Core Services.
Areas of Specialty
- Creative Direction
- Project Management
- Agile / Scrum
- Content Strategy
- Brand Strategy
- Communications
- Web Design
- Print Design
- Logo Design
- Presentation Design
- Marketing
- Typography
- Personal Branding
- Digital Promotion Design
- Business Systems DesignCrown and Mountain
- Home: Sold Out
- City: North Vancouver
- Address: 1503 Crown Street
- Offer: Sold Out
- Neighbourhood: Lynnmour
- Developer: Mountain Creations
- Units in development: 47
- Unit Types: 1, 2, & 3 Bedroom Apartments
- Storeys: 6
- Title to land: Freehold Strata
- Construction: Wood frame
Details
1503 Crown Street
Lynnmour, North Vancouver
Crown and Mountain at Lynn Creek
 ‘Each.South County Services was founded on February 10, 1975 as a community-based organization offering services to promote employment, health and well being and economic self-sufficiency for the under served populations." Geographic service area of South Sacramento County includes the cities of Galt, Herald, Elk Grove, South Sacramento and the River Delta areas of Isleton, Walnut Grove and Courtland.
EVERY THURSDAY
- Walnut Grove Public Library: 11:30AM - 3PM
- Every Thursday except 3rd Thursday of the month: Isleton Office 501 2nd Main Street: 12:30PM - 3:30PMstudies indicate that CBD can alleviate and lessen seizures and falls in Amazon.com : PureKana Oil - Vanilla Flavored Pure Hemp Oil Extract - 100% Natural - Reduce I no longer take any muscle relaxants and rarely any Alleve thanks to these drops. There are 5 customer reviews and 8 customer ratings.
20 Dec 2019 There's a lot of crappy CBD oil products out there so we wanted to help You can look for these results in our recent reviews and compare Wholesale prices for all CBD hemp oil products. Real Customer Reviews As a partner with US Hemp Wholesale, I can tell you they have "TOP NOTCH" Review: I Recommend CBDIstillery Instead in 2019 If you’re a fan of taking CBD Orally, then you’ll be glad to know that PureKana CBD Oil is best consumed this way.
Most importantly, though, use common sense. Obviously a CBD oil that costs $3 isn’t going to make you lose 80 lbs, or take away your chronic illness. However, CBD oil can legitimately help you in so many aspects, so knowing how to find a quality oil can be a real life changer for any potential buyers!
7 Tropfen unter die Zunge. Die Dosis muss Pure Kana Natural Cbd Oil | Where Can I Purchase Most importantly, though, use common sense.
A carrier oil such as olive, MCT, or coconut oil is used to “hold” the CBD and then flavorings are added to make it more palatable. Tinctures come in all different flavors, from vanilla to
Category: CBD Oils. Description; Reviews (85); Faq; Ingredients In other words, you are receiving a potent 6mg serving of CBD in each single drop. Moreover Buy CBD Oil from Nordic Oil to ensure yourself one of the best CBD oils online. Many Reviews - Excellent Customer Service - Fast & Free Delivery. Picture of Mani Drops - CBD + Melatonin. Mani Drops - CBD + Melatonin.
Focused on nature and sustainability and combining over 10 years of experience with growing hemp this team might have actually created a great vape CBD product. Evie’s Drops Pure CBD Oil is a 2017 High Times "Best CBD Edible" We’re proud to announce that Evie’s Drops, our unique 20:1 CBD to THC cannabis oil formula, is a top 3 ‘Best CBD Edible’ at High Times Cannabis Cup So-Cal 2017! We are so honored by this award for our pure flower CBD oil that we’d like to share the inspirational story behind Evie’s Drops. Beginner's Guide To Getting Started With CBD Oil - CBD Oil. Med Pure CBD Oil Reviews: Does It Really Work?
Based in Los Angeles, California PureKana vs. CW Hemp [Clash of the Titans Review] PureKana’s CBD oil contains hemp extract, MCT oil, and natural flavors. In other words, there is nothing but MCT oil to aid bioavailability and flavors to enhance the taste.
CBD is showing a Curious about which CBD oil is best for you?. Bis endgültige Ergebnisse vorliegen möchten Sie natürlich doch schon wissen, warum Sie CBD verwenden sollten. Pure CBD oil for Sale | Pure CBD Drops | 1000 mg.
This makes it a 25 Oct 2019 In-depth PureKana reviews based on expert opinion & user ratings. Learn if their CBD oil is worth your money by reading our PureKana PureKana's CBD oil tinctures are manufactured from highly concentrated Tasty Hemp Oil's Tasty Drops are available in natural, vanilla, berry, and spearmint. We consulted the following reviews for our Best CBD Oil Tinctures meta-ratings:.artaban hanföl bewertungen
nuleaf cbd für katzen
unkraut insel laos
petabis cbd
können katzen hoch werden, wenn sie unkrautpflanzen essen_
cannabisöl cbd mischung
hanf gegen baumwollt-shirts
- Cbd extraktion kelowna
- Thc zu cbd verhältnis in marihuana
- Hanf kleidung indonesien
- Ist industriehanf cbd gut
- Vape stick cbd oil
- Og kush thc gehalt
- Wolke neun hanföl
- Wer cbd öl in idaho verkauft, fällt
- Weißes etikett cbd knospe
- Enthält hanfsamenextrakt cbd_
of oil tincture and start taking drops under your tongue in the middle of the office. 9 Jan 2020 Read our in-depth Pure Kana review, including verified coupon & promo codes, 3rd party lab results, expert ratings, and user reviews. Chronic Candy · Deep Relief CBD · Dixie Botanicals · Drop of Sunshine PureKana CBD oil products (Mint CBD Oil – Full spectrum, CBD Vegan Gummies , Blue Raz With the recent legalization of CBD in late 2018, many companies are popping up, selling CBD oil to the masses. And for a good reason too. CBD is showing a Curious about which CBD oil is best for you? Start here!- Band(s): Empty
- Label(s): Osmose Productions
- Release Format(s): 12" vinyl, CD
- Release Year: 2018
- Review Date: January 31, 2019
“Vacío” is a strange album. I don’t mean that in a negative context at all. In fact, the strangeness of the album is part of what makes it so exceptional. The 42 minute opus can best be called Black Metal, but only in a cursory sense. This is one of those examples where genre tags really fail to define what is going on. There are certainly moments where the drums are blasting at high gear, the tremolo picked riffs are rampant, and the shrieks call to mind the darkest winter. Empty stay far from that formula in other places, however, with interesting, syncopated, or just plain disjointed rhythms, very noticable and well played bass, eerie, yet jazzy keys, and guitar riffs that delve into such a variety of other subgenres to nearly require their own full review. In addition, the vocals run the gamut from growls to howls and everything in between.
In the hands of a lesser band, this would just be a mess, but Empty are veterans, around since 1995, and this is their fifth full length. The current trio plus guests have composed a masterpiece of hair-raising metal, rooted in the black metal tradition, but wandering deep into caverns and tunnels of bleakness. This is hateful and minimalist progressive Black Metal. The addition of the word progressive tends to make me think an album will be softer and warmer. “Vacío” is neither. It is relentless and vicious in it’s utter strangeness, and once you’re captured, it won’t let go. Come. Press play. Get lost in the darkness. (Hayduke X)A supernova explosion hundreds of light-years away from our planet may have played a role in a minor mass extinction that occurred about 2.59 million years ago, a new study suggests.
The exploding star blasted out rapid-moving charged particles known as cosmic rays that may have led to a die-off at the end of the Pliocene era and the start of the Pleistocene, researchers say.
Adrian Melott, co-author of the study and an expert from the University of Kansas, says that at that time, Africa dried out and a lot of its forests turned into savannah. Afterwards, glaciations or ice ages began to happen over and over again, although it is not clear why.
"It's controversial," says Melott. "But maybe cosmic rays had something to do with it."
Focusing On Supernovas
Supernovas can transpire in two ways: when a star that is much more massive than our sun runs out of fuel and dies, or when a white dwarf takes so much matter from a neighboring star that it reaches a limit and explodes.
In the new study, Melott and his colleagues created computer models that determined how supernovas might affect the biosphere and climate of Earth.
Scientists were especially interested in supernovas that occurred only about 300 light-years away from Earth because they think such events flared up twice recently.
One supernova explosion may have occurred about 6.5 million to 8.7 million years ago, while another occurred 1.7 million to 3.2 million years ago. The latter may be linked to the Pliocene-Pleistocene mass extinction, researchers say.
Intense Light And Cosmic Radiation
Melott says he was expecting to find very little effect at all because 300 light-years is not near enough. But the results of the study were quite surprising.
Their calculations suggest that supernovas from 300 light-years away bathed the night sky in blue that was so intense and bright that the sleep patterns of prehistoric animals were disrupted for weeks.
More importantly, a surge of cosmic radiation possibly hit terrestrial organisms and those in the shallow parts of the ocean.
"The big thing turns out to be the cosmic rays," says Melott.
High energy cosmic rays are "pretty rare," he says, but they get increased by quite a lot for a few hundred to thousands of years by a factor of a few hundred.
Melott says high energy cosmic rays can penetrate the Earth's atmosphere by tearing up molecules and ripping electrons off atoms. This goes on right down to the ground level, but it typically only happens at high altitudes.
End Result
When cosmic radiation penetrated the atmosphere, the outcome was probably a three-fold increase of the radiation dose at ground level, scientists say.
The level of radiation may have been sufficient to elevate mutation and cancer rates, but not too much, says Melott. Still, if the mutation rate was increased, it might speed up evolution.
Furthermore, the cosmic radiation from the supernova explosion may have affected the climate on Earth.
The simulations indicate that the high influx of cosmic rays allowed the molecules and atoms in the lowest layer of atmosphere to get a negative or positive charge known as "tropospheric ionization."
This process was estimated to have lasted for 1,000 years. Researchers add that the phenomenon could trigger climate change, particularly if there was instability.
Details of the new study are published [PDF] in the Astrophysical Journal Letters.
Photo: NASA Goddard Space Flight Center | FlickrCouncil adopts new Regulation to launch TACIS 1996-1999 programming cycle
The Council of Ministers of the European Union has adopted the new TACIS Regulation, which constitutes the legal basis for the TACIS programme for the period 1996 to 1999. The TACIS programme is an EU initiative which provides grant finance for know-how to foster the development of market economies and democratic societies in the New Independent States (NIS) of the former Soviet Union and in Mongolia. This new Regulation continues the commitment of previous Regulations, re-emphasizing the provision of grant finance for the transfer of know-how as the core activity of the TACIS programme. The most important new themes in the Regulation are: - Multiannual programming: increased flexibility and project concentration through four-year indicative programmes for each partner country. A financial reference amount of ECU 2,224 million for the implementation of the programme has been established for the period 1996 to 1999; - Reinforced conditionality, in particular regarding respect for democracy and human rights; - Enlarged scope of the TACIS programme to include the funding of small-scale, cross-border infrastructure projects and equity investment in SMEs. Allocations to these two items will not exceed 10% of TACIS funds; - Increased cross-border cooperation - along the Russia/Finland border, between Central and East European countries and the NIS, and between the NIS countries; - Reduced ceiling for direct agreements from ECU 300,000 to ECU 200,000; - More transparent tendering procedures. The new Regulation will shortly be published in full in the Official Journal of the European Communities.
Countries
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Georgia, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan, Moldova, Mongolia, Russia, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Ukraine, UzbekistanThe tropical tropopause layer (TTL) is a key region controlling transport between the troposphere and the stratosphere. The efficiency of transport across the TTL depends on the continuous interaction between the large-scale advection and the small-scale intermittent convection that reaches the Level of Zero radiative Heating (LZH). The wide range of scales involved presents a significant challenge to determine the sources of convection and quantify transport across the TTL. Here, we use a simple Lagrangian model, termed <i>TTL detrainment model</i>, that combines a large ensemble of 200-day back trajectory calculations with high-resolution fields of brightness temperatures (provided by the CLAUS dataset) in order to determine the ensemble of trajectories that are detrained from convective sources. The trajectories are calculated using the ECMWF ERA-Interim winds and radiative heating rates, and in order to establish the radiative influence of clouds, the latter rates are derived both under all-sky and clear-sky conditions. <br><br> We show that most trajectories are detrained near the mean LZH with the horizontal distributions of convective sources being highly-localized, even within the space defined by deep convection. As well as modifying the degree of source localization, the radiative heating from clouds facilitates the rapid upwelling of air across the TTL. However, large-scale motion near the fluctuating LZH can lead a significant proportion of trajectories to alternating clear-sky and cloudy regions, thus generating a large dispersion in the vertical transport times. The distributions of vertical transport times are wide and skewed and are largely insensitive to a bias of about ±1 km (∓5 K) in the altitude of cloud top heights (the main sensitivity appearing in the times to escape the immediate neighbourhood of the LZH) while some seasonal and regional transport characteristics are apparent for times up to 60 days. The strong horizontal mixing that characterizes the TTL ensures that most air of convective origin is well-mixed within the tropical and eventually within the extra-tropical lower-stratosphere.Recipe Details
When prepared correctly, this recipe can be look so good and delicious.
Ingredients and preparation details can be found below.
Directions
- Marinate Minced chicken with Healthy Boy Soy Bean Paste A , mix well and set aside for 10-15mins
- Soak the Chao Mian noodles in water untill soft and then drain.
- Roll Salted Yolk for each portion into a small ball shape.
- Wrap Mixed Minced Chicken around Salted Eggs Yolks
- Roll Chao Mian over the minced Chicken in basket shape, Then fry in hot oil, turn until golden yellow and crispy, sprinkle with cilantro. It is readly for serving with Healthy Boy Sweet Chilli Sauce.Key dates for the academic year 2021-2022
Staff development days are to be confirmed. This page will be updated accordingly to reflect these dates once confirmed.
AUTUMN TERM 2022
Start of Term for Teaching Staff: Tuesday 25th August
Planned Start of Year for Year 2 Students: Thursday 1st September (To Be Confirmed)
Planned Start of Year for Year 1 Students: Thursday 8th September (To Be Confirmed)
Half Term: Thursday 20th October – Friday 28th October
Resume Term: Monday 31st October
End of Term: Friday 16th December
Christmas: Monday 19th December – Monday 2nd January
SPRING TERM 2023
Resume Term: Tuesday 3rd January
Half Term: Monday 20th February – Friday 24th February
Resume Term: Monday 27th February
End of Term: Friday 31st March
Easter Holiday: Monday 3rd April – Friday 14th April
SUMMER TERM 2023
Start of Term: Monday 17th April
May Day: Monday 1st May
Half Term: Monday 29th May – Friday 2nd June
Resume Term: Monday 5th June
End of Term for Teaching Staff: Wednesday 19th JulyIt might surprise you, but many married women and men, and those who are in a long-term relationship, enjoy the pleasures of an open marriage. For these couples, online dating and hookups are a bonding experience to enjoy casual fun together.
Of course, there are also married people who are using dating apps like Tinder for a casual affair, cheating on their spouse. The difference here of course is that your partner is unaware of you sleeping with someone else.
In this article, we’ll discuss why married men and women use services like Tinder either as a couple or to cheat, affairs through Tinder, some pros and cons, and some tips for what to do if your partner is having an affair.
Table of Contents
- Why married men and women are using Tinder: open marriage vs. cheating
- Does Tinder work for married people?
- Can I find an affair on Tinder?
- Pros and Cons of using Tinder for Affairs
- Tips for using Tinder when you’re married
- What to do if you find your partner on Tinder
- Alternative Apps for Affairs and Married Dating
- FAQ about married people, Tinder, and Tinder-like services
Why married men and women are using Tinder: open marriage vs. cheating
There can be a few reasons why married men and women might use something like the Tinder app: perhaps they as a couple want to meet other people up for a real life threesome, or one of them gives the okay for their partner to enjoy a hookup with like-minded people.
Others may use it as a way to try and enjoy one-night stands by cheating on their spouse, rather than sleeping with a best friend or something.
In any case, using a dating app to meet people up for sex as a couple, or at least with your partner’s permission, is quite a bit different than using it to have an affair. This is about enjoying yourselves, meeting like-minded couples or singles, and indulging each other.
There’s a vital element of trust between you and your partner when you partake in these activities, and the love you share for each other goes beyond physical sex. To have an open marriage requires trust and faith in one another to work.
It is important to make the distinction between cheating and an open marriage. Whether you are both just enjoying yourselves or trying to please the other with some kinky fun, the open nature of this kind of dating circumvents any sneaking around or need to cheat.
Men and women who are in a committed relationship but use something like an app to cheat are explicitly concealing their activities and hurting their partner and their relationship. In many ways it is directly contradictory to the open marriage setup.
Why someone might have an affair is complicated: it could simply be an impulse to enjoy no-strings attached sex, or one of you could have fallen in love with someone else. The point is that there’s an issue in your relationship that drives you apart to look elsewhere.
Does Tinder work for married people?
If this is your first time using a dating platform like Tinder to meet up with interested singles or other couples for kinky fun, you should know that your results are going to be mixed. This isn’t to say that it can’t or won’t work, but with the way Tinder works it’s a shot in the dark.
Tinder gives you access to people locally who want to hookup, yes, but there’s no way to filter out people who want to sleep with someone who is married. It can work, but you would be better off using a service that’s a little more fine-tuned for married people to date on.
Can I find an affair on Tinder?
In short, yes, you can. Tinder is great for meeting people up to have casual sex with, and gives you a solid opportunity to at least get to know them a little before actually meeting up.
Tinder is best known for its role as one of the largest hookup dating apps in the world. However, many people take advantage of this and use it for their own affair dating. It’s little wonder too, as affairs in marriage are common enough and Tinder is so good at what it does.
However, that doesn’t mean that you’ll be able to keep your use of Tinder as discreet as you might with a dating app that’s intentionally designed for affairs. There are ways around this, but nevertheless it’s a big risk to have your cheating revealed to people you’d rather keep it from.
Pros and Cons of using Tinder for Affairs
If you are using a dating website or some sort of app for an affair, that means that you are looking for something discreet, which in turn means you’d rather your partner not know. Depending on the quality of the service, you can rely on them with some relative safety.
However, that’s not always the case, and there can be a number of pros and cons to using something like Tinder for an affair.
Pros
- A good service can be discreet so long as you use common sense, so your affair has a good chance of being undetected, at least for a while
- This is a much safer way to have an affair than randomly meeting people in a bar or club, as you can at least check out their profile ahead of time
- Dating apps have large active communities, giving you a wide range of options to date from
- You’re free to either meet up with singles, couples, or others who are cheating without having to do a lot of guesswork
- You can filter your preferences and find a match that’s actually ideal for you rather than having to settle when you look for someone to cheat with
Cons
- Sometimes an affair can transform into something far more romantic than intended, putting you into a position where you are married but in love with someone else
- If your spouse finds out that you are using an app to cheat, and they most likely will, then your relationship will be in a tough position to recover
- Any kind of affair is bound to harm your primary relationship, and the full ramifications may not be clear until too late
- Dating apps are by no means foolproof, and your spouse will be bound to notice you using an app like this
- Depending on how you have it set up, just joining a service like this can clue a lot of local people about your indiscretions
Tips for using Tinder when you’re married
Generally speaking, you need to make sure that both you and your partner are involved with something like a hookup app. Maintaining honesty and an open communication about how you two use these services and what you want out of them or are comfortable with is vital.
If you want to avoid any trending mishaps, avoid connecting via social media or making your hookups public. If you don’t mind people knowing your inclination for swinging, feel free to be as out about it as you want.
On the other hand, if you are using Tinder for an affair, you should be aware that it’s rare that it will work out for you in the long run. If you just want a one night stand that’s one thing, but if you go into it with other expectations be prepared for it to go poorly in the end.
If you really want to cheat on your partner, you would be better off using a specific service that is designed to help couples cheat on their partner.
What to do if you find your partner on Tinder
If you happen to find that your partner has a Tinder account and has been flirting or meeting up with other Tinder users, and neither of you mentioned this as something you wanted to do, then you need to confront your partner as soon as possible.
Trying to drag this out and figure out what kind of affair your partner has been having is just postponing the inevitable. It’s better to address the issues that you two have than to let them fester.
Just keep in mind that your partner will be defensive and confrontational about their indiscretion if they are found out about it. It won’t be an easy conversation and may bring up painful issues you two have, but it’ll need to happen if you two are to fix your relationship.
Alternative Apps for Affairs and Married Dating
Whether it is for an affair or some sort of swinging fun, there are a number of online dating sites and hookup apps that cater specifically to married people. Some prefer it to be for cheaters, others want married couples to share the fun.
In either case, these are some of the top services on the market today that we would recommend, offering flexibility for what and how you want to use them for. Each of these can work just as well as Tinder for helping you enjoy casual encounters and arrangements:
- Ashley Madison
- OneNightFriend
- Gleeden
- Adult Friend Finder
- Adultery.chat
FAQ about married people, Tinder, and Tinder-like services
For couples new to swinging or using hookup services to meet other couples and interested singles, it can be an exciting and tantalizing experience. However, you may have many questions, which is why we’ve answered the most frequently asked for you.
Can married couples use Tinder?
But as a bottom-line, there’s no issue with using Tinder if you’re married, whether you want to use it for swinging or cheating.
What is the best dating site for married people?
Can I find out if my husband is on Tinder?
If you suspect he is cheating on you, you’ll have to investigate his activities and see if he is being upfront about where he is going and what he does on his phone.We.Free consultation
Flour Mill, Spice Mill, Pulverizer Mill manufacturer supplier in China, offering Industrial Food Processor Coffee Grain Spice Grinder Pulverizer Machine Electric Micro Pulverizer Mill with Ce, Ks100e Manual Kebab Meat Slicer Machine Electric Shawarma Knife Cutter Doner Kebab Slicer with Ce, Electric Meat Mincer Meat Grinder Made in China and so on.Food Processing Machines (1) Industrial Masala Grinder Pulverizer Machine and Mill (7) Domestic Pulverizer Impact Pulverizer Heavy Duty Screen Pulverizer Heavy Duty Oil Cooled Pulverizer Pulverizing Mill Kneading Machine (3) Cake Kneading Machine U Type Ribbon Blender Dough Kneader Machine Grinder Machine (3) Tilting Wet Grinder.
Cheap Food Processors, Buy Quality Home Appliances Directly from China Suppliers 1200W Electric Automatic Flour Mill Machine Continuous Feeding Grain Mill Food Herb PVC ORE Grinder Mincer Pulverizer 15kg h Enjoy Free Shipping Worldwide! Limited Time Sale Easy Return.Rice Mill, Flour Mill, Flour Mill Machinery manufacturer supplier in China, offering Pulverizer Machine for Food Industry Pulverizer Grinding Equipment, Ks100e Manual Kebab Meat Slicer Machine Electric Shawarma Knife Cutter Doner Kebab Slicer with Ce, Electric Meat Mincer Meat Grinder Made in China and so on.
Cheap Food Processors, Buy Quality Home Appliances Directly from China Suppliers 2200W Food Grinder Dry Grains Bean Combined Grinding Machine Flour Mixer Chinese Herbal Medicine Pulverizer Commercial Mill Enjoy Free Shipping Worldwide! Limited Time Sale Easy Return.Machine, Machinery, Agriculture Machinery manufacturer supplier in China, offering Disc Pulverizer, Disk Mill Grinding Machine Food Grinding Mill, Press Oil Machine Processing Cold Press Screw Olive Oil Press Machine, Cast Iron Material High Strength Disk Mill for Sale and so on..Universal Herb food pharmaceutical Pulverizer Mill Crusher , Find Complete Details about Universal Herb food pharmaceutical Pulverizer Mill Crusher,Grinding Machine,Grinder For Foodstuff Chemical Pharmaceutical,Crushing Machine from Grinding Equipment Supplier or Manufacturer Sinoped International (liaoning) .
Product Name Dry Food Spice Herb Grain Powder Flour Hammer Mill Grinder Pulverizer Grinding Machine Application Food,chemical,pharmaceutical,etc Warranty One Year Capacity 3 300 Kg h.Established in the year 2008, we, Balaji Electricals are considered as one of the leading manufacturers of all kinds of Flour Mill, Food processing machine, Vertical Flour Mill Machine, Pulveriser Machine, Chips Machine, Chatni Machine, Farshan Machine, Mixer Grinder Machine, Slicer Wafer Machine, Namkeen machine, etc.
Manufacturer of Food Grinding Systems Salt Milling Machine, Tea Fibres Grinding (Food Grinder), Desiccated Coconut Powder Grinding Machine and Food Milling Machines offered by Shree Shantinath Engineers, Anand, Gujarat.Tobaccohen.
Kovai Mill Stores Kitchen Pulveriser and Milling Machine Manufacturer of Food Processing Machine, Commercial Kitchen Equipment and Sugarcane Machines from Coimbatore.Pulverizer Machine, Electric Pulverizer Machine, Mini Pulverizer Machine manufacturer supplier in China, offering Food Kitchen Mini Milling Electric Grinding Maize and Pulverizer Machine, Ks100e Manual Kebab Meat Slicer Machine Electric Shawarma Knife Cutter Doner Kebab Slicer with Ce, Electric Meat Mincer Meat Grinder Made in China and so on.
Food machinery Granulating processing line Tablet press machine Automatic Coating Machine Capsule Filling Machine Pulverizers Mill Drying Machines Granulators Mixers Blenders Herb Processing Machinery All Groups Product Catalogs.Flour Mill Machinery Suppliers and Distributors in Chennai. Sri Ganesh Mill Stores 60 years of existence and service to the food industry, is one of the top rated suppliers of food processing machineries in Chennai..Dec 04, 2021. Automatic floor standing continuous flow hammer electric mill grinder pulverizer is used for grinding cereals and spices such as maize, soybean, ginger, pepper, herbs etc. Key Features This grinder allows for continuous feeding and can operate continuously for 10 hours. industries.Food.
While Grinding and Milling may seem alike, they actually aren't. Milling scraps off the outer material of a food particle resulting in a smaller size of it. Milling machines are used for milling of any food e.g., rice. Grinding, on the other hand, is a process which involves abrasive particles like grindstones, and or metal blades to crush material from the surface of a food particle..
Food Colour Grinding Machine.2020 popular wholesale, Related Products, Promotion, Price trends in Home Garden, Home Appliances, Tools, Consumer Electronics with food pulverizer machine and wholesale, Related Products, Promotion, Price. Discover over 328 of our best selection of wholesale, Related Products, Promotion, Price on AliExpress.com with top selling wholesale, Related Products, Promotion, Price.
We have the right crusher, pulveriser, grinder or mill for the laboratory to pilot plant sample processing. We serve all major industries such as mining and metallurgy, chemistry, pharmaceutical, cement, material engineering, environment, agri food, biotech, commercial laboratories and research centres.A stainless steel made food pulverizer kitchen pulverizer is a commercial machine used for grinding purposes. It helps in bulk grinding. Due to its design and strength, it will provide you fine ground ingredients quickly. They come from the food processing equipment category. The pulverization process done by this equipment is unmatched with. Is All Just Business
May 22, 2015:
The United States recently offered $20 million in rewards for the capture or death or four ISIL leaders. This is part of a program began in 1984 that has paid out at least $125 million for information on over 80 people. These are major Islamic terrorists leaders, the ones who tend to make the news. Smaller rewards, offered by local countries and individual American units (often unofficially) have resulted in the capture of thousands more, in many cases local bandits rather than Islamic terrorists.
One of the more successful areas for these reward program was in Pakistan and Afghanistan were a growing number of informants were taking advantage of the reward program and living to spend the money. That's a big change and it made the Taliban leadership on both sides of the border, very uneasy. Between 2001 and 2009 the U.S. had given Pakistan's main intelligence agency; ISI (Inter Service Intelligence agency), tens of millions dollars of reward money for capturing or killing wanted Islamic terrorists. The live ones were turned over to the United States. Pakistan says it captured over 600 of these terrorists by 2009, but the actual number is believed to be greater. The U.S. did not look closely at exactly who got the reward money. Since 2009 the number of informants has increased, but the number of major rewards has declined because most of the high value targets had been killed or captured and their replacements were no worth equally large rewards.
Osama bin Laden has had a $25 million price on his head since late 2001 (before that it was $5 million). With that much money at stake, why hasn't someone ratted him out by now? The main reason is that large cash rewards usually, but not always, work. Getting someone to drop a dime (make a phone call) to turn someone in for a reward only works if there are phones available. Bin Laden was found and killed in 2011 living in a area with lots of phones but it still unclear if anyone got that reward. One reason for such secrecy is to keep informants and their families alive after the reward is paid, otherwise future potential informants will be more reluctant to act. The largest rewards known to have been paid out was $30 million for the two sons of Saddam Hussein.
Back in 1984, the United States began offering rewards of one to seven million dollars for information leading to the capture of terrorists, and lesser amounts to those who provided evidence against a terrorist or provided good information about a planned terrorist act. The informer, and his family, were also offered removal to a safe place (including the United States) when the reward was particularly large and the target equally important.
By September 11, 2001, five major terrorists had been captured because of this program. Over $6 million was been paid out to in over 20 cases. Some 42 percent of the informants requested security protection and another 42 percent sought relocation for themselves and family members to another country or region to avoid of retaliation.
Since then, the number of high value people captured with this program has more than tripled and the amount of money paid out has increased more than 20 times over. However, one problem with the reward program is that it does not pay attention to the realities of international terrorism. Most major terrorists, like Osama bin Laden, are well protected and hidden. Sure, there are people who know where they are, and can get in contact with people around the bad guy. But an operation to nab one of these men requires getting the message out to those who have the information, and providing informants with a realistic way to call in, and then collect and survive to enjoy the reward.
Getting the word out is not as easy as it sounds. The American FBI undertook)” was available. At least half a dozen al Qaeda big shots were caught this way and rewards paid. The proliferation of cell phone use in the tribal areas (on both sides of the border) since 2009 had make it easier for tipsters to make contact and more frequently Islamic terrorists shut down cell phone service when someone with a large price on their head is in the area.
Collecting the reward is always a major Islamic terrorist leader would be marked for murder if they suddenly displayed signs of wealth.
The fact is, there are lots of spies areas where Islamic terrorists are most active. Islamic terrorists), but means a lot more than mere things. Local:Fianna Fáil Councillor, John Paul Feeley expressed his surprise and disappointment at the news that Tamboran Resources Limited last week moved into a site near Belcoo, County Fermanagh to commence exploratory drilling. ‘There is huge local concern at the arrival of security men in the early hours of last Monday morning to erect razor wire and related fencing on a site overlooking Lough MacNean. The construction of razerwire has all sorts of negative implication for people in a border community and if nothing else amounts to a clear indication of what is to come from Tamboran. We had been assured that this type of activity could not happen in County Fermanagh but it now appears that Tamboran can commence their activities without any further consent or permission from the Northern Authorities.’ ‘Fracking has potentially serious environmental implications with resultant risk to human health. I strongly believe that proceeding with this type of technology in the light of the serious damage done in other parts of the world would be disastrous for our region and Country. In light of the recent developments, I have asked Cllr. Shane P. O’Reilly, Cathaoirleach of Cavan County Council to convene a Special Meeting of Cavan County Council to discuss the matter and to consider a detailed motion I have submitted on the issue. I am pleased that he as acceded to my request and confirm that the meeting will take place on Friday next 1st August 2014.’ ENDS John Paul Feeley County Councillor Stranamorth Blacklion Co. Cavan Tel. (087) 6989304 Sent from my iPadBank Name: Wells Fargo Bank Clayton - Us 70
Branch Name: Clayton - Us 70
Phone Number: 919-553-1492
Routing: 053000219
Office Address: 1405 Executive Drive, Clayton, NC 27520
Service Type: Full Service Office
Zip Code: 27520 of Clayton.
Clayton - Us 70 Branch Office Details
Wells Fargo Bank Clayton - Us 70 branch is one of the 5317 Offices in 37 states offices of the bank and has been serving the financial needs of their customers in Clayton, North Carolina, North Carolina since 1934. Clayton - Us 70 office is located at 899 North Carolina, Clayton. You can also contact the bank by calling the branch phone number at 919-553-1492
Wells Fargo Bank Clayton - Us: Clayton - Us 70
Bank Type: National Bank
Insurance Code: Certificate #3511
Branch Count: 5317 Offices in 37 states
Visit Official Website: Wells Fargo BankMeet Our Keratoconus Specialist in Tukwila, Washington as orthokeratology. Ortho-K lenses help children prevent their vision from worsening due to myopia or nearsightedness. In addition, ortho-k lenses help adults achieve perfect vision free of glasses or contacts without resorting to surgery.
Dr. Jitodai grew up in the Seattle, WA area and has lived there most of her life. She spends her free time watching movies, exploring the outdoors, and hiking as well as cross-country skiing and snowshoeing. She first decided to become an eye doctor after working alongside a local optometrist in town. She was impressed by the care he provided to every patient, and she felt she was a perfect fit.
This desire to help people and improve their vision continues to be what drives Dr. Jitodai, and she derives great satisfaction from positive outcomes. An example of one of those positive outcomes is whenever we see a scleral lens patient. For instance, one patient who came in had 20/80 vision. His eyes could not tolerate standard contact lenses, and prescription eyewear would not correct his vision. After Dr. Jitodai fit him with a scleral lens and his vision improved to 20/20! He was overjoyed that after years of struggling, he was able to attain a clear vision. Those opportunities to improve her patients' health and quality of life are why Dr. Jitodai became an optometrist.
The most important value to Dr. Jitodai is the ability to help restore vision to every patient. From young to old, vision plays an essential part in our lives, and she wants everyone to enjoy viewing their world.
Dr. Jitodai is an American Board of Optometry Diplomate and a member of the following distinguished organizations: The American Optometric Association, The Orthokeratology Society, and The Washington Optometric Tukwila, Washington.
Famous People with Keratoconus
Stephen Curry, one of the NBA's greatest basketball players, has Keratoconus. Diagnosed in 2019, Curry recently announced that he has been playing with Keratoconus for the past 10 years! If a great athlete can correct his blurry vision so can you! Tukwila, Washington.Things To Consider Before Applying For Small Business Loans
As a venture needs money to kick start and maintain, it is usually crucial that the loan possibilities are noticed. For accumulating the system required for the organization and then for thereafter for operating these types of services you would probably definitely will need investment capital. When there are several options available for loans, not […]Paterson's Landscape Company was created in 1994 by George and Candy Paterson. George and Candy bring over 40 years of combined experience and expertise to the cities of College Station, Bryan and surrounding communities. Versatile in both commercial and residential landscaping, irrigation and lawn maintenance.
By utilizing their individual talents and expertise, George and Candy are able to provide excellent service and meet individual clients' needs.
George Paterson - Owner
George is certified in irrigation and has over 20 years of experience. George can help you design and install your new irrigation system as well as maintain and repair your existing irrigation system. In addition, he can install and maintain all of your landscaping needs.
Candy Paterson - Owner
Candy knows how to tackle your landscape checklist. Candy works with each client to understand and help implement your individual landscaping needs. She has an eye for design and will work with you to make your landscape dreams a reality. Candy provides excellent customer service to each client and works with you to create an oasis that you can manage and maintain.
Paterson's has a dedicated support staff to ensure each job is completed to the client's satisfaction.
Paterson's Landscape Company is a specialist at helping you maximize the potential of your landscaping investments.Natural Lapis Original Dot $9.95 SKU: BUD0038 0 No votes yet Description This 12mm Original Dot fits into any Original Style Dots foundation. Share on Facebook Share via Email Get the Set Lapis Statement Set Contains Lapis Statement Dot and two Lapis Original Dots See What's Included in the Lapis Statement Set Add Lapis Statement Set to Cart Close this window 3 Products for $35.85 SKU: BUD3019$15.95 Lapis Statement 1 SKU: BUD0038$9.95 Natural Lapis Original Dot 2Yellowstone bison population stable too
Both elk and bison currently stable-
Yesterday I did a long post on the stabilization of the elk population on Yellowstone’s northern range, but I didn’t mention another important development, the recovery of the bison population to a bit over 3000 animals. Growth between 2008 and 9 has been slow. In the past years, the bison population has swung wildly, often climbing to near 5000 only to be killed off by the brutal Montana Department of Livestock as the bison literally began heading for greener pastures outside the Park.
One big change is the distribution of the bison population. It has grown strongly on the northern range, but not with the herd in central Yellowstone. In fact, the northern range bison have largely made up for the decrease in elk in terms of forage consumption.One bison eats about as much as 3 elk. So about 2/3 the bison are now living on the Northern Range.
Right now bison on the west side of the Park are getting ready to migrate out of the Park onto Horse Butte, just west of the Park. Last fall it appeared the bison would be welcomed for the first time, at least grudgingly, onto this vital calving ground. All the government agencies were lined up as was the enthusiastic major private landowner. The Forest Service even officially closed the Horse Butte cattle allotment. This allotment had already been bovine free for a number of years. However, not being officially closed, opponents of bison could use the vacant cattle allotment to persist in their false argument about the danger of bison spreading brucellosis to cattle.
At the last minute, however, the agency that is the source of all the trouble, Montana’s DOL, went back on the deal. Knuckle-dragging DOL agents are already lurking in the area. There will be Yellowstone bison population stable
My take on larger numbers of bison in the N. herd than the one based in Hayden……Dysfunctional animals mass together. Another way to say this is the totally busted up and fractured family herds are more common in the Northern range…and have been that way for a much longer time than the Hayden herd.
Just like the peoples of impoverished nations overpopulate more to try to save that species population (trying to start up structure from nothing left) the Lamar herd is reacting to massive disruption of vital infrastructure needs for species viability. These animals are filling animal refuge camps…where they stay in the Lamar Valley proper all summer.
Before Park corraling disruptions the well infrastructured and confident family groups spread out a lot further establishing homes on the Lamar side drainages…. up Cache, Cold Creek, Soda you name it.
The numbers game can not be applied to these herds to say they are RECOVERING. In fact the larger increase actually shows the opposite. Numbers in this case just shows how far out of wack this herd is.
The Hayden herd, on the other hand, still has enough remnants of families left that they are trying to rebuild infrastructure within those seperate families instead of focusing on increasing numbers. It is like a company retrenching, taking training courses for employees, and building inhouse infrastructure before expanding its other operations.
The Hayden families are trying to get members in place with order…then reproduction will commence to add to those family numbers.
What I say above is the opposite of what “normal” herd biologists would assess as to health of a “herd”. As I said before they do not have a clue. AjWhat people are saying - Write a review
We haven't found any reviews in the usual places.
Selected pages
Common terms and phrases
Adam angels apostle bear behold believe blessed blood body born bring brought called cause character chosen Christ Christian church comfort command considered continue covenant creatures cross curse death desire divine doth earth elect enemies eternal everlasting evil eyes faith fall Father feel flesh fruit further give given glory God's gospel grace hand hath head hear heart Heaven hell Hence Holy honor hope human Jesus John judge justice knowledge lead living look Lord
Popular passages
Page 11 - For ye are not come unto the mount that might be touched, and that burned with fire, nor unto blackness, and darkness, and tempest: and the sound of a trumpet, and the voice of words...
Page 149 -.
Page 233 - Isaac shall thy seed be called ; that is, They which are the children of the flesh, these are not the children of God : but the children of the promise are counted for the seed.
Page 22 - 61 - Verily, verily, I say unto you, Ye seek me, not because ye saw the miracles, but because ye did eat of the loaves, and were filled.
Page 204 - 190 - I will declare the decree : the Lord hath said unto me, Thou art my son ; this day have I begotten thee. Ask of me, and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession.
Page 233 - 161 -.Do you need Builder’s Risk Insurance for homeowners or Homeowner’s Insurance? 90% of property owners have some form of insurance. But there are key differences between Homeowners Insurance and Builder’s Risk Insurance. In this article, let’s take a look at each individual policy. What they cover and the benefits to expect.
Builder’s Risk insurance for the homeowner
Builders Risk insurance provides cover for; a new building project, remodeling, restructuring, and installation of permanent fixtures. The policy includes coverage for:
Natural disasters
8% of all water damage can be attributed to weather. Builder’s Risk Insurance for homeowners covers damages caused by wind, floods or hail among others.
For example: An overnight storm could destroy your foundations. Your insurance agent will compensate you for the material and labor costs incurred during building.
Theft and vandalism
Theft of fixtures and materials within a construction site is common. Insurance compensates for stolen materials and reimburse you for damages.
For example: Vandals break into your construction site and rip apart the electronic wiring you had done during the day.
Builder’s Risk Insurance for homeowners covers fire damage
Many chemicals and materials used in construction are flammable. Repairing fire damage can set you back financially.
Let’s say some roofing materials catch fire and burn down the roof causing it to cave in. You’re covered with your Builder’s Risk Insurance for homeowners.
Additional coverage
In addition to the above, your coverage can include some policy extensions such as:
- Debris removal and contamination clean up
- Changes in building ordinance or Law
- Profit and overhead costs loss
- Loss during transportation
Homeowner Insurance
Homeowner insurance is inadequate coverage for a building under construction. This includes a new building or renovations to an existing building.
However, this coverage is great for the homeowner. It provides the following benefits:
Financial relief
Homeowner’s Insurance will safeguard your property from hazards such as:
- Vandalism
- Fire
- Severe weather
- Theft of property
Your Homeowners Insurance will pay for repairs and replacement costs. It also covers valuables such as jewelry. So, if thieves steal all your electronics, your policy will replace your stolen property.
Fulfill lender requirements
Lenders often insist that property be insured in case of fire, vandalism or severe weather.
For instance, if you have taken a loan against your house, the lender requires that your house is in top shape. Sadly, after a big storm there is flooding that causes water damage. Your policy will cover you for repairs.
Easy recovery
Homeowners Insurance pay-outs allow families to make repairs or replace property quickly. It reduces stress and allows you to get back to your normal life. Your policy also covers temporary living arrangements for the homeowner if your home is uninhabitable. For example, if a fire burns down the house, and you have to stay at a hotel during renovation.
Protects from liability
While you strive to make your home as safe as you can, accidents still occur from time to time. If someone gets injured on your property, they can hold you liable. Let’s say a neighbor slips and falls on your deck. Your Homeowners Insurance will cover all the medical bills, legal fees and lost wages.
Builder’s Risk Insurance for homeowners is just a call away
As you can see, each policy plays a specific role. Builder’s Risk Insurance for homeowners is great if you are making changes to your property. Homeowners Insurance will protect you from any financial burden to already constructed property.
Now that you understand the differences between the two you need an insurer you can trust. To get in touch with Contractors Liability call 888-676-0923. We are here to help.Images are for illustrative purposes only and may feature different models within the range
FuelElectric
TransmissionAutomatic
0 - 62 mph5.6s
Electric Range248 miles.
Ford's Mustang Mach-E should recharge customer interest in the upper part of the family EV segment, thinks Jonathan Crouch
Ten Second Review. 81-litre space beneath the bonnet, which is provided in the form of a drainable compartment which would be good for wet or muddy clothing or footwear.. 88kWh Extended Range battery could add driving range of up to 57 miles within 10 minutes of charge time on a DC fast-charging station. At the same kind of DC public power point with a Standard Range 68 200,259.26 Inc VAT
Subject to status and conditions
or call
03330 040 888
Based on 48 month contract and 5,000 miles per year. Initial rental of £5,259.26 followed by 47 monthly rentals of £584Video company challenges gay marriage law in Minnesota
Want to shoot weddings for heterosexual couples only
The owners of a video company have filed a legal challenge to Minnesota’s gay marriage law because they want to shoot weddings for heterosexual couples only.
Carl and Angel Larsen say they will be punished for refusing wedding services to same sex couples. The St. Cloud couple owns Telescope Media Group and filed a lawsuit against the state’s human rights commission and attorney general.
The Star Tribune says their federal lawsuit has the backing of the Alliance Defending Freedom, a Christian legal nonprofit organization. Minnesota Human Rights Commissioner Kevin Lindsey says the lawsuit is part of a pattern of litigation nationwide aimed at eroding the rights of the LGBTQ community.
Minnesota’s same-sex marriage law was enacted in 2013. The U.S. Supreme Court rule in 2015 that the fundamental right to marriage is guaranteed to all.Today we complete 5 years as AWSM!
The past 5 years have been a rollercoaster ride but we have enjoyed every moment of it. We had unexpected successes, learned from our mistakes and evolved as a team. From ‘Fidiz Solutions’ to AWSM We started our WordPress journey as Fidiz Solutions in 2010. Even in the early days, we had a clear vision […]Polyamory
вЂќ The more the merrier вЂќ is clearly not only a coldness sign-off to your occasion welcome. ItвЂ™ s additionally a sexual intercourse since well as passion ideology. Some additionally contemplate it to be always a intimate choice. Polyamory may be the approach to having a few intimate lovers, withthe idea that is basic really: Why limit your personal self to just one individual at the same time when there will be many amazing fishin the ocean?
However if you want an a lot more book meaning, dependent on to ElisabethSheff, PhD, author of The Polyamorists Adjacent: Inside Multiple-Partner Relationships and in addition loved ones, polyamorous dating is вЂќ a type of unanimous non-monogamy that centers around mental relationship withseveral partners.вЂќ
There are unlimited means to make a poly partnership yet a typical aspect is in fact the life span of the primary partner. The Polyamory society site defines the main connection as вЂќ the connection type that is closest, anyone( s) supplied the essential possibility, power and concern in a personвЂ™s life.вЂќ вЂќ It вЂ s primarily an specific вЂ s main squeeze. A short while later may be the indirect partner, whichas the title proposes, suggests they get much less possibility, attention, and dedication compared to partner that is key. Along with it goes along the line originating from here.
Polyamory can certainly manage a lot of kinds. Usually it is in reality truly that within an available connection, there was really constantly a relationship that is major. Withpolyamory, there doesnвЂ™ t must be really. In a poly connection in between 3 people (described as a couple of three) everybody might enjoy the other person likewise, without faves. Within an relationship that is open there clearly was really a concentrated few in the center.
Just How To:
In the event that youвЂ™ re interested in making an attempt a polyamorous connection, initial read the under recommendations originating from Barbara Carrellas, sexual intercourse trainer and educator as well as composer of Urban Tantra.
Carrellas encourages getting these 10 measures to ensure an excellent, nurturing, also effective poly relationship.
- Determine your terms. Create every relationship is obviously clearly specified and everybody else gets from the page that is same.
- Be direct along withyour own self also as your companions. Carrellas points out, вЂќ itвЂ™ s gotten in touchwithunfaithful, not conscious non-monogamy if you are hiding, suppressing, being located.
- State your boundaries, and in addition create policies as well as agreements. Carrellas suggests that individuals вЂќ reveal when it comes to short-term. Realize that in 6 months youвЂ™ ll possibly have actually renegotiated 80 % of one’s laws. Make laws anyhow and also place onвЂ™ t break every one of them. вЂќ
- Start sluggishas well as be actually mild withyour own self. Being really proficient at polyamory is a lot like being really good at almost anything; it can take some right some time task.
- Secure sex is really a must. This is really apparent but demonstrably is really extra-essential in connection withseveral companions.
- Welcome individual growth. To be one will imagine, polyamory pushes an amount that is considerable of obviously insufficient. You’ll want to get the after measure and additionally communicate with why.вЂќ
- Ensure you get your healthconditions pleased. She suggests which you state the needs you have clearly (whichour team need certainly to most of execute, poly or monogamous).
- Eliminate competitors throughkeeping facets clear and clear. Carrellas recommends releasing your fans to each and every several other. She believes вЂќ this assists force away competition and relaxes over active innovative imaginations.вЂќ
- Carrellas encourages that you prioritize in addition to bear in mind what exactly is really best for everyone included. Most certainly not just what’s most effective for you, nevertheless, for all of us.
- And a lot of notably, Carrellas states you might be really permitted to freak any time out. You might constantly renegotiate, redefine dating atheist, or modification facets up.
Variations:
The definition of вЂќ polyfidelity вЂќ defines an united group in excess of a couple that are all connected to eachvarious other mentally or intimately, but that use a closed up connection typically. That signifies that if 4 folks are in a polyfidelity relationship, these are generally allowed to copulate eachother, but nobody else outside their foursome. Jeez, that could have the quantity of time?
Then thereвЂ™ s вЂќ polyaffectivity, вЂќ whichвЂќ concentrates on the mental website link one of individuals which can be really perhaps not enthusiasts but discuss a fanatic alike,вЂќ вЂќ claims Sheff, that composed the situation. Sheff describes the most effective poly that is typical internet web web internet sites connection compelling as вЂќ a woman along withtwo male companions being really emotionally near yet most certainly friends that are actually good we now have a great deal alike! Our expertsвЂ™ re bothactively fucking Deborah!вЂќ
Popular programs like Big Passion in addition to Sister Better halves have actually actually represented polygamy that involved one man along withmultiple partners, commonly withan underlying aspect that is theological well as with situations throughwhichthe girls placed onвЂ™ t have control and even an comparable work into the partnerships.
Showtime debuted an additional modern-skewing fact show described as Polyamory: Married & & Datingin that recorded the life of some various categories of polyamorous people.2014 Yunnan Sourcing Autumn Xiao Hu Sai Village Raw Pu-erh Tea Cake
Brand: Yunnan Sourcing Brand Pu-erh
Xiao Hu Sai village (a neighboring village to Da Hu Sai). Our Xiao Hu Sai was picked in late Autumn from wild grown tea trees 100+: October 2014 material
Quantity: 250 cakes in total produced (100 kg)
Area: Xiao Hu Sai village, Bang Dong.Learn more about the current Arizona population, as well as deep dive in to each individual counties to get extensive data. Choose to view statewide statistics or by county below.
Looking for what works? The Promising Practices section informs professionals and community members about documented approaches to improving community health and quality of life. Carefully reviewed, documented, and ranked practices that range from good ideas to evidence-based practices are provided.The Google Pixel 5a has finally been unveiled – months after Google confirmed that it existed, and its headline features include the biggest battery yet in a Pixel phone, and water resistance for the first time in an A-series model.
That battery is 4,680mAh, which compared to other non-Pixel phones is an above average but not massive size. The affordable Moto E7i Power for example has a 5,000mAh one, but the Google Pixel 5 has just a 4,080mAh one, and the Pixel 4a 5G only has 3,885mAh of life. So this is certainly an upgrade compared to its predecessors.
As for that water resistance, the Google Pixel 5a has an IP67 rating, granting it both water and dust resistance, which should allow it to be submerged in up to a meter of water for 30 minutes without lasting damage. It's a nice feature to have and something you don’t often get in the mid-range.
Elsewhere though this is a very similar phone to the Pixel 4a 5G, with the same Snapdragon 765G chipset, and the same RAM and storage amounts, at 6GB and 128GB respectively. The cameras are only negligibly improved too – it once again has a 12MP main camera, a 16MP ultra-wide one, and an 8MP selfie snapper, though the field of view on the ultra-wide is a bit wider this time, at 117 degrees.
The screen has grown a little to 6.34 inches, which makes it the biggest Pixel with a bezel-free design – at least until the Google Pixel 6 Pro lands. It’s a 1080 x 2400 OLED display with a standard 60Hz refresh rate, and other than the slightly larger screen size, the design is much the same as on the Pixel 4a 5G too, complete with a plastic back.
Rounding out the specs you get 5G and Android 11 (though this being a Google phone it should be first in line for Android 12 when that launches), plus there’s 18W charging.
If you want the Google Pixel 5a hopefully you live in the US or Japan, because it’s not launching anywhere else. In those countries it’s available to pre-order now in a single color dubbed Mostly Black, at a price of $449 (around £325 / AU$610). Its release date in those regions is August 26.
Opinion: the Pixel 5a looks set to be the least exciting Google phone this year
The Google Pixel 5a is a phone that’s hard to get excited about from the specs list. The battery boost and water resistance are nice, but otherwise this is seriously similar to a year-old handset. Given its limited availability, it almost seems like Google isn’t very excited by this phone either.
But that’s okay – it’s still likely to be a dependable mid-ranger with Google's great camera software, and for anyone with more money to throw at Google, some far more exciting stuff is coming soon.
The Google Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro are expected within the next couple of months, and they sport wild new designs, custom chipsets, and strong all-round specs from what we know so far. Then there’s the Pixel Fold, which is more mysterious but could also land before the year is done, and might give the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 3 some competition.The Signatures Restaurant is closed to in-person dining at the moment. We are open for take-out on special days only with preset menus to order. You can subscribe to our newsletter and follow us on social media to be informed whenever there is a new take-out occasion. Our team is dedicated to answering all your questions.
We invite you to contact us at contact@signaturesrestaurant.com.
Located 2021 Le Cordon Bleu International B.V. All Rights Reserved.essay helpbuy essays cheapspelling check free
Sobre Mí
Lots of online gaming sites have mushroomed into the great subject of the net throughout the years. When there are lots of great ones available, there are also lots that will have you shout'Houston, we have a problem' in the very top of your lungs when you attempt to deposit and cash out. But until you get as hectic as a distance fighter whilst seeking an internet casino which will perfectly suit your playing requirements, we recommend you to take a deep breath and allow our casino pros at Gambling Planet to help you with our insider understanding.
Casino Sites for Read more... a Wide Array of Gamblers
Our Pros Can Lead You to the Best Internet Casinos in the World.
Why should you bet online rather than in a casino?
Online gambling websites are more regulated compared to land-based counterparts; casino betting sites provide a Read more extensive selection of casino games compared to their basic counterparts, along with also the majority of online casinos give online casino bonuses to assist you increase your bankroll.
With online payment methods, depositing and withdrawing money is straightforward.
Online casinos often offer you a wide assortment of languages.
Our Online Casino Website Reviews
We place you in the heart of the online casino planet at Live4Gambling. Really, unlike most other betting sites that promise to be full guides to internet casinos, our guides are not restricted to casino testimonials. Rather, we've chosen to make our website as comprehensive as possible by providing you with a plethora of information. You'll find everything you want to succeed here! Have a peek at what our site has to offer Regarding guides below:
Our online casino evaluations try to cover every aspect of an internet casino. So, assume you're searching for an internet casino to combine. If that's the instance, Click now!!! our in depth casino evaluations of all of the top online casinos can assist you in locating the most OK casino online for you. In addition, we provide information on the best online casino cell phone programs for players who wish to take their cellular casino together anywhere they Go now___.
Make Use of Our Casino Online Guides to Locate Your Gambling Planet
XX6112021Hide Forgot
An incorrect security ui flaw was found in the Downloads component of the Chromium browser.
Upstream bug(s):
External References:
Created chromium tracking bugs for this issue:
Affects: epel-all [bug 1984681]
Affects: fedora-all [bug 1984680]
This CVE Bugzilla entry is for community support informational purposes only as it does not affect a package in a commercially supported Red Hat product. Refer to the dependent bugs for status of those individual community products.4″ Triple Moon ceramic oil diffuser
Out of stock
Free shipping on orders over $50!
- Satisfaction Guaranteed
- No Hassle Refunds
- Secure Payments
Description
This is a Triple Moon oil burner in a mate black finish. Pour your favorite oil or wax melt in the top and watch the glow through the center moon. 31/2″ x 4″.
Additional information
Only logged in customers who have purchased this product may leave a review.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Alex Stone in his video The Secrets of Meeting and Charming Women stresses the importance of joining a gym. He says how some men fear joining a gym because they do not resemble the muscle bound hunks they expect to find there. Alex points out that many of the people who go to gyms are not muscle bound hunks. If one gets in shape besides becoming physically more attractive one will become more self confident and women are attracted to men with self confidence.
Table of ContentsBelgium’s Masquito Helicopter Project
The Masquito M80 was a Belgian two-seat ultralight helicopter created by the brothers Stefaan and Paul Masschelein being designed and built by Masquito Aircraft in the mid 1990’s. The prototype was designated the Maschelin M58 Masquito. It was powered by a 64 hp (48 kW) Rotax 582 engine driving a two-bladed main rotor and a conventional two-bladed tail rotor. Both the M58 and the M80 helicopters had two side-by-side seats and were fitted with two traditional style fixed skids as a landing gear but a rather unusual overhead cyclic control.
Belgium M80 Masquito helicopter two dimensional computer views
The M58 first flew in May 1996; it was later modified to the proposed production model with a modified Australian designed four stroke air cooled Jabiru 2200 engine and re-designated the M80 (replacing the Jabiru magnetos and carburetor with electronically-controlled dual ignition and fuel injection of their own design).
Masquito helicopter two dimensional computer views
The Masquito went through many technological changes at a production and test facility in Diksmuide, Flanders, Belgium including a fluid drive tail rotor, various engine modifications and the eventual addition of a cooler for the main rotor gearbox.
Masquito M80 helicopter hovering – note the unusual semi-reclined seating
Three further M80 prototypes including the last fitted with a custom made M2.6L engine were built but the type failed to gain the appropriate certification and no others were produced due to inadequate funding.
The Masquito M2.6 engine developed during 2002-2005 weighed approximately 110 lbs. It was developed from the Jabiru 2200 by increasing the bore. Other changes include dual, variable timing, electronically-controlled ignition, fuel injection, and forced-air cylinder cooling. Engine performance quoted was for operation with the helicopter transmission.
The company has been defunked since 2003 after the French an EU refused it certification to fly in it’s current configuration. The Masquito was an OK chopper and innovative design but with way to many harmonics to fly safe, one of the biggest issues on ALL helicopters to date. The refusal to certify an aircraft of a company running on a shoe string budget lead to their unfortunate collapse.
>
Design features – (final version)
Carbon composites blades.
Rotorhead with Hiller servo bar.
Carbon fibre tail boom.
Shaft driven tail rotor.
Modified 2.2 Liter Jabiru Aero Engine
For a four (4) cylinder, horizontally opposed engine, this engine’s overall dimensions are extremely small. The engine was designed and manufactured by Jabiru (Australia) for their 2 seat airplane, with peak power developed at 3,300 rpm.
After nearly three (3) years of testing in our prototypes, we found we needed to make substantial modifications to the standard engine to provide optimium results in our M80 helicopter. Most of the time between September 2000 and February 2002 was spent making these various changes._2<<
Be the first to comment on "Masquito Helicopter – Belgium Two Seat Experimental Helicopter"afp Andrew Puzdar angela merkel bernie sanders briefing room davos Donald Trump elizabeth warren federal workers healthcare inauguration john brennan Koch brothers labor secretary NATO nuclear weapons Obama obamacare OEM press pool protests pt News Brief russia sanctions times of london TrumpCare world economic forum
Trump Will Make America Healthy Again! (LOL) Wonkagenda For Mon., Jan. 16, 2017
Happy MLK Day, Wonkers! We hope you all had a lovely weekend. Here's some of the things we may be talking about today!
- Trump says he wants to give "insurance for everybody," but he's not saying if that means universal coverage or cheap, plastic lunch boxes full of vodka and band-aids. Luckily, Bernie Sanders is still screaming about socialist healthcare with Elizabeth Warren. (The good screaming, and the good socialist healthcare.)
- The White House Press pool might be getting thrown into the deep end as the incoming Trump administration considers moving the White House press room, and that's causing all types of rage and commentary from grumpy olds.
- Outgoing CIA Director John Brennan was on teevee this weekend and suggested that Trump stop being such a dick to the U.S. spy agencies, so of course Trump, in his infinite wisdom, accused Brennan of leaking his pee pee tape.
- Trump spoke with some NOT AMERICAN newspaper where he called NATO old and shitty and German Chancellor Angela Merkel a failure, and floated easing sanctions on Russia, prompting every U.S. ally in Europe to simultaneously shit itself in terror. Also, he won't stop tweeting.
- Big corporations are setting large effigies of cash on fire for Trump's inauguration in an attempt to influence other idiots with deep pockets.
- Lady Liberty's divorce with Obama is already putting a strain on federal workers who are nervously tiptoeing around their D.C. offices in fear that they could be randomly fired by their boss.
- Speaking of being fired, Carl's Jr./Hardee's CEO and Trump's pick for labor secretary, Andy Puzder, is genuinely despised by his employees for being a rich, insensitive prick who would rather hawk half-naked women eating grease burgers than pay honest wages.
- Now that Republicans control the Congress and the White House, the Koch Brothers are back to their same old chicanery, threatening Republicans and Red State Democrats with truckloads of money.
- The World Economic Forum released its 2017 Inclusive Growth and Development report today, the gist of which is things are bad. The poor are getting poorer, and the rich getting richer, but the U.S. is doing better than you might think. Thanks, Obama!
- The A-List celebrities avoiding the inauguration will be gathering in New York City to protest Trump on Thursday, with similar protests planned all over the country throughout the week in preparation for the inauguration.
- Our B. Barry Bamz sat down with the LIBERAL New York Times to talk about the Marxist literature he's been reading and recommending to people, and how he became a writer after smoking marijuana cigarettes.
- And here's some bonus nice time! It's SNL's hard take at Trump's press conference from last week. NOT FUNNY! SAD!
- And, finally, your morning Nice Time: RIVER OTTERS!Lexington, Kentucky
Youth Salute’s 2020 Lexington Youth Leader of the Year is senior Bryson Berry of Frederick Douglass High School. He received a $500 scholarship and Star Award from Holifield Photography, plus an access pass for this fall’s National Council on Youth Leadership program, which went virtual amid the COVID-19 pandemic.
The Central Kentucky Council on Youth Leadership conducts the annual Youth Salute in conjunction with the nonprofit National Council on Youth Leadership. Rising seniors are nominated by their high school counselors, teachers, principals, and other community leaders. They must have at least a 3.0 grade point average and have been chosen by their peers or an adult leader for at least two leadership roles in school, religious, or community organizations during the past two years.
Youth Salute celebrated the Central Kentucky nominees via Holifield Photography’s biographical displays at Fayette Mall. The students also participated in an online leadership seminar hosted by Asbury University. For questions, please call Holifield at (859) 276-2040.
(Posted Dec. 3, 2020)3 Bedrooms / 3 Bathrooms. Sleeps up to 12. Located in Eagles Ridge North, in the heart of Pigeon Forge.
3D Walk-Through
Amenities
- Bedrooms
- King suite with attached full bath (upper level)
- Queen suite with attached full bath (main level)
- Queen over Queen bunks (lower level)
- 2 Queen Sleeper Sofas (loft and game room)
- Full Bathroom on each level
- Walking distance to community pool (Memorial Weekend – Labor Day Weekend)
- Hot Tub
- Fireplace
- Game Room
- Pool Table
- Air Hockey
- Arcade that plays 60 classic games (Pac Man, Donkey Kong, Frogger, etc.)
- Media loft with smart TV and PS4
- Jetted Tub
- Natural Gas Grill
- No Pets
Reserve or Inquire
No booking fees when you reserve direct from Bigfoot Cabins!
Payment Terms: 50% down – 50% due 30 Days before Arrival
Repeat guest? Contact us for the repeat guest discount code!
Note: there are no other coupon codes available.
Cancellation Policy*: Guest receives 100% if cancellation occurs more than 60 days before arrival; Guest receives 50% if cancellation occurs more than 30 days before arrival; No refunds within 30 days of arrival.
*As of March 28, 2021. If you booked prior to this date, check your confirmation for the cancellation policy that applied to your reservation.Published on May 31,2014
NAIROBI, A Kenyan pilot was killed Sunday when a light aircraft he was flying in crashed on a transmitter in Limuru region, central Kenya, affecting several radio stations signal, officials have confirmed.
A senior police officer in Limuru said the pilot, Capt. Philip Koech, was alone when the fixed wing two engine 5Y-DMS PA-28 plane crashed near Nairobi. Officials at the airport said the pilot had contacted the control tower at 12:55 p.m. as he left Naivasha.
“We have not established the cause of the incident but investigations are underway,” said the officer who sought anonymity.
He said the plane was heading to Wilson Airport, one of the country’s busiest airports in Nairobi, from Oserian in Naivasha when the incident happened. It is not clear what caused the crash, but the area was foggy at the time of the incident.
“Television and radio antennas, microwave links and feeder cables have been affected by the crash,” Radio Africa CEO Patrick Quarcoo said on Sunday.
“However, our technical team is on site assessing the damage and working on a back-up plan to ensure that we will be back on- air in the affected areas by tomorrow morning,” said the CEO.
The latest incident comes a day after another chopper carrying National Assembly Speaker Justin Muturi was forced to make an emergency landing on a farm in the Aberdares Saturday evening causing panic.The top 10 concerts in Toronto this August
It's summertime, and that means the top concerts in Toronto this August are especially packed with talented folks dropping by our fair city. Drake takes a moment from constructing his mansion to perform, while superstars Taylor Swift, Ed Sheeran, and Shakira also pay us a visit.
Join the conversation Load comments
Have an event you’d like to plug? Submit it for free and we’ll add it to the calendar.Submit Your Event
Check out our Events section for more upcoming events in Toronto .WATCH | Reopening Has Begun. Here’s What’s Next for Businesses.
The economy shut down almost overnight, but it won’t restart that way.
In the early phases of reopening, businesses will almost certainly be required to operate at reduced capacity to allow for greater social distancing. That will require changes for virtually all companies.
Watch this webinar to learn:
- Key questions to consider now, before you reopen your business
- How to maximize PPP forgiveness
- Ways to pivot your business now and later
- How to lead your business through this new phase
Reopening Business Slide Deck
Details and challenges associated with companies re-opening their offices and other business locations.
Blank PPP Forgiveness Tracker
Download a blank spreadsheet to keep track of the forgivable uses of your Payroll Protection Program loan.
PPP Forgiveness Tracker with Example Data
Download the PPP Forgiveness tracker with example data on staff reductions and pay cuts.Annual Report 2020 released
2020 was another strong year for DSV Panalpina despite the COVID-19 pandemic.
“Despite the COVID-19 pandemic and unpredictability throughout the year, 2020 was another strong year for DSV Panalpina. Thanks to an extraordinary effort by our staff, we delivered excellent results across all our divisions and markets. We completed the Panalpina integration and achieved an operating profit before special items of DKK 9,520 million, which is a significant increase of 47% compared to 2019. 2021 will be another challenging year, but with our strong and flexible business model and the right people on board, we will make sure to keep our customers’ supply chains flowing,” says Jens Bjørn Andersen, CEO.
Q4 2020 results
For Q4 2020, revenue amounted to DKK 31,716 million (Q4 2019: DKK 30,122 million). The growth of 10.5% (in constant currencies) was mainly driven by increased freight rates. Q4 2020 is the first quarter with full impact of the Panalpina acquisition on comparative figures.
For Q4 2020, gross profit came to DKK 7,212 million (Q4 2019: DKK 7,084 million). The growth in gross profit came to 6.6% (in constant currencies) for the Group and was driven by good performance in all three divisions.
EBIT before special items was up by 54.6% (in constant currencies) to DKK 2,616 million for Q4 2020 (Q4 2019: DKK 1,784 million). All three divisions contributed to the growth, which was supported by strong cost discipline and the impact from Panalpina integration synergies.
Dividend
The Board of Directors proposes ordinary dividends of DKK 4.00 per share for 2020 (2019: DKK 2.50 per share).
Outlook for 2021
- EBIT before special items is expected to be in the range of DKK 10,500-11,500 million.
- The effective tax rate of the Group is expected to be approximately 23%.
The 2021 outlook assumes a stable development in the markets in which we operate and a continued gradual recovery of the global economy after the COVID-19 crisis.
Share buyback – increase of current programme
A separate company announcement about an increase of the current share buyback programme of DKK 2,000 million will be issued today. This means that the maximum aggregate purchase price of the shares to be bought back is increased to DKK 8,000 million. The programme will run until 30 April 2021.
New 2025 financial targets
After the integration of Panalpina, the following 2025 financial targets have been set for the Group and for each division.
Investor teleconference
DSV Panalpina will host an investor teleconference on 10 February 2021, at 13.00 CET. Please refer to investor.dsv.com for details.
Any questions?
Flemming Ole Nielsen, Executive Vice President,
IR and Corporate CommunicationMcKINNEY, Texas (CBDSFW.COM) – A woman says she was attacked by a man while walking on the Eldorado trail, a popular walking, jogging and biking path in McKinney.
It happened around 5:00 p.m. Sunday, while there was still daylight.READ MORE: Small Business Saturday Offers North Texans Another Day Of Deals And Steals
The victim told police a man wearing a black hoodie walked up from behind her and grabbed her arm.
She said he told her not to look at him and that he was going to kill her.
The woman screamed and the man took off.
McKinney hike and bike trail. (J.D. Miles – CBS 11)
Nan Martin, who has been living in the neighborhood for 25 years, said she’s always been careful but will be more even cautious on the trail after hearing about this incident.READ MORE: TCU Falls 48-14 To Iowa State
“I don’t go in the dark, 5 o’clock right now. It’s starting to get dark so I just don’t go in the dark. I go in the morning when there were usually a lot of people on the trail,” she said. “I feel safe if there are people on the trail.”
Joan Lewis says this news reminds her of a similar experience she had on the trail decades ago.
“It was in a very secluded area back behind the dam,” she said. “It’s just shocking it’s something you never expect.”
The Lewis’ want to see the city extend fencing around the trail which is only a few feet from a State Highway 75 overpass.
McKinney Police are investigating.
They said there there were two similar incidents along the city’s hike and bike paths last summer.MORE NEWS: Happy Black Friday! Experts Predict 159 Million People Ready To Shop This Weekend
They also tell us there were 2 incidents along the city’s hike and bike paths last summer.I guess they are simply a different type of gamer over there. I get that those of us here on the official Stardock forums are more motivated to help and or defend the game but over there they start out hostile and its a challenge to covey information without being cynical.
They whine about no Tactical Combat, I mean really let it go, and move on.
They whine about the definition of what Beta means and if they are getting 'ripped off' by Stardock. My response is, its Beta because 'These developers say it is'.. but alas more QQ.
They whine about the price for a 'EA' (Early release?) and its some kind of scam. Really? Then don't purchase it....
I know we are invested with Steam and I get that it is an excellent distribution platform. I have worked in retail for 20 years and I have never delt with such a hostile crowd of folks.
There is absolutely zero reason for this post other than to hear myself complain about complainers on another website, Ironic eh?
Anyway, keep up the good work Stardock. I liked the stream and I look forward to Raynman next week.
I
I read the forums there one time and that was all I needed. My son says there are trolls on steam that never intend to buy the game and just like to see someone take their bait. It feels like home here with the long time bonds.
Amen Ed. [e digicons]:beer:[/e]
Best to try to ignore it or stick to here... There have been some decent discussions there but as Edladner mentioned there are also a lot of people just interested in disrupting any posts for whatever reason.
There is a lot of anger directed towards any early access steam release at the moment. Most of those people do not realize that Stardock for many years has been providing betas for customers long before 'early access' on steam was a thing.
There are many great features available to you once you register. Sign Up
for a free account and browse the forums without ads.
The Steam forums are pretty terrible. So many trolls, crybabies, and entitled jerks. lol
But yeah, I see a lot of people on Steam complaining endlessly about the $100 Elite Founder thing... um... nobody's making them buy it.
But they still rant about how Stardock is ripping them off and such.
What's funny is that these same people will happily toss $60+ to pre-order some big AAA title from companies that have proven themselves untrustworthy time and again (giving us crap like WatchDogs for example). But when a proven company like Stardock gives people an option to support an upcoming game, they go ballistic.
Yes, the Founder stuff is expensive. It's also never forced on anyone. And while it's a great way to support the company, you can also do so by simply buying the game once it's out.
There are the complaints that companies used to pay testers to alpha and beta test their games and that now most companies (and most indie devs) rely on Early Access for that. And there is some truth to that. But again, it's completely voluntary. If you want to wait for the game to be out... then just wait.
I bought the elite Founder pack for a couple of reasons. The first is simply because I want to support Stardock. They make some amazing games (admittedly I was very disappointed with Fallen Enchantress, but I know others love it). And more importantly, they're not DRM buttholes like most companies who design systems to punish legitimate buyers of their games while letting the pirates have a wonderful time of things (I'm looking at you Ubisoft).
I remember having a friend over and him trying out GalCiv II. He thought it was awesome. So I gave him a copy. He asked about what cracks and such he'd need to play the game. I told him all he had to do was put it in and play. He was floored by that. Naturally he later went out and bought the complete bundle, because if you treat customers with respect (and not like criminals which most companies do) then you get damn loyal customers who will gladly buy your games (even if they don't have to).
True, GalCiv III has Steam, which is DRM in itself. So that is a little disappointing. I'm hoping there will be a Steam-free version though. If nothing else just so that the pirates don't win again. lol
Of course the other reason I bought the thing was to get all the DLC/expansion stuff. Cause really $100 is a good deal for a game like this with all expansions and content. I figure we can expect at least 3 expansions for it. Hopefully many more (but not a ton of little crappy DLC like Civ V did).
I try to avoid Steam if possible. I don't like Steam. GalCiv 3 is one of the few things that have dragged me back (I really loved GalCiv 2). I would really like it if GalCiv 3 didn't need Steam, but that doesn't appear to be going to happen any time soon. Maybe it would be worth while to ask the question again, this time in the dev stream.I don't know much about the Steam culture, as I don't hang out. However, the times I've read threads on other sites (like this one), I often hear from fanboys who can't seem to understand why some people would have a problem with it, or can't acknowledge that there are problems.Unfortunately, Steam dominates so much that, if I recall correctly, that Brad has even said if you don't use Steam then you are not a PC gamer. A shame really, Stardock used to run Impulse, a short lived competitor to Steam. It had potential. From what I understand, Stardock couldn't manage it to their satisfaction and sold it off (to GameStop of all companies). Suffice to say, not many people were happy with that decision.
Impulse is still running strong under gamestop. I still enjoy playing the earth 2150 games.
Steam forums is more your general forum like a Gamefaqs, where Stardock-type forums tend to get a little higher grade of individual.
That said, you find good people and trolls on both.
The anger at Early Access is due to the actions of other games, Stardock just happens to not have earned their trust yet. You saw a similar reaction after War of Magic, where the longtime Stardock fans were willing to give Stardock a 2nd chance, and those who weren't just assumed Stardock was going to screw them because WoM was their 1st impression of Stardock.
I go on there for the LULZ and sometimes troll hunt.
More like "Hunt the Wumpus"
Manipulate them though chocolate.
Bull shit, I got watch dogs recently and its one of the best I've ever played. It's like person of interest...the game. I love it.
Not to say I didn't buy anno 2070 because I heard there DRM is the worst.
Impulse is dead, and why did you mention this...quit ranting DW!
And what's wrong with steam?!?!?
DARCA
I'll nitpick and disagree on this one point. Not because I want to continue to beat a dead horse but because this is AT LEAST related to the the game and the preference of tactical combat is not by itself an internetz troll behavior (although it CAN devolve to that point)
tactical combat
Say it again [e digicons]:inlove:[/e]
Say it again [e digicons]:inlove:[/e]
"tactical combat"
cue quick shudder and maniacal laughter
Okay now we just need a picture of Samuel L. Jackson and a suitable caption which I'm sure you can think of
While I like buying games on steam I have to say that the steam forums are seldom worthwhile for any game and certainly for this game you are much better off here. I just shrug over the critisisms on steam. You cant please all of the people all of the time.
One good thing about steam is the support for older games. My son just got GC2 ultimate for 1.00.
Hey, if you enjoyed it, more power to you. Most people found it to be crap. So many promises not delivered. Not to mention the whole graphical downgrade fiasco. Plus countless people couldn't even play the game properly because of DRM issues (as well as general issues with system related bugs).
The main issue with games like WatchDogs and other big titles is that a lot of the time the companies promise big things, only to cut back on half of it by release time. They show these amazing videos which are NOT how the actual game ends up. They push graphics over all else, giving bland games with no innovation or replay value, hoping that graphics alone will make up for it (which they don't).
You get endless generic cover-based shooters, carbon copy sports games, and other trash, while companies like Stardock actually put out games which are new and different. Yes, Enchantress and GalCiv are strategy games, and they're similar to other such titles (because there's always going to be similarities). But they also do things differently, adding new mechanics, or changing how old systems work. So it's not just the same game over and over again with very slightly better graphics (seeing as we've basically hit the limit of what graphics can do).
I got Anno 2070. While UPlay is complete and utter garbage and the absolute worst way to implement DRM... Anno itself is an amazing game beyond words..And never wash your hands. “If you see something out of the ordinary, follow it,” chemist Bob Filler advises science students in the IIT newsletter Perspectives on the Professions (January 1991). “Those tangents are sometimes where the interesting science is.” Nutra-sweet, for instance, “was discovered in Skokie about fifteen years ago. A researcher went home and noticed that his food was sweet. His wife said, ‘I put nothing in it.’ He said, ‘Oh yes you did.’ It turned out that he hadn’t washed his hands completely when he left the lab. He went back and realized that he had discovered a non-caloric synthetic sweetener.”
Jane Byrne redux. “Though she was a disastrous mayor…she was the victim of sexism at the hands and mouths of the ugliest men imaginable,” writes William J. Leahy in Leahy’s Corner (February 1991). “The press used every unflattering photo of her that they could. Those Washington supporters who claimed that they were the first to beat the Machine lied. She was the first. Widowhood forced her into domestic isolation, and when she took power she resorted to the only weapons that women are allowed to have by men: gossip, backbiting, shrieking, quick changes of mind, tantrums, and all the rest that we men force women into. Daley is too small a man to take her in from the cold. She could easily head his administration’s efforts on behalf of women or perhaps as an ambassador for tourism for Chicago.”
The block club program from hell. A recent press release reveals that the Internal Revenue Service Outreach Program is “actively soliciting speaking engagements throughout 1991.ÉOutreach speakers are experienced tax law specialists….They can explain the audit process, simplify IRS notices and collection procedures…”
Humming will be strictly prohibited. The Museum of Broadcast Communications plans to host “An Evening With Chicago’s Hottest Jingle Writers” May 21.
Swamped. George Bush’s “no net loss” policy on wetlands is not working, according to a Lake Michigan Federation study: “Of 1,995 permits granted between 1986 and 1989 to dredge and fill wetlands or navigable waters in the U.S. portion of the Great Lakes Basin, only 73 permits required wetlands to be mitigated….For every acre gained in the Basin through mitigation, 1.87 acres were permitted to be destroyed.”
“The protests of suburban taxpayers notwithstanding, it isn’t Illinois’ wealthy suburbs that are paying the most onerous rates,” writes James Krohe Jr. in Chicago Enterprise (April 1991). “The highest effective 1988 property-tax rate (4.421 percent) was paid by the citizens of impoverished East St. Louis. The lowest rate–only .989 percent– was paid in Northbrook; the next lowest rate was Chicago’s 1.433 percent.”
“Of the National Association of Radio Talkshow Hosts’ more than 900 members, only 50 are women,” writes Toni L. Kamins in Extra! (March/April 1991). “Regardless of what they have to say, women are constantly judged by their looks. By contrast, Rush Limbaugh, the powerful and provocatively right-wing host heard on some 280 outlets nationwide, is never described as the thrice-divorced, tubby king of radio talk.”
Gagging on GATT. The Newsletter (April 1991) from the Chicago environmental group Terra says that the push to “harmonize” world food-safety standards in the name of “free trade” could be hazardous to your health. “Many Codex [UN] standards are far below those now enforced by the US EPA….Codex standards for DDT residue on peaches and bananas are 50 times higher than those of the US EPA.”
“If a developer wants to get in and make a quick profit on a building, that’s going to tell you something,” Dan Murphy, vice president of Environmental Systems Design, tells Dale Eastman in The Neighborhood Works (April/May 1991). ESD is the largest electrical engineering and consulting firm in the midwest. “It’s going to tell you to go with electricity. But if a developer or owner says, ‘I want a building I can live in for 20+ years and I don’t want my fuel costs to be exorbitant,’ that’s going to tell you to go with gas. Because long-term, gas is going to be at least three times cheaper than electricity, and that’s just the way it is.” A combination of Com Ed incentives and short developer time-horizons, however, has made the vast majority of Loop office buildings all-electric during the last 20 years.
“No one says of a person building his dream house, ‘Does he really need so many rooms?’ nor of an author, ‘There she goes publishing another novel. Can’t she just settle down and enjoy the two she’s already written?’ But a couple expecting their fourth or fifth baby is discussed all over town,” writes Jo McGowan in U.S. Catholic (March 1991). “People who write books or build houses or play musical instruments all have to achieve their goals with sacrifice. The point is that the goal should be worth it. In the case of children, there no longer seems to be a consensus on this question.”
Art accompanying story in printed newspaper (not available in this archive): illustration/Carl Kock.I am not generally someone who goes looking for MP3s to download although I must admit to maybe pulling down a dozen songs or so with Kazaa, so having found a large cache of FREE mp3s I feel the need to share. Don’t ask me why but I decided to compose a letter this weekend using mostly conservative news sources to convince conservatives that Bush is NOT in their best interests so oddly enough I finally end up on the Christian Science Monitor site. I know, most of you are rubbing your eyes and wondering just what kind of Clay Jars, Petra, or Stryper I’m trying to pawn off on you but I swear it’s not like that at all.
They had a story about protest songs making a comeback and in the story there was a link to PunkVoter.com which, for an aging punk, intrigued me. I went to the site and nosed around a bit and am planning to put an order in for the Rock Against Bush Volumes I & II in the next few days, but in the course of looking around found a treasure trove of free MP3s of songs from the bands they promote. Kind of a Whitman’s sampler of good harsh old school punk!
If you want to see what they have please make sure to check out their ENTIRE site because it is worthwhile to anyone hoping to sink the Bush Admin in November. The link to the songs (if you don’t find it when checking their links) is
Right now I am listening to NOFX – Idiots are Taking Over. Here’s a quick sample:
…Someone’s flopped a steamer in the gene pool,
now angry mob mentality is no longer the exception – it’s the rule.
And I’m starting to feel a lot like Charleton Heston,
stranded on a primate planet,
apes and orangutans that ran into the ground the generals and armies that obeyed them.
Followers following fables, Philosophies that enabled them to rule without a guard
There’s no point to Democracy when ignorance is celebrated…
I may not have ALL the wording right but I did mention I am an AGING punk with ears to match. Now imagine the lyrics coming at you with an angry driving beat that you remember from the days when you paid $5.00 bucks for five bands and listened to them all night in a building that surprisingly was not condemned.
Or how about The Irrationality of Rationality?:
…Dan, a company man felt loyalty to the core,
after sixteen…
Tonight I almost feel young again. Some of me jiggles more when I head bang and my knees are reminding me that my mosh-pit days are long behind me, but damned if I don’t miss those days. I made shit for a paycheck, but as angry as I tried to be I still hadn’t lost my innocence. Hearing these songs gives me hope that some future generation might be able to fix things using their youthful exuberance and relative inexperience, just so long as they keep the faith.
Anyhow, I know it’s late now that I am waxing nostalgic. Goodnight folks, enjoy the tunes and remember – ANYBODY BUT BUSH in 2004!!!.buy Ivermectin online uk primary is the clear front runner. Front runners are media targets. They are the focus of every other campaign. And when they go down, they often fail to get up (Ask Ted Kennedy’s, Gary Hart’s, and Howard Dean’s campaign teams.) But somehow, throughout this GOP presidential primary roller-coaster ride, Mitt Romney has managed to remain the front runner without being the focus of attention. That’s a neat trick.
Romney has consistently held around 22-24 of the national GOP primary vote in a field of more than seven. And throughout the months, his opponents have managed to take turns attracting the national spotlight for a few weeks — and then fading, leaving Romney in the lead again, largely unscathed and with low negatives among the general electorate. First there was Mike Huckabee, who chose not to run; then Michele Bachmann; then Rick Perry; then Herman Cain, and now it’s Newt Gingrich starring as the conservative dark horse candidate to nip Governor Romney at the wire.
But it’s only a matter of time before Newt Gingrich blows it. He’s famously arrogant and intellectually undisciplined, which is why National Review’s Jonah Goldberg warns him today to accept the Union Leader endorsement with a dose of humility. The smart money says that won’t happen. It always wagers that the leopard will remain spotted.
Newt’s sudden surge in the polls is timed perfectly for Romney, if his good luck holds out. The first primary voting begins in fewer than two months, and Newt should be able to survive at least a few weeks in the media spotlight — freezing every other dark horse candidate in place. When he falters — and his track record strongly suggests he will — there will be no other viable choice in the GOP field but Mitt. And watch how quickly conservatives get in line then.
The last bump in the road between Mitt Romney at the GOP Convention stage in Tampa is Newt Gingrich. Could central casting mortals have done better?
Mitt 2012!!!
[…] Earl of Pomposity generously assumed frontrunner status in the final weeks of the Iowa Caucuses, freezing the rest of the GOP field in place before […]Paul Okoye, has taken to his social media page to seemingly react to the trending topic on social media, Hushpuppi.
According to the former member of the defunct singing group – PSqaure, social media validation would be end of this generation.
He wrote on his instastory ;
Abeg una hear the amount of money ???
Social media go kee this generation.
This is coming after a recent video detailing the arrest of Instagram Big Boy, Hushpuppi was released by the Dubai Police. According to the information acquired from the video, Hushpuppi’s arrest was heavily assisted with the fact that he lived a flamboyant lifestyle on social media.'Pool death' investigation
Egyptian police have denied that two lifeguards have been arrested at the holiday resort where five year-old Chloe Johnson died on Friday. Chloe from Forest Hill drowned in a swimming pool while on holiday in Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt.
Live updates
Anger over 'lack of lifeguards' at Egyptian resort
Chloe's grandparents, April and Gordon, said they could not understand claims that there were no lifeguards on duty who could have pulled her from the water.
Statement from First Choice
Tour operator First Choice have issued another statement concerning the death of five-year-old Chloe Johnson.
Chloe, from Forest Hill in South London, was on holiday with her family in Egypt.
She died in a water park at the Coral Sea Waterworld Hotel in the Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh.
Advertisement
Family were staying at the Coral Sea Waterworld
Tour operator First Choice say they are investigating the circumstances surrounding Chloe's death.
In a statement they."
Five-year-old drowns in hotel waterpark in Egypt
ITV News London understands that a five-year-old girl has drowned at a hotel waterpark in Egypt, while on holiday with her family.
Chloe Johnson from Forest Hill had been staying at the Coral Sea Waterworld hotel in Sharm el Sheik.
Tour operator First Choice have said that they are investigating the circumstances surrounding Chloe's death.Sometimes you just get lucky (although photographing in Dartmouth during Regatta is a “Target Rich Environment”). I’d intended to take the long lens off my camera, and then go to lunch at The Ship Inn. As we crossed The Dart on the lower ferry the RN Raiders were giving their parachute display. Enjoy…
Help keep this running
What’s New
The Vault
Categories
Quick LinksHi Team
we are getting the below error
transport res: 28 respCode 150. transport error: Timeout was reached. transport error buffer: Operation timed out after 6251000 milliseconds with 4669080 out of 11438099 bytes received. 041943.084|cfg |4|01|Could not get all 11438099 bytes of the file (got 4669080 bytes) 041943.084|cfg |4|01|Prov|File 3111-40000-001.sip.ld failed to download
Part Number - 2201-40000-001
Polycom IP 7000
MAC address - 0004f2f9a9c1
Please guide us with the correct UC Software and Bootrom version for this phone
Hello Bivin VIjai,
welcome back to the Polycom Community.
Please ensure to provide some feedback if this reply has helped you so other users can profit from your experience.
Best Regards
Steffen Baier
Polycom Global Services
Hi Team,
we are getting error after rebooting .The is in the wtaing of network status .
SIP Software Version 3.3.0.1098 BootROM Software Version 4.3.0.0246
FTP server in Linux - VSFTPD
Hello Bivin VIjai,
This is a really old software so please upgrade as described here:
Oct 7, 2011 Question: How can I setup my Phone / Provisioning / Download / Upgrade / Update / Downgrade Software?
Resolution: Please check => here <=
Please ensure you include the updater / upgrader
For any further issues please work with FVC who we shipped the phone to back in September 2015
Please ensure to provide some feedback if this reply has helped you so other users can profit from your experience.
Best Regards
Steffen Baier
Polycom Global Services
Hi Team,
Please note i tried to upgrade the 7000 using the link provided and refered the section 'Updating to UCS 4.x.x:'
I have used the below files to upgrade the phone
1) Polycom_UC_Software_4_0_7_rts18_I_release_sig_split.zip
2) SoundPoint_IP_BootROM_4_4_0B_Upgrader_release_sig.zip
But still getting the below error. Can you please guide how to proceed with.
031105.285|copy |3|01|transport res: 18 respCode 150. transport error: Transferred a partial file. transport error buffer: transfer closed with 10732627 bytes remaining to read. 031105.285|cfg |4|01|Could not get all 11438111 bytes of the file (got 1578260 bytes) 031105.286|cfg |4|01|Prov|File 3111-40000-001.sip.ld failed to download 031105.290|app1 |4|01|Error downloading 3111-40000-001.sip.ld 031105.291|cfg |4|01|Prov|Provisioning failed
Hello Bivin VIjai,
I am unsure why you chose that specific file when UC Software 4.0.11 is the latest to utilize but as it is the split version of it the file you showed in the logs should be there.
I can only imagine that your server is not setup correctly.
I suggest you work with FVC to get this resolved.![if !IE]> <![endif]>
Home > Shop > Gift Ideas > Page 11
The Danon Jewellery Bronze Cube Heart Bracelet is timeless classic. Both wearable and elegant with a pull through T-bar fastening and bronze heart on the very popular cube style bracelet.Brand: Danon Jewellery | Part #: B3382B
Elegant pair of Danon bronze signature heart drop earrings with a small bronze cube detail.Brand: Danon Jewellery | Part #: E2498
The very striking and celebrity famous Danon Long Silver Double Signature Heart Necklace is a gorgeous timeless classic.Brand: Danon Jewellery | Part #: N4167.This post describes building a lightweight Markdown-powered blog engine in Ruby. Check out this (2013) iteration of my site in the archives here.
I’ve never been great at keeping a blog1. Any space I’ve made for writing in the past has been as Shedbot, the moniker I’ve used for my photo/design work the past few years. I would always tread lightly posting on behalf a business, even my own. When speaking on behalf of a business you’re always conscious of offending that exec who perhaps would’ve given you that big contract if he didn’t see you talking about ManBearPig that one time.
I’ve been wanting to write my own blogging app since seeing this post by Sam Soffes’ about one of his many blog iterations earlier this year. He wrote a Sinatra app that uses a GitHub repo of markdown files as posts and caches them in Redis. I really liked the idea of using static markdown files as a post archive; no messy databases or clunky web interface to get in the way of actually writing. I built something similar.
The build
This was my first trial in server-side programming, so the build took a while. Though I had studied some Ruby previously, there’s no substitute for diving in and getting your hands dirty. I found a handful of repos on Github that performed similar actions, so I cloned a handful locally and referenced them throughout the build. While Sam’s blog was the original inspiration, his Redis integration was an added level of complexity that I wasn’t ready for. Here’s a quick overview of my my app, starting with a sample markdown file:
# A-Dance-With-Sinatra.md title: A Dance With Sinatra excerpt: Adventures in programming with Ruby and Sinatra. date: 2013-09-20 tags: general -- Lorem ipsum dolor...
In the Rakefile, line 5 iterates through each of the .md files in the entries directory, and 6 splits off each post’s metadata above
--. The metadata is then ordered by reverse date and written to
_directory.yaml.
# Rakefile namespace :journal do task :reload do a = [] Dir["entries/*.md"].each do |file| entry = File.read(file).split("--\n") meta = Psych.load(entry[0]) a.push({ title: meta['title'], excerpt: meta['excerpt'], date: meta['date'], tags: meta['tags'], slug: "/journal/" << File.basename(file, ".md"), }) puts "#{a.count} posts indexed." end File.open("views/journal/_directory.yaml", 'w') { |file| file.write a.sort_by{|a| a[:date]}.reverse.ya2yaml } end end
Now, when the user requests a URL from /journal, Sinatra checks to see if the corresponding file exists in /entries. If so, it’ll load up the entry’s structure according to haml template
journal/entry.haml, and parse the actual post content along with the metadata.
# Application.rb get "/journal/:entry/?" do file = "entries/#{params[:entry]}.md" if File.exist?(file) @entries = load_directory('journal') parse('/journal/entry', file) else 404 end end helpers do def parse(template, file) entry = File.read(file).split("---\n") @meta = Psych.load(entry[0]) @text = entry[1] haml template.to_sym end def load_directory(dir) Psych.load(File.open("views/#{dir}/_directory.yaml")) end end
The markdown rendering is handled by Redcarpet with SmartyPants enabled for smart quotes and all that good stuff. Pygments.rb is used for code highlighting.
# Application.rb class BetterRender < Redcarpet::Render::HTML include Redcarpet::Render::SmartyPants def block_code(code, lang) if lang Pygments.highlight(code, lexer: lang.to_sym, options: {linespans: 'line'}) else "<div class='highlight ki'><pre>#{code}</pre></div>" end end end def redcarpet(text) markdown = Redcarpet::Markdown.new(BetterRender, fenced_code_blocks: true) markdown.render(text) end
Design & typography
The sans-serif body type is Whitney and the headline slab Sentinel. Both typefaces are designed by HF&J and served by Cloud.typography. Typesetting follows the modular scale.
I designed a custom pygments stylesheet to ensure code highlighting in the browser would precisely mimic my local environment in Sublime Text 3. The colour scheme is based on the Tomorrow Night theme by Chris Kempson. The monospace font used in the code views is Source Code Pro by Adobe.
The accent colour, #3BA7BB is the colour of Cartman’s hat from South Park.
Hosting & deployment
The app is hosted on Heroku and deployed via Git.
In order to begin a post as quickly as possible, I wrote a helper function for fish shell that creates a markdown file with proper formatting and cd’s into my app directory.
# Blog Kickstart - Fish Shell function blog # $title $tags set date (date '+%Y-%m-%d') set filename (echo $argv[1] | tr -s ' ' | tr ' ' '-') set gitdir ~/documents/Journal/ set var_count (count $argv) cd $gitdir if test $var_count = 2 echo title: $argv[1]\nexcerpt: \ndate: $date\ntags: $argv[2]\n---\n\n >entries/$filename.md else echo title: $argv[1]\nexcerpt: \ndate: $date\ntags: general\n---\n\n >entries/$filename.md end open entries/$filename.md end
Closing
This has been a lot of fun to build, and I have a lot to do on it still. It’s endearing releasing something before it’s polished; I feel more inspired to continue work on it instead of feeling utterly and completely sick of it.
Let me know your thoughts on Twitter.Critical Analysis of If Thou Must Love Me:
“If Thou Must Love Me” is an atypical sonnet in many ways. This is because of all its differences from the sonnets written during the period of the Renaissance. In those sonnets, the speaker was always a man. Since this sonnet is written by the poet in her own persona, the speaker here is, in fact, a woman. Moreover, in Petrarchan sonnets, the object of desire of the speaker was a highborn woman who would always be unattainable. Even in Shakespearean sonnets, the object of desire (whether the Fair Man or the Dark Lady) had a much-disputed identity. However, in Barrett Browning’s sonnet, there is no difference in class or status between subject and object. The object of desire is also not in any way unattainable, the subject and object are already in an intimate relationship in fact, and the object’s identity is known for certain, without a shadow of a doubt. It is clear from the very start that Barrett Browning is writing her sonnets for her husband. In Petrarchan sonnets, the mistress was praised to no end, and comparisons were made with all kinds of beautiful objects in nature. This kind of hyperbolical praise of the beloved was already critiqued by Shakespeare in his work. This is most evident in Sonnet 130 (“My mistress’ eyes are nothing like the sun”), where Shakespeare asserts that his mistress is not perfect, but that he loves her all the same. Barrett Browning takes it a step further. She does not attempt to describe her beloved at all, and more importantly, she tells her beloved not to be taken in by her physical appearance, her mind, or her manners. Instead, the poet upholds the sanctity of a non-living thing and an abstract concept – love. It is love which is king in her sonnet, not she or her beloved for that matter. In all these ways, her sonnet is both novel and unique.
Annotation of If Thou Must Love Me:
Please note: N= noun, V=verb, Adj=Adjective, Adv=Adverb, P=Preposition, Pr=Pronoun, Ph V=Phrasal Verb
Thou (Pr): An older form of the word “you”
Nought (N): Nothing
Sake (N): For the purpose of; in the interest of; in order to achieve or preserve
Trick (N): A peculiar or characteristic habit or mannerism
Fall in with (Ph V): To agree with or be in harmony with
Certes (Adv): Assuredly; I assure you
Sense (N): A feeling that something is the case
Pleasant (Adj): (Of a person or their manner) friendly and considerate; likable
Ease (N): Absence of difficulty or effort
Beloved (N): A much-loved person
Thee (Pr): An older form of the word “you”
Wrought (Adj): Made or fashioned in a specified way
Thine (Pr): An older form of the word “yours”
Dear (Adj): Endearing; sweet
Pity (N): The feeling of sorrow and compassion caused by the sufferings and misfortunes of others
Wiping (V): Present participle form of the word “wipe”, that is, to clean or dry (something) by rubbing with a cloth, a piece of paper, or one’s hand
Bore (V): Past tense of the word “bear”, that is, to have or display as a visible mark or feature
Thy (Pr): An older form of the word “your”
Comfort (N): The easing or alleviation of a person’s feelings of grief or distress
Thereby (Adv): By that means; as a result of that
Evermore (Adv): Always
Mayst (V): An older form of the word “may”
Eternity (N): Infinite or unending time
Poetic Devices in If Thou Must Love Me:
Rhyme scheme: this poem, neither of these patterns is followed in its entirety. Its rhyme scheme is as follows: ABBA ABBA CDCDCD. Thus it is an atypical sonnet.
Rhetorical devices:
Apostrophe:
This rhetorical device is used when a poet addresses his or her poem to an absent audience. In this poem, the poet uses the device of apostrophe throughout the poem as she addresses all her words to the man she loves (her husband, Robert Browning), but whom we readers never see at any point in the poem.
Transferred epithet:
This rhetorical device is used when an emotion is attributed to a non-living thing after being displaced from a person, most often the poet himself or herself. In this poem, the poet uses the device of transferred epithet in line 10 when she writes the phrase “dear pity”. It is not that pity is equivalent to sweetness, but that his pity brings sweetness to the character of the man the poet loves.
Central Idea of If Thou Must Love Me:
The poet tells her beloved to love her only for the sake of love, and not for anything else – not for her smile, or her looks, not for the way she speaks or the way she thinks, and also not out of pity for her. Only if he loves her for the sake of love will their relationship last for all eternity.
Themes of If Thou Must Love Me:
Temporary love VS permanent love: For Barrett Browning, love can be of two types – one that lasts a little time, and one that lasts for all eternity. The love that is temporary is based on the particular – the particular way in which a person smiles, the particular look of a person, the particular way in which he or she thinks, et cetera. This kind of love is trivial in comparison to the other kind. The other kind is based on the universal – the universal emotion that we call love itself. This is an emotion that anyone is capable of experiencing, and hence, it is this which should give birth to the relationship between two people, and nurture that relationship as well. These ideas of Barrett Browning’s may have been derived from Plato, for Plato also speaks of moving from the particular to the general (by way of what is known as the Platonic Ladder) in matters of love in his work entitled Symposium.
Autobiographical element: In the Victorian age, we do not find confessional poetry per se, since that genre was strictly discovered in the Modernist period. However, we do notice some autobiographical elements in Victorian poetry nonetheless. Perhaps this is a legacy of the Romantic movement, that focused on the poet’s individualism and interiority. Barrett Browning, too, includes a part of her own story in each sonnet of the collection entitled Sonnets from the Portuguese, from which “If Thou Must Love Me” is taken. This sonnet is no exception. As we have mentioned before, she suffered from multiple severe physical ailments throughout her lifetime. As a result, she felt it was unnatural for any man to love such a physically ill woman like herself. That is why she expected that all men loved her simply out of pity. When she first met and began to be courted by Robert Browning, she suspected that his love was also born out of his pity for her. That is why, in this sonnet, she tells her beloved not to love her because he has devoted much time to wipe the tears from her cheeks. His love has made her happy, and she may forget to weep, and if that happens, he will neither pity her nor love her any longer. Of this, she is afraid. Instead, she suggests that he should love her only for the sake of love.
The tone of If Thou Must Love Me:
The tone of this poem is rather ambiguous. In the beginning, she seems to be spurning any praise that might be directed towards her by her beloved, and we are left wondering why she would want to do so. Next, she tells him that she might change, and this sounds like an ominous warning. However, in the end, when she affirms the primacy of love as the reason their relationship will last a lifetime, the sincerity of her emotions shines through and dispels all our doubts about her intention in writing this sonnet. We are assured that she means to strengthen her relationship with her husband, and that is a satisfying feeling indeed.
Conclusion:
“If Thou Must Love Me” is an atypical sonnet in terms of both form and content. However, it is also one of the best sonnets ever written in the English language. That is why it is read as widely today as it was in Barrett Browning’s lifetime.Bio overview
John N. Schaefer practices primarily in the areas of estate planning, probate, employee benefits and tax. His achievements have earned him inclusion in The Best Lawyers in America (trusts and estates).
John also previously served as a captain in the Judge Advocate General’s Corps of the U.S. Army from 1966 – 1970.Download Bio (PDF)
Experience, Honors, & Awards
Honors and Awards
- Selected by peers for inclusion in The Best Lawyers in America (trusts and estates)
- Rated AV Preeminent by Martindale-Hubble Peer Review Ratings
Professional Organizations and Memberships
- Oklahoma County Bar Association
- Oklahoma Bar Association
ATPs display in this column
Attorney Articles
mt_bio_media_items
Media
Veterans Tribute 2020November 6, 2020
Veterans Tribute 2019November 7, 2019
Veterans Tribute 2018November 8, 2018
mt_bio_news_itemsDespite what you may think about their pizzas Dominos is leading the pack in utilising technology and allowing customers integrate their personal automation.
While we’re not the biggest fans of Dominos pizzas you have to be impressed with the many ways in which they’re making it easy to order pizza from them. Not just from their internal operations tech (Eg, their much-touched DOM pizza checker) but also some of the ways they’re integrating into your home and personal automations.
These are some of our favourites:
- tweet or text the pizza emoji to get your regular order automatically sent
- Use IFTTT to automatically switch on your porch lights when your pizza is just about to be delivered
- Send yourself a notification when your order is out for delivery
If you’re a big Dominos fan this is great and hopefully it will spur other QSR and food outlets to Automate On!I remember the days of stuffing cash into an offering envelope, then slipping it into the plate as inconspicuously as possible. (Matthew 6:3–5 really stuck with me, even as a kid.) Now I can give in secret anytime, anywhere through my church’s website. There’s no way I’d go back to offering envelopes.
So it’s no surprise many churches add the opportunity to give online to their church website and then leave it at that, counting on people like me.
But with a few simple steps, you can ensure your church website is set up to increase the likelihood of online giving. (In the COVID era, especially, there’s no reason not to!) Just like grocery stores see an increase in sales from strategically stocked end caps and tempting trinkets near the checkout, your church can see a boost in giving after investing just a little bit of time and thought.
Here’s how to turn your church website and online giving software into a power duo working for you.
1. Evaluate the first impression your church website leaves.
“Don’t judge a book by its cover” is probably such a well-used expression because everyone who’s ever browsed around in a bookstore or library has done it.
And the same thing happens with church websites.
Maybe people shouldn’t be so superficial when it comes to finding a church or deciding to give online, but they’ve gotten so used to a certain standard that if a website is visually off-putting or communicates poorly, they bounce.
As this article puts it:
If you were to have coffee with someone who was new to town and wanted to chat about your church, you wouldn’t meet them wearing a loud plaid suit, jelly stains on your tie, and no shoes.
The same concept applies to your website.
Ask yourself:
- If I’d never seen this site before, would I trust it?
- Does it have an HTTPS address instead of HTTP?
- Is the design up to date and appealing?
If you’re not sure, you can take a look at specific elements to consider.
Or, better yet, get a free church website evaluation that grades your site based on industry standards. No complicated steps or phone calls required—just provide your site’s information, and you’ll get a site grade and suggested resources to address any issues discovered.
2. Compare visiting your website to visiting your church.
Do those who’ve visited your church in person or watched your live streamed service get a surprise when they go to your website?
If there’s a mismatch—your website seems to belong to some other church they’re a stranger to—it can keep visitors from feeling comfortable sticking around your site.
To give a consistent experience, include these elements:
- Photos and videos of your church, not just church stock photos (though they can be helpful supplements).
- Written content that reflects your church’s unique personality, not just a headline that says “Welcome” and purely factual content (e.g., service times, doctrinal statement).
3. Make it easy to give.
The reason is clear, but the methods might be cloudy.
Here are a few ways to make sure there’s no unintentional added difficulty:
- Include a giving button or giving form on your home page so people don’t have to hunt around for it.
- Include a giving page in your site’s navigation.
- Make sure your giving form is easy to use—clean and simple, with no account creation required to give.
- Include a giving button or giving form on every page where it makes sense (for instance, your outreach ministries page).
4. Create confidence for givers.
Security is top of mind online, especially when it comes to handing over financial information. So to reiterate from above, make sure your site doesn’t look scammy and is equipped with SSL (where the s in HTTPS comes from).
Then evaluate your giving form and giving page. Do they look secure, with clean modern design and readable text?
Here’s an example of a giving form that misses the mark—it’s not quick to complete, and it doesn’t look secure. (There may be a note saying that it’s secure, but the image of the lock is backed by a white box that appears unintentional.)
Besides good design, there’s another aspect of a legitimate-looking giving form to consider: consistency with your website. If the look of your giving form matches the look of your website, it creates confidence that givers are still in the right place and that their gift will go exactly where they intend.
5. Don’t stop at how.
Take the next step—also take care to provide the why.
Yes, Christians logically understand they should give to the work of the Lord. But there’s a difference between knowing that needs are waiting to be met and seeing a representation of those needs or a reminder of what has already been accomplished because of funds raised.
So include photos, videos, and stories. Show and tell your church’s mission throughout your site. Make it about more than dollars and cents.
***
Which steps do you need to take with your church website? To make sure you’re not missing anything, grab your free church website evaluation from a church website expert, no strings attached.
And if you already know you need to upgrade your church’s online giving and website, you’re in luck! Right now through December 10, you can get a free premium church website with Faithlife Sites Premium when you sign up for Faithlife Giving.Figure 2
From: Disability and health-related quality of life in patients undergoing spinal fusion: a comparison with a general population sample
The change in the Physical Component Summary Score of SF-36 in patients ( ■) compared with the population sample ( □, dashed line). Results are mean with 95% Confidence Interval.Articles Published in Journals That Entered SCI, SSCI and AHCI Indexes
Biotreatment of As-containing simulated acid mine drainage using laboratory scale sulfate reducing upflow anaerobic sludge blanket reactor
Simultaneous bioreduction of nitrate and chromate using sulfur-based mixotrophic denitrification process
Refereed Congress / Symposium Publications in Proceedings
Biodegradation of Various Azo Dyes in Anaerobic Batch Reactors
The International Conference on Civil and Environmental Engineering, Nevşehir, Turkey, 20 May 2015, pp.398-406Introduction
The ASDAN Business Simulation has been created in an effort to help the aspiring business leaders and entrepreneurs of tomorrow grasp a better logistical and strategic understanding of how to run a business. During the simulation students will be actively involved in creating and deciding on every aspect of their business from their company culture to their production needs. The interactive aspect of the simulation is a great way for students to get involved in thinking about the practicalities of running a business.
“You will find out that once you join into the ASDAN Business Simulations, the contents often will deeply attract you, and that is why I strongly recommend all young people to participate in these valuable competitions.”
Wenzheng Wang
Cardiff and Vale College Shanghai Centre
“I have participated in 3 ASDAN Business Simulations. It is a good platform for us to test our potentials and develop ourselves in so many aspects. Now I am going to study abroad soon, I really enjoy the time working together with my teammates during the competition.”
ZIYI WANG
Hunan Concord College of Sino-Canada
“In this competition, you never know what will happen until the last minute. What you can do is to keep trying. Everything you do is worthy. You can develop your ability of leadership, team working and communication skills through ASDAN Business Simulation.”
KE LI
Guangdong Country Garden School
“ASDAN Business Simulation is not just a place for you to learn how to shoulder responsibility, improve your interpersional skills, but also somewhere to forge your own characters. It is worth, for everyone, participating. If you are not ready and involve 100% yourself into it, you won't stand out. However, you might get a chance to win even if you don't get good scores in school but prepare and try your best in this competition. You can learn and grow up during the whole process, which will benefit you for the rest of your study and life.”
Siao Zhai
Beijing New Talent AcademyWeekend getaway
Holiday apartment high in the sky
Simplicity is the ultimate form of sophistication said Leonardo da Vinci.
Getting away for the weekend is made easier for a busy Brisbane living family, when you can jump in your car to come to the Gold Coast and open the door to this space and get to play on the beach.
The Penthouse Surfers Paradise
Built by DB Build
Designed by Wyer + Craw & Magnolia Interiors
Photography by Andy Macpherson Studio
Location - Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast QueenslandI didn’t really have a specific plan for what I was going to do with the horses on Sunday. It was quite warm, Henry had jumped the day before, and I’d done some groundwork with Presto. I wanted to do something with both of them but wasn’t really sure what. I’m struggling these days to come up with things to do with Presto that are new or interesting or even consume like 1% of his effort/attention.
And then as I was grooming Henry, it hit me: why not try ponying him on the road? It was a practical idea for a couple reasons. 1) I haven’t ponied him much at all lately, maybe once in the past 4 months. 2) I need him to start getting used to the road. I want to spend the summer hacking him, and would really like to ride him over to the 80 acre farm down the road at least once a week. It’s not very far from our gate to theirs, but it does involve walking down our street to the stop sign, and then a very short maybe 20-30 yards down a busier/higher speed road to get into their back gate. If I can start getting him used to the road before I ever actually climb aboard, we’ll be that much further ahead of the game when the time comes.
Henry himself is generally quite good on the road. For as spooky as he can sometimes be, he’s spent a lot of time road hacking and while he might sometimes get snorty about crossing ditches or walking past culverts, he’s trustworthy and excellent in traffic. Perfect tour guide for a baby’s first road adventure.
I tacked Henry up, put Presto in his rope halter, and off we went.
The first “challenge” was getting out of our front gate. There are flags on either side of the entrance, big and billowy and snapping in the breeze. The first time I ever rode Henry out of the gate he was NOT a fan of them, but he’s gotten used to them by now. I wasn’t sure what Presto would think… he’s pretty bold naturally, but certainly does have a spook in him sometimes. So we rode up to the gate and I stopped and stood for a minute, letting him see and hear them. He didn’t seem to care at all, so we edged closer and closer until we were standing right between them. No shits given. Even when Henry flinched at a particularly loud SNAP, Presto didn’t care.
Ok then… out the gate we went.
I turned right, heading down our quieter road first rather than toward the busier main road. First we stayed on the shoulder for a bit, until the first several cars passed us. I wanted to make sure we were safely on the grass and out of the road in case he spooked, but again he didn’t care. He’s lived close to roads for a while, so I guess he’s become accustomed to the cars passing already. The shoulder got too small and slanted to easily walk on so we graduated to the road, retreating down to the shoulder to stop and stand when a car came. He was good about all that, and patient. Even when a very loud very fast car came rumbling past, he didn’t mind.
I turned up another side road and we were quickly assaulted with car doors slamming, kids running and screaming, and dogs barking and running up to the fence on both sides of the road. That rattled him a bit. There was some snorting and arabian-esque prancing, so we just stopped and stood and let him think about it for a minute. He was worried, but he settled, and we walked a little ways up that road before turning around and looping back.
Then we retraced our steps but this time on the opposite site of the road, going back toward our gate. We encountered plastic bags (no problem) and lots of culverts (he couldn’t figure out why Henry was giving them the hairy eyeball). We walked up to the industrial building and checked out, which he thought was boring. And then, as we passed the building, he saw what lurked behind.
And so began his only meltdown of the day. All the other shit was totally fine, but the cows were his complete undoing. He snorted. He piaffed. He tried to turn and run for the hills. He bounced off of me and Henry. It was horrific, according to him. We stood there for quite a while just watching them, until I could finally get Presto to keep moving his feet forward. Eventually we got past them, and worked our way up to the stop sign where our road dumps out onto the main, busier road. We stood there for a while watching traffic zip by, which he didn’t care about. So we turned back around, he spotted the cows again, and the meltdown replayed.
Honestly. Cows? COWS? He’s seen cows before. At the vet’s farm there was a resident cow. He saw it EVERY DAY. I mean seriously, of all the things. I guess I should have known that whatever was the least logical scary thing would be the one that caused the hamster to fall off it’s wheel.
Once he settled down we walked back to our gate, and I had him just stand there between the flags and watch some more cars go by for a while until he was bored again. Yes, standing between two big loud flapping flags and watching cars zoom past was the way to calm down the baby idiot’s brain explosion over cows existing. He quickly chilled out enough to where I moved him close enough for the flag to literally flap right next to his face, which I started videoing.
So that was when he decided to grab the flag and yank it, breaking the flag pole mount on the fence and giving Henry a complete heart attack.
I didn’t see that one coming, which was really dumb considering that I’ve known this horse for his entire almost 3 years, and if there’s one thing I should have absolutely expected, it’d be that. Breaking something? Totally in his wheelhouse. Scaring other horses in the process? Presto written all over it. He had no idea what Henry spooked at and tried to go back and pick the flag up. That would have been the end of me for sure, if he’d come at Henry with that thing.
The flag is now rolled up in the house, and the new bracket will be here today. Thanks Amazon Prime. Dammit Presto. But, ya know, otherwise… pretty successful first road outing? We just gotta work on the bovinophobia (I was today years old when I learned that that was a word).
11 thoughts on “Presto’s First Road Hack (Pony) Adventure”
Giraffe mode engaged! He looks so freaking tall with his head up like that.
And poor Henry, with the flag. I had that vid on reapeat when you posted it on ig. 🤣
Dying laughing. His mommy brings him toys to play with, so this flag must be one, too!
Poor Henry when the flag jumped off the pole coming right for him.
This is all so very Presto, isn’t it? Ha. Cows! Really dude?
And the flag!
Coco too is TERRIFIED of cows. Granted she’s more like Henry in spookiness, but she loses her mind at cattle. Guess who is going on a cattle drive in Montana in May?! You should bring Presto!
Maybe I could find some cows a little closer… 😂
But MONTANA. And foxhunting. C’mon.
If I’m going all the way to Montana it’s because I’m doing Rebecca farm!
AHAHAHAHAHA the flag. Sorry, Henry, but that was hilarious. Glad you’re okay and survived to tell the tale, Amanda!
Cows really cause Mort to melt down too. Even though we live across the road from some. Anytime they’re near the fence he just stares and stares. They cannot be trusted.
That flag video? Priceless.
That flag video is amazing.
Also, I feel your pain with random illogical hamster dismounts. B did the same to me with sheep yesterday. He lives with sheep but one got into a paddock where there has never been sheep before and the giraffe within exploded forth.Turquoise Damascus Steel Knife Set
The Perfect Blades For All Your Cooking Needs
This Turquoise Damascus Steel Knife Set contains the most exceptional kitchen knives the world has ever seen! Specially designed to be super effective whether you’re trimming brisket, boning the leg of a lamb, skinning or breaking down a whole chicken, or even separating ribs from pork loin.
Cuts Through Food Perfectly
These unique knives have earned their reputation as the ultimate cutlery tools. Each blade is sharped to perfection to ensure a smooth and easy cut, regardless of texture.
Premium Quality Material And Design
High-quality and durable Damascus steel makes up the razor-sharp blade while beautiful blue resin and burl is used to create the comfortable ergonomic handle, providing you with an elite cutting experience.
Enjoy A Perfectly Controlled, Hands-On Cutting Experience
Carefully handcrafted by professional blacksmiths to provide a secure grip for superior control while filleting fish, slicing fruits, and chopping vegetables. Each knife is one-of-a-kind and delivers an immersive cooking experience. It’s a chef’s dream!
2 Bundles Available
Chef Bundle includes:
- Chef Knife
- Santoko Knife
- 7 Inch Nakiri Knife
- 3.4inch Paring Knife
Full Set 9 Piece Set -All 9 Knives
These knives are not suitable for the dishwasher..Final check
Anything unclear or ambiguous? Is the main emotion clear? Is the subject clear?
Anything unclear or ambiguous? Is the main emotion clear? Is the subject clear?
Anything crooked? Use liquify to fix oddly angled things. Anything too small/too big? Use liquify to adjust.
Do you need to add a film/photographic feel to the image? Create a 50 neutral grey layer, and set to overlay. Add noise.
Do you need an old/decrepit effect? Copy the lines, set the threshold pretty low, and color the layer red to add a messy, rusty effect to the lines.
Do you want more color complexity? Pull up color balance, and play with colors in shadows, mid-tones, and highlights.
Do you need to add depth of field? Light beams? Punch up colors? Deepen shadows? Does it need to be in a particular aspect ratio?
Do you need a fill light layer set to multiply?
Do you need more color variation? soft light brush or color brush, color pick from the drawing and add complexity and variation to other areas
Do you need to use soft light/color dodge/multiply soft brushes to add pops of color or color tints? Play around, it can lead to lovely polished effect. Pump up light and shadow subtlety, add color complexity.You guys voted, and here we are with the Realme 6 Pro vs Poco X2 Camera Comparison. This is a direct comparison of the Samsung GW1 sensor with the Sony IMX686 sensor, and the results are quite certainly going to make you question your choices. Or maybe not?
Download link to full-res images:
ModMyHome #01:
Samsung Galaxy M31 vs Poco X2 vs Redmi Note 8 Pro Camera Comparison:
_
Guiding Tech (GT) Social Links:
Twitter:
Instagram:
So that was our in-depth camera comparison. Which phone do you think performed better? Let us know in the comments below!
Realme 6 pro has a live focus video shoot feature
Y u missed that to mention?
Poco is much better!
Bhaiya realme. 6 pro 4g SIM chalega🐭
You know what you don't know how a photographer see the image and what kind of image he want.
All other YouTubers said that poco has the better camera sensor in the price range. But you're saying it's not upto mark.
I'm not saying that you got paid by realme but definitely try to see the photos by the clarity, it's colour, warmness, punchy image.
Bro compare realme x2 and 6pro camera
Do you think we are fools just 2 min of video every image of poco is more sharper more accurate than realme and be honest you are hyping realme just bcoz mr . Madhav and team.of realme sent you the device …
Poco winner h tum chutiye ho….
Hindi me video banaya karo bhai. Har kisi ko English nhi aati
This man in the video doesn't even have a correct knowledge about the dynamic range, color tones, contrast levels. Etc. I don't think they have taken money from either. But they don't have proper knowledge and hence, even when poco captures a better image. He's talking about a bad dynamic range. Seriously. (imx 686), lot better dynamic range than samsung sensor.
plz using hindi
What about realme's wideangle front camera?!?!?!?!😑
Bik gya guiding tech 😆 Poco is the Clear winner
Which one should i buy? Poco x2 or realme x2 pro??
realme me 64 Samsung sensor aur Poco Sony sensor h. Fir bhi realme camera best. 6 pro gift mein paya hai na isliye.
Almost same In 2020 war between Xiaomi and real me 🔥🔥🔥
Your over enthusiasm becomes bit irritating dude.
There Was Nothing Wrong in the Video until you declared 6 pro as the winner. You should change your choices . Although Giving Rs 1000 more for less 64 gb of storage and less powered processor is not a wise choice.
#doTheMaths
Should I believe my eyes or his words???
Paid video….bullshit
Camera kitna kitna hayi nahi bata raha or bok bok kar raha hi
Poco jada better h relame se camera se bhi aur other chiz mai bhi & relame naturla na de kr bhut edit kr deta h worm kr deta poco better choices
Poco x2 winer….
Where is the realme front wide angle image comparison?
The REAL question is
Do you want punch hole left side or right side 😂😂
Sidhi si baat hai jisko close to natural images pasand hai go for poco x2. Aur jise tadakti bhadakti pic pasand hai go for 6 pro.
Poco hi achha hai Bhai clearly dikh raha hai
Nice reviewCultural Ecology and City Image Shaping in Zhuhai
- Ruihui Han
AbstractEconomic.
- Full Text:
- DOI:10.5539/ass.v10n3p94The Unification Epicenter of True Lightworkers
Views: 195
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply to This
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply.
Found this on line, it was by Floyd Salas.
Been using pot for the last 22 years,
and I agree with this 100%.
Be safe all....
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
My experience, its a tool. A powerful energy tool. When smoking, the intention is crucial. and don't be poisoned by it. Different stains have different energy and connects to different vibrations.. Thc is crystaline and 7 in geometry. It can open 7 canals of energy transmission and can work in a whole lot of ways. If you want to work on a chakra you inhale to that specific place. It can help you access memories that is supressed. But caution, best to know what you are doing because its amplifies and connects energy that you may not be ready for. Overuse just makes short circuit. So please see it as a tool and not a way to live, it can benefit you more that way.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
I'll think I'll go and role up some of Amsterdam's best - WHITE WIDOW in a mo lol! Fancy enjoying the stars and it's a wonderful sleep tool.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply to Discussion
© 2021 Created by Besimi.
Badges | Report an Issue | Terms of ServiceCentral water management laboratory of Vodotech s.r.o. operates in the new reconstructed premises on Slavníkovců street in Ostrava – Mariánské Hory which allow it to further expand its services to a wider range of customers.
The laboratory is focused on analysis of drinking water, surface water, ground water and waste water and analyzes of water and sewage sludge from treatment proces.
On average, it processes 6,000 samples per year, of which about a quarter are the so-called complete analyzes, in which the water sample is examined for more than 90 individual indicators.
The laboratory provides service to the company Severomoravské vodovody a kanalizace Ostrava (SmVaK Ostrava) as well as to other water companies within the region, municipal authorities, companies and private individuals.
Order water analysis must create a collective consciousness that no longer allows injustice to exist.
6 Habits Of Highly Empathetic People A short video describes characteristics common among people with well-developed empathy. Empathy is the ability to understand and feel another, perceive life from another’s perspective. It’s also associated with caring for one another.
As long as people remain stuck only on the holistic threshold as exemplified by this short 5.27 mins film: Engaging Emergence we won’t be able to advance the awakening to the necessity for and urgency of fundamental structural change – the curative beyond all palliatives
As was suggested in a recent Daily Pickings, we need to co-create a shared understanding of reality.
Why Central Bank Digital Currencies Will Destroy Cryptocurrencies Nouriel Roubini touts the benefits of a banking and payments system that replaces all private digital schemes.
” What a wise way to frame wholeness — not as an achievement, but rather as the reality of being present to who we are, in its entirety, at this very moment. If only that were easy! As Parker.’”
////////////////////////// 2018: • Mon 19th: Social cleansing by fire • Tue 20th: Why our origins are important • Wed 21st:
Weaponising weather • Thu 22nd: “Useless eaters” • Fri 23rd: Co-creating a shared understanding of climate • Sat 24th: Who or what created us? • Sun 25th: Silent weapons for quiet wars.
:-]
– – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – –
BBC2: World at War: series:
United Nations Report, 16 November 2018: Poverty causing ‘misery’ in UK, and ministers are in denial, says UN official: Ministers are in a “state of denial” about poverty, a UN expert Philip Alston has said following a 12-day tour of the UK:
Renegade Inc: Monday 26th November 2018: The global economy: What lies beneath: Ten years after the great financial crisis, markets are again booming, but as are levels of debt and leverage. Is this a cause for concern or have policymakers fixed the fundamentals? Has complacency lead investors to take on greater risks or have they learnt the lessons of 2008? Is Brexit a blip as the Eurozone is actually in rude health? Or are the fault lines increasingly clear but papered over? As volatility returns to markets, we ask: what lies beneath the global economy? Stock markets are near all time highs. Bankers are taking big bonuses once again just as America shapes up for the mother of all global trade wars. What could possibly go wrong? If the commentators are to be believed, we are back to business as usual. But if your intuition tells you something different, you might be onto something. Joining us to work out what is really going on in the markets and the wider global economy, is investor, hedge fund manager and author of Planet Ponzi, Mitch Feierstein. Feierstein recently tweeted: ‘let’s party like it’s 1929’ and tells Renegade Inc. that the banking sector has pulled off one of the greatest Ponzi schemes in history, which began with the 2007 global financial crisis. “Have things really improved since then?,” he says. “I mean, none of the banks – as you see the share action in Deutsche Bank, one of the largest banks in the world in terms of derivative positions off balance sheet – should be zero, because their enterprise value, if you look at the liabilities they have and you use real accounting, there is a systemic problem.” A lot of European banks have not de-leveraged. Italy is in huge strife. Feierstein says the proverbial can has simply been kicked down the road:Category: Anthropology
Economics, Politics and Gender
Question Module 6, Economics, Politics, and Gender: For this assignment, write an essay discussing the relationship, AS UNDERSTOOD BY ANTHROPOLOGISTS of economics and politics. How does a culture’s economic system affect the way a society is organized politically? Can any society, regardless of economic conditions, be a democracy? Does gender play a role in economic […]Marijuana oil has actually already marked a brand-new age in which guy stopped to fear what is unidentified, and started to uncover what our ancestors had already observed and use the significant capacity, at first glance, evolution live roulette a little bizarre relationships, associated generally with pathology. Start getting more marco bitran cattle grazed here for 200 years, and might search for every once in a while to see the occasional public hanging that occurred in the typical? Janna slots 500 willson address on file. China had accused australia of selling barley to china a lower price than to domestic the wild hatter consumers, a charge canberra denies. This short article will talk about details and recommendations that you ought to must know live roulette netent prior to deciding to embark. I carry on listening to the rumor speak about receiving boundless online grant applications so i have been looking around for the top site to get one?
Navy blue t shirt men online shopping navy blue t shirtcustom us womens soccer jerseys customized vegas hero no deposit bonus uswnt shirtswinnipeg jets youth toddler jersey for salewall high school ice hockey captains honored by nj devils. Numerous evolution live roulette errors were made with billing, dinner reservations, and movie showings. Good grand ivy mobile answer back in return of this question with solid. Certsagent is one of the website for it exam preparation? Com on tuesday november 23rd 2010. Billie patterson put out peachstone liniment, also a cure-all.
Continue to keep composed remarks of all significant papers when you find yourself vacationing overseas. So in this article i am going to break it all down for you? Package merely the 32red roulette kinds which are most beneficial for you. Terry, a florida investor, from increasing the trust's ownership in free online roulette predictor international holding? We've had evolution live roulette million-dollar days now. Savings bond is issued in the names of co-owners, such as you and your child or you and your spouse, interest on the bond is generally taxable to the co-owner who bought the bond.
Someones bovada mobile fake nail probably fell off. Jc37 23 10 29 november 2010 utc some of these questions seem obvious to me but poker set amazon perhaps i m missing some nuance that you re trying to convey. 9 billion drought-relief law, which gives them greater flexibility in planting. Our family would like to give a very spin it grand slot special thank you to our brother, jeff, and his daughter, ashley, for providing the extra daily love, comfort and support required so ralph could enjoy life in his home over the last several years. Following this merge, the links associated to each of those entities were evolution live roulette finally related! Yet even those two cruise lines still offer some limited cold breakfast offerings and coffee as a complimentary room service replay poker sign in options in the morning hours.
The location of the assembly plant is followed by the types of vehicles it makes and the number of employees affected. 5 percentage points from a year ago roulette lightning at 78. My blog is in the exact same niche as yours and my visitors evolution live roulette would certainly benefit from a lot of the information you present here. I have then been verified and been able to successfully withdraw my winnings. Seven people are in a critical condition casino 2020 no deposit bonus with five treated for minor ailments. While her works are created due to specific events, each piece acknowledges universal loss and bereavement.
These things are the underlying drivers for many vegans. Custom trips, charters and hourly rates jackpot cash casino free coupons are also available? Given the history of the city's policing, that conversation is long overdue. You understand thus considerably evolution live roulette in terms of ignition casino poker room this subject, produced me personally imagine it from a lot of numerous angles. Popular stores bath and slots capital free spins body works. These newly released videos highlight features and benefits of this scanner, monopoly live free spins presented in portuguese and spanish.
Being seen in these roulette online evolution live roulette betting forums will allow you to establish your marketing footprint. Settlement with las vegas casino games online the irs may result in interest and previously deferred taxes being paid to the irs, the company said. If they had simply addressed my arguments and explained their reasons for disagreement we would not be here now. I know there are a volcano slot machine lot more pleasurable sessions in the future for many who scan your website. Some smaller sized impartial companies are struggling, specially in the away from year. Vincent mercy medical center auxiliary for support of wizard of odds blackjack strategy women and community service in her professional and personal life.
What makes this gem so appealing both in meditation practices and common use, is the belief that it brings true love, along with hope and good fortune! Las vacunas contra play slots online la covid-19! Kempson was looking to add to two place cashes earned this strategy, while nguyen was going for his revolutionary spin. Rounds said much has been accomplished since 1990, and he outlined steps for state government evolution live roulette go big slots to take in his final year in office. Usually do not get the regular window match, numerous camping outdoors supply stores market wall mirrors manufactured from lexan which will float and are pretty much unbreakable. Then look no further than this place?If the media you wish to borrow is shelved in the Ammerbau you will see the following after clicking on "Show availability" in the catalogue:
[Standort] UB-Ammerbau Ebene 4, 5 or 6.
[Verfügbarkeit] direkt ausleihbar
If you see [Verfügbarkeit] z.Zt entliehen, bitte vormerken you can reserve the media.
Please note: The books in this area are not sorted by subject but by call number (e.g. 30 A 1, 34 A 527, 40 A 9836). Follow the signs displayed on the end of the shelves, then follow the book numbers until you reach the number you require.
When you found the media you were looking for take it to the issue desk along with your library card. It then will be booked immediately to your library account.Neuberg Diagnostics launches NCGM, its first Laboratory in the USA,house, home sample collection facilities in association with FexEx to help fight the pandemic in USA too. “Mattias Ekholm happy to still be with Predators after trade speculation, and they feel the same | Estes
Hockey can be beautiful in times – and via players – you wouldn’t expect.
I'm talking about a stunningly graceful sequence of only a few seconds: A flicked pass to ignite a give-and-go behind the defense, gliding free on a breakaway, sizzling a shot into the far post and into the net.
Imposing 6-foot-4, 215-pound defensemen with thick beards and hard stares aren’t supposed to do that.
Mattias Ekholm reminded everyone that he can.
His first goal in more than a month made a marvelous moment in Monday night’s pivotal 5-2 victory at a lively Bridgestone Arena, allowing the Nashville Predators to keep distance over the Chicago Blackhawks in the race for the Central Division’s final playoff spot.
Nearly as memorable as the goal itself was the celebration. Ryan Johansen, the teammate on the other end of the give-and-go, caught Ekholm and put his arm around him. The two long-time Preds embraced while skating together about a third of the way down the ice rink.
What isn’t being said specifically, one can infer. Namely, these Preds sure are glad to still have Ekholm in Nashville.
The skill Ekholm flashed Mondayis why so many other NHL teams were interested in him leading up to last week’s trade deadline.
One of the defining storylines of this season will be something that never happened. The Preds caught fire at the right time to avoid hanging the “For Sale” sign that many believed they would.
How close the Preds actually got to trading Ekholm remains unclear. Sure was speculated about, though, more so than for any other Preds player. TSN in Canada listed Ekholm atop its “Trade Bait” list for a while. As recently as March 26, ESPN called Ekholm “the belle of the trade deadline ball among defensemen” and noted that “Teams have been lining up for weeks to land Ekholm if the Predators deal him.”
MORE:How Nashville Predators veered from path toward rebuild to become hottest team in NHL
Insider Pierre LeBrun of TSN reported the Preds’ asking price for Ekholm was a first-round pick, a top prospect and some type of additional, third asset.
There was no ignoring this chatter. Ekholm noticed it just like anyone would.
“It’s nothing that I’ve really had to deal with a lot throughout my career,” he said Monday. “But when the team doesn’t do well and we don’t meet the expectations, things are going to happen. Now we were able to find a way to turn this around, and I’m really happy to be part of that. Because I’ve loved my time in Nashville.”
It was a compliment, really. Ekholm, at age 30, was so coveted because he fell into that sweet spot of a good player with a relatively inexpensive contract. He would have been an ideal addition for multiple contending teams, and those teams knew it.
It was also a helpless situation for Ekholm, too, because the better he played, the more that value would increase. And he was playing awfully well, even when the Preds were not. One could make a case that – outside of thriving goaltender Juuse Saros – Ekholm has been the Preds’ most valuable player this season.
His plus-minus total of +12 – meaning goals scored or allowed while he was on the ice – leads the team. It far exceeds defensemen Ryan Ellis (-6) and Roman Josi (-10).
Entering Monday’s game, Hockey Reference had Ekholm second only to Saros in “overall point shares” on the team. Can't say I'm entirely sure what that means, but it sounds good.
MORE FROM GENTRY ESTES:Clark Lea is scrapping Vanderbilt football's old identity. Can he build one back?
Off the ice, too, coaches have been imploring Ekholm – a stoic, cerebral sort – to be more vocal. And he has done that, becoming an inspirational leader behind a turnaround that has happened despite injuries to key players.
“He’s a really sharp kid,” said Preds coach John Hynes of Ekholm. “Just to see him be able to get out of his shell a little bit vocally … it’s nice when you have a player of his caliber really invested in the team but also coming out of his shell and being vocal, because his voice does have some weight in the room.”
For Ekholm, it looks like he doesn't need to pack. The storm of uncertainty seems to have passed.
General manager David Poile has suggested that Ekholm isn’t going anywhere. For what it’s worth, Poile has grumbled about the extent of the trade speculation this season, especially in Canadian media and especially as it related to Ekholm.
Poile is rarely plainspoken publicly about such matters, but he was when asked about Ekholm on deadline day.
“His name got thrown out there a lot in trade baits and different things,” Poile said. “But I mean, my next conversation with Mattias will be after this year about how he thinks he fits into the future of this hockey club and whether he would like to be here longer, not whether we want to trade him.”
Reach Gentry Estes at gestes@tennessean.com and on Twitter @Gentry_Estes.Article Title
Media Literacy Education in the Age of Machine Learning
Abstract
The media environment has radically changed over the past few decades. Transition and transformation of media platforms has enabled algorithms and automation to take over media processes such as production, content generation, curation, delivery, recommendation, and filtering of information. It has also enabled tracking of users’ actions, data mining, profiling, and the use of computational and machine learning techniques for purposes like behavior engineering, targeted advertisement, spread of mis- and disinformation, swaying political moods, and many others. In the field of media literacy education, the need to understand algorithm-driven media requires educators to re-think the connections between media literacy education and computing education. This article provides an overview of some computational mechanisms of new media, and it provides new perspectives for media literacy education. The article suggests ways of intertwining media literacy education with computing education in order to improve students’ readiness to cope with modern media and to become critical and skilled actors to navigate in the new media landscape.
Creative Commons License
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-No Derivative Works 3.0 License.
Recommended Citation
Valtonen, T., Tedre, M., Mäkitalo, K., & Vartiainen, H. (2019). Media Literacy Education in the Age of Machine Learning. Journal of Media Literacy Education, 11(2), 20-36.
Included in
Communication Technology and New Media Commons, Curriculum and Instruction Commons, Mass Communication Commons, Other Communication Commons, Other Education CommonsListless about Lists
On this last day of January, I am reviewing my goals for the month. What has been completed? What still needs to be done? What ought to be reevaluated? What needs to be crossed out? Not because it’s done, but because I know it’s not going to happen. At least, […]The.
However, he says in the US, supporters of defeated Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton have been protesting and have refused to accept Donald Trump as the new President.
Gammanpila recalled that hours before the final results were announced at the 2015 Presidential election, Rajapaksa met current Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe and discussed the smooth transition of power.)
After they realized their attempted coup had failed they left?
Keep your mouth shut….
this man lost his marbles .he is a fraud . wish he was living in places like iran or singapore .would be in prison.On his way to his creater
Yes IDIOT,
There was no choice at that time.
By the way can you keep your ass shut please as it stinks!!
The great democracy USA is, it allows dissenting public voice their views. All the protests will die down and public opinion will prevail. Mr. Trump will be a great leader/
Henry
Puka Thamai.
Until the last minuet he was trying, You were there too. Everything went wrong, He had high hopes and wrong intelligence reports. Had no choice at the last hour and under international pressure, then telephoned Ranil Wickramasinghe.
Now Loku Talk.
Did Obama call attorney general, chief justice, military and police leaders to white house?
The uneducated filth would not give up that easily?
Hey, Gamma, are you day dreaming. Mara and Killary have same qualities. To make the long story short both of them act like mafias. All these riots in US created by Killary Obama and Soros.
What a two faced hypocrite! You or your mad dog boss or the JOkers have never excepted the mandate of the majority. Right from the start it was none stop disruptions. Protests, strikes, paadha..fing..yaathra to topple a legitimately elected government and it never stops. The lies being fed to the gullible public are beyond belief. Do this country a favour. Crawl under a pile of your own BS and expire.RAWALPINDI – The much awaited sequel of Pakistan’s number one blockbuster Waar produced by the number one production house and starring the number one actor will see Shaan Shahid in a unique avatar, playing an underplayed role of a patriotic army official silencing the enemies of Pakistan.
According to sources, the sequel of the 2013 action-thriller, directed by Bilal Lashari, will see Shaan play a soldier who hunts down overseas actors, artistes and celebrities for refusing to condemn the brutalities of their armies.
“You know how we see all these actors and stars who rigidly and jingoistically cheer on for their army while they abduct dissenting voices, wage war against marginalised ethnicities, and brutally silence any criticism as being anti-national? Shaan’s role is that of a soldier who targets such actors,” revealed a member of the Waar 2 production corps while talking to The Dependent.
Sources within the production unit of Waar 2, the shooting for which began as far back as 2015, further reveal that Shaan’s character in the film will be especially ruthless on those actors who actually take a moral high-ground on others’ supporting nationalist majoritarianism in their own countries, while they themselves star in films that perpetuate a hypernationalist narrative at home.
“They talk about rights and humanitarianism when talking about the cruelties and abuses of other armies, but when it comes to their own armies they actually star in military sponsored films often playing roles of military officers of an army that is committing violence and atrocities at will. Shaan’s character will expose the hypocrisy of such actors in a thriller every bit as patriotic as Waar 1, but twice as elevated on the moral high-ground,” revealed another producer from the corps.
The producers ensured that the film will be so effective that it will open the eyes of actors from countries with the most inhumane and goriest armies, especially India and Israel.
“Watch out Priyanka Chopra and Gal Gadot, Shaan Shahid is coming for you!” the producer added.The Queens’ House is a perfect cube with a black and white marble floor, a spiral staircase, balconies and several entrances. It was such a joy to create this performance and the music for it. The audience were initially up on the balconies and later down below with us in the middle of them.
We hear a single woman’s voice from above, she is joined by two others and we hear them spiralling down the spiral staircase just out of view. When they appear singing and moving, three other women enter from different doors and the six move and sing in communion with the shapes and story of the building. Later, three men surprise us by appearing unexpectedly from another entrance for the finale. With each voice’s arrival the songs become richer and the harmonies more complex.
.”
Bradley Hemmings, Greenwich and Docklands International Festival Director
Cast
Helen Chadwick, Paul Chisholm, Sian Croose, Vivien Ellis, Joanna Foster, Barbara Gellhorn, Aileen Gonsalves, Ian Morgan and Daniel Tomlinson.
Explore
Joanna Foster and Barbara Gellhorn are long term collaborators. Joanna and I have been doing concerts together for more than 30 years! She was also in Home and Barbara was in Dalston Songs.Graphic design is an important aspect to express your creativity in the field of business, advertisements and posters. There are plenty of software’s which offer ultimate tools and features for graphic designing without spending any money. There are also some great graphic design software’s with premium packages. But if you don’t have the money to invest, choosing a graphic design software with no cost will be a good idea. Here are the details of top 6 graphic designing software’s below:
Lunacy
If you are searching for a free graphic designing software Lunacy is the best option for you. Lunacy has an incredible file opening speed with lower memory consumption. It gives you built in assets, icons, photos, vector illustrations and many more. Lunacy can be installed on windows or used on the web. Sketch is only for mac but you can open any Sketch file with Lunacy on windows. As it gives you full compatibility with sketch. And it is the best Sketch alternative for windows. Besides it has a vast range of tools including AI support, component libraries, on canvas toolbars, smart shapes, etc. Lunacy is quite a handy tool with easy features. And you are getting this awesome graphic designing software for your pc completely free.
Videos related to Lunacy
AI-Generated Photos
How to make personal UI kit
Screenshots:
Sketch
Sketch is a great graphic designing software with a free trial of only 30 days. Sketch has UI resources including wireframe kits, templates, mockups, concepts, icons, vector tools, useful extensions and plugins. Most amazing feature of Sketch is supportive plugins and prebuilt themes. You can design with pixels keeping everything vector. And files in this software can be exported in different sizes. It’s an all in one designing software. But it’s only limited to mac and has only one license per device with a one time yearly payment of $99.Even if it has a wide set of tools, it also has some drawbacks. There is no doubt sketch works well as a graphic designing software but falls behind for some features. And if you want a graphic designing software totally free for lifetime, Sketch is not the one to recommend.
Videos related to Sketch:
Intro to Sketch for Beginners
Screenshots:
UXPin design platform
UXPin graphic designing software is outstanding with its wireframing feature. You can install it on any platform. It has collaboration, feedback management, interactive elements, mobile interface, mockup creation, page linking, presentation tools, prototype creation, revision history, screen capture, and wireframe creation. You can perfectly maintain your color palettes and image in this software. Built-in prototypes in this designing software can be easily shared by sending a link. But the interface of this graphic designing software is very hard to operate and understand. This designing software is free for only 14 days. Pricing after the trial period for every user on UXPin starts at $15.00 per month. Even if it has some good features, it’s not free forever.
Videos related to UXPin:
How to use a design editor
How to use design systems
Screenshots:
Krita
Krita is a free online graphic designing software for sketching and painting. It’s an amazing photo editing software. The key features of Krita are brush engines, layer management, training Resources, transform tools, mirroring tools, drawing assistants, PSD Support, color palette, OpenGL enhanced, and selections. A creative software to develop marvelous drawing and sketching. It’s very easy to use yet powerful. Designers can do abstract art, comics, illustrations, and textured paintings effortlessly. If any drawing or sketching artist is seeking for a set of drawing tools with no cost. Then Krita will be a good choice for them as it’s totally free graphic software.
Videos related to Krita:
Tutorial: a Comic page from A to Z with Krita
Krita tutorial: getting to know the UI
Screenshots:
Inkscape
Inkscape is a must having tool for graphic designing professionals and it is free. It’s an open source graphic design tool which can be installed in windows, mac and cloud. Inkscape comes with 2D drawing, data import/export, image editor and rendering. It can convert a bitmap image to a vector. If you are marketing, doing web graphics, cartooning, it’s a wise decision to choose this software. Inkscape is super easy to use with some handy shortcuts and you can adapt to the user layout of this free designing software with ease.
Videos related to Inkscape:
Interface and Basic Drawing
Shape Tools and Options
Groups, Levels, and Object Selection
Screenshots:
Vectr
Vectr is a free graphic designing software to create and edit designs, logos, presentations and cards. Anyone can use this software who wants to design graphics. It can edit and collaborate your designs with easy finish. It’s similar to illustrator but it’s mainly for the purpose of vector arts. It can be used on your browser which is very simple and time efficient. For simple projects this is one of a kind graphic software. You can install it on windows, mac or do it on the web.
Videos related to Vectr:
Grouping Layers In Vectr
Rounding Corners In Vectr
Borders And Shadows
Screenshots:
fag 2212-2rs-tvh-c3 Bearing
GET 30%OFF NOW!
We supply high-quality and best service for fag 2212-2rs-tvh-c3 bearing.fag 2212-2rs-tvh-c3 bearings are widely used in motor, industrial machinery, CNC lathes, high-precision processing machine, locomotive industry,industrial drive, agriculture, compressors, motors and generators, construction and other fields.
This series bearing of fag 2212-2rs-tvh-c3 bearing are better than any brand bearings currently in bearing performance , lifetime, design, and the use of performance. And fag 2212-2rs-tv
- 212 - skf Bearing - skf your bearing solution
- timken m246947-2 Wheel Bearing sale inquiry
- competitive price bearing skf 71914 cd/p4adga Thrust Roller Bearing
- koyo nup2324r Bearing | buy bearing Tapered Roller Bearing
- 19150-905a2 - timken Bearing - 19150-905a2 Top Sale
- nsk nu244mc3 all part number | nsk Bearing
- INA GE400DW-2RS2 Bearing | INA GE400DW-2RS2 rich stock
- KOYO Bearings | 60/800 Bearing | quality bearing supplier & Cheap Price
- INA (sealed) Bearing K81252-M Bearing Original Bearing & Best Price
- FAG Bearings | 3006-B-TVH Bearing | factory direct & specialist
- KOYO Bearings | 3188X/3120 Bearing | Super Powerful & fast shipping bearing
- SKF SNH511-609 Original Bearing Distributor | SNH511-609 Bearing Self-aligning ball bearings 2212-K-2RS
Offer FAG Self-aligning ball bearings 2212-K-2RS-TVH-C3+H312 Bearings Pdf,Spec,Dimensions,Size Chart with best price from us, AtContact us
FAG Bearings India Limited - Patel Bearing, Surat
FAG Imported bearings 2212.2RS.TV.C3 5,153 2212K.2RS.TV.C3 FAG Bearings India LimitedContact us
FAG 2210-2RS-TVH Self-aligning ball bearings
Buy FAG 2210-2RS-TVH bearings from acesbearing Self-aligning ball bearings and best partner in other kind FAG bearing FAG 2212-K-TVH-C3 Self-aligningContact us
FAG Self-aligning ball bearings 2212-K-2RS
Offer FAG Self-aligning ball bearings 2212-K-2RS-TVH-C3+H312 Bearings Pdf,Spec,Dimensions,Size Chart with best price from us, AtContact us
FAG 2212-2RS-TV Self-Aligning Bearing,
FAG 2212-2RS-TV Self-Aligning Bearing, Double Row, Double Sealed, Polyamide/Nylon Cage, Normal Clearance, Metric, 60mm ID, 110mm OD, 28mm Width, 4300rpm MaximumContact us
FAG (Schaeffler) 2211-K-2RS-TVH-C3 Self
FAG (Schaeffler) 2211-K-2RS-TVH-C3 Description . Self-Aligning Ball Bearing - 55 mm ID, 100 mm OD, 25 mm Width, Tapered Bore, Double SealContact us
FAG 2212 2RS TVH bearing in Thailand |
FAG 2212 2RS TVH bearing in Thailand can ensure high quality for more than 80% raw material of FAG 2212 2RS TVH 2212-K-2RS-TVH-C3 - FAG Double Row Self AligningContact us
FAG 2212-K-2RS-TVH-C3 Self-aligning ball
Germany FAG 2212-K-2RS-TVH-C3 bearings, with quick delivery,immediate stock and excellent service. Buy FAG 2212-K-2RS-TVH-C3 bearings from acesbearing.com willContact us
2212.2RS.TV bearing _FAG 2212.2RS.TV -
0183;32; INQUIRY. Details：Self-aligning Ball Bearings 2212.2RS.TV; Like Model No.: 2311K.TV.C3 FAG 2311TV FAG 1212K.TV.C3 FAG 1212TV FAG 2212.2RS.TV FAGContact-bearings | FAG
Providing superior quality Germany FAG 2212-K-2RS-TVH-C3 bearings with quick delivery,immediate stock and excellent service.Rolls Bearing Limited will be yourContact us
FAG 2212.2RS.TV - bearingeshop.com
Are you looking for high quality FAG 2212.2RS.TV bearings ? Are you looking for immediate stock for FAG 2212.2RS.TV bearings ? Please contact us, ERIC BEARINGContact us
Bearing FAG 2212-2RS-TVH-C3
2212-2RS-TVH-C3 FAG, type . Enter the quantity and click Quote. Search for other items in our catalog.Contact bearing in Saint
FAG 2212 K 2RS TVH C3 bearing in Saint Kitts and Nevis. FAG 2212 K 2RS TVH C3 bearing in Saint Kitts and Nevis are widely used in industrial drive, agricultureContact us
UTE | China FAG 2212 K TVH C3 bearing
China FAG 2212 K TVH C3 bearing stainless are widely used in industrial drive, agriculture, compressors, motors and generators, construction, industrial fanContact us
Bearing Detail
fag 2212-2rs-tvh-c3 top 5 bearing | 2212-2rs-tvh-c3 Bearing Factory Direct Supply
1 Piece (Min. Order) √ Buy Samples
DHL Fedex EMS/By Sea
Plastic bag + single box packing + carton box + palletsYoga teacher Colleen Saidman, owner of Yoga Shanti, discusses how her children have become teachers for her and her husband Rodney Yee. The family unit is an opportunity for revelation because of the unconditional love of parents for children, says the author of Yoga for Life: A Journey to Inner Peace and Freedom.
VIDEO
Our Children Are Our Gurus
Add to favoritesFor reference, the payments will appear in your statement as from mmbill.com or chaturbill.com. You can also earn tokens by broadcasting yourself and receiving tips and items in addition to by referring associates. SexCamRadar also offer 200 free tokens for all members who verify the spending limits on their bank cards.
SexCamRadar is one of the solely sex cam sites the place you can watch live hardcore sex action from the outset, without even paying or becoming a member of! SexCamRadar is a cam site for anyone who loves to observe models having fun with themselves. It’s a masturbation specialist, with loads of live performances to select from. You merely pay for tipping models, access live webcam sex to non-public shows or picture and video collections. The site offers HD streaming, with weblog posts to discover, group chat rooms and links to different sex cam sites. You can entry SexCamRadar.com for free of charge, and revel in cam shows of millions of members.
Excessive Visitors On Sexcamradar Supplies Alternative For Publicity
If the model is doing every thing else appropriately, why aren’t they being ranked higher? But I do congratulate you in your high rating and your success on the website. When help is contacted by way of e mail, asking for particulars and a decision, they NEVER respond. They don’t care about the models who work on their platform. And they don’t care that the model looses their sole revenue source. CB permits anyone to file an “abuse report” on a model , and that’s all it takes for a model to be auto-banned. Most “abuse stories” on models come from indignant customers who are just trying to get again at you for being silenced/banned, or some other petty cause.
- There are additionally contests, the flexibility to look using tags, and even the power to “spy” on private shows.
- You can browse male models, female models, trans models, and couples.
- To get into personal shows and private messages, you must be ready to spend for some tokens.
- I don’t know if my followers are still alive my followers are between 10/20k anytime I go online I won’t see them when am live no one will come or did you individuals banned my followers too?
- SexCamRadar mobile is really 2nd to none within the live sex cams house.
Whether you are in your PC or cell, the experience is addictive and you may wish to spend countless hours chatting with girls or just watching them get-off of their free rooms with out saying a word. The much less in style performers, in the direction of the last few pages of cam girls, are usually simply beginning out, so they tend to be shy, slightly unresponsive at times and a few aren’t using HD webcams. If you employ your smartphone to speak on live cams, you may be glad to know that every one the options I mentioned are also out there on the cellular interface.
Top Sexcamradar Models
In the meantime, you have to calculate the costs by dividing tokens by the cost of tokens per minute for these models. It’s simply plenty of fuss when at most conventional cam websites the prices are clearer and the models are all ready to go private. New users with out tokens have a grey name when typing into the live cams chat bar.
Tags – SexCamRadar provides search capabilities to all members, accessed by way of tags. Search the location for tags corresponding to #Squirt to be linked to shows regarding your distinctive pursuits, saving you time searching random cam shows. HookupGuru is a hookup platform aggregating the most important adult courting and webcam sites. Here you will find out the way to hookup online with our guide via the world of the best adult courting sites and skilled reviews.
Sexcamradar Profile Quality
Nothing at all towards those models, some of them are really superior, it’s simply that it can be hard to “hold” in a chat room with a model you can’t actually communicate properly with. SexCamRadar is a freemium live webcam site where the models, male, female, trans and couples, earn money via tips or tokens they receive from the shoppers. It’s a US based mostly firm and since its launch in 2011, SexCamRadar has experienced tremendous growth and is at present thought-about one of the most well-liked cam sites on the web. SexCamRadar is a linguistic blend of phrases “Chat” and “Masturbate”.
If you might be like most, when you join a cam site, you simply want to make sure of two issues. as it’s totally free and you can actually interact more with the women at SexCamRadar with out spending a dime; as long as you could have a lot of endurance that’s. Tokens really go a great distance in comparison with other adult webcam sites as properly and the extra you purchase, the extra you save. Billing is discreet and so that you gained’t have to fret about one thing that says ‘sex cams’ popping up on your bank statement. Here are some of the highlights and issues that come to thoughts using this adult video chat site.
Secure Adult Cam Sites
costs and costs of cam shows vary and because it’s a token system that they make use of. It does take a while to determine how a lot you might be paying for a non-public show right here however our SexCamRadar review ought to assist you to get your bearings fast. SexCamRadar cell is really 2nd to none in the live sex cams space.
Some models have lists at different retailers so you should purchase raunchy underwear or toys for the following time you log-on (LoveHoney, Victoria’s Secrets and so on). Spy shows are watch-solely cams of private shows being carried out live. You can’t work together with the broadcaster or comment however it’s cheaper than paying in your personal show. In phrases of how much money you may make on SexCamRadar, for every 100 tokens you receive in tips they’re worth the equivalent of $5 in money. Regular competitions are run with hourly prizes for the top cams being awarded $10 and $5. The time period SexCamRadar is, of course, a tackle exactly what cam websites are about, “…the act of masturbating while chatting online”.
They separate the models by girls, guys, shemales and couples, but they don’t use an excellent tagging system apart from that. It’d be good to seek out girls by breast size or by what they’re prepared to do. The preview pics are up to date constantly though so you could have an excellent overview of what each model is doing proper now. Some have “HD” high quality, which is actually just a sharper picture and never true HD resolutions.
The site others unrivalled selection – with performers available from every nook of the globe. The free experience is utilized by tens of millions of tourists every day, and the premium upgrades are a welcome addition for those in search of a more personal experience. You can search by keyword if you realize where to look and it took us a number of logins earlier than we found it. Under the sub-menu there is a selectable hidden menu known as, ‘Advanced Options’. This drop-down menu allows you to search by keyword, filter by geographical location and even prioritize the search outcomes for HD cameras. Good performers interact properly with their audience and give them what they tip for. The greatest performers on SexCamRadar attracts 1000’s of devoted followers.Siding Resources
Decking Resources
Outdoor Resources
Indoor Resources
Timbers Resources
About Real Cedar
Eternally stylish, classically beautiful and structurally strong, Western Red Cedar is the cashmere of wood siding. Whether it’s a clear or knotty grade, Western Red Cedar siding equals better protection, increased value for your home, and timeless style. For those who are ready to invest in the long-term beauty of Real Cedar siding, here are three tips to consider before you build.
Check out Real Cedar’s bounty of beautiful examples of Real Cedar siding. Whether it’s a cedar cabin, classic home, or modern masterpiece, we have an image for that. Our annual coffee table book, Cedar Book, showcases the very best of Western Red Cedar siding, offering architectural gems that beautifully convey just what’s possible with Real Cedar on both interiors and exteriors. Also, be sure to check out the designer bible Dwell magazine, another rich source of some of the best of contemporary and/or classic architecture featuring projects swathed in gorgeous Western Red Cedar siding of all grades and profiles.
Western Red Cedar siding or cladding comes in a spectrum of patterns and grades that work with a variety of styles and budgets. Choosing the right one is easy when you do your research and determine the best type for you. For example, do you like the natural beauty of knotty cedar, or the classic look of clear cedar? Whichever profile you pick, rest easy knowing that by choosing Western Red Cedar, you are opting for one of the most sustainable building materials in the world.
They don’t call it nature’s most versatile wood for nothing. You’re spoiled for choice in shades when it comes to Cedar siding, which can naturally weather to a beautiful silvery patina, or be finished with a rich stain. Another great aspect of Western Red Cedar is that it is pitch- and resin-free, meaning it accepts and holds a wide variety of finishes. For the optimal look and durability, cedar siding should be finished on all six sides before it is installed. The longest lasting finish is a two- or three-coat factory application of primer and solid stain or paint.
And remember, in both indoor and outdoor applications, buying from one of our trusted WRCLA members/affiliates is always the best choice.
Want featured projects and architect news to your inbox? Sign Up NowWatching practice this morning. Ducati's are front runners. As they normally are, they've traditionally done well at Qatar.
Interesting News from the Paddock:
- Rossi re-signs for 2 more years and will not commit to retiring at the end of this contract
Zarco in the Silly Season Driver's Seat:
- HRC is making a push for him
- If not HRC, Factory KTM or Tech3 KTM are still viable options
- And Lin Jarvis has now stated they are open to giving their next satellite team a Factory Bike. This means a 3-bike Factory Team will not happen. I believe that Movistar (Vinales' sponsor) would not allow it. But if the satellite has a Factory Bike then it keeps the door open keeping Zarco. But I have to ask, WHY NOW? They could've kept Tech3 had they agreed to that this year!!!... I think this is just Lin Jarvis trying to save face.
- The official list of mfg's that are after Zarco is KTM, HRC, Yamaha, Suzuki, and Ducati
- Zarco's announcement on his future will not be made until LeMans at the earliest
MarcVDS is the front runner for getting the Yamaha Satellite Bikes.
This would throw Honda's developmental program in disarray as MVDS runs Honda's Moto2 & Moto3 program.
Now that Tech3 is the official KTM program, Ive wondered what will happen to the support the Aki Ajo team gets in moto2/moto3? Will KTM support two different official feeder teams? Or will Aki Ajo fill the void left at Honda by MVDS?
If Honda cannot land Zarco, I believe they will make a strong run at Dovi. If Dovi goes Honda, then Petrucci will get the call up to the Factory Ducati squad.
Where will Petrucci land?
- If Ducati is able to retain Dovi (I expect they will), Danilo will need JLo to shit the bed again this year to get his seat
- Ducati coughs up the $$$ to keep him at Prmac (which I doubt will happen)
- Suzuki is a option
- Aprilia wants him (I believe Aprilia will end up with Petrucci or Iannone for 2019)
This season is going to be hot. 13 factory bikes on the grid. And everyone is battling for their 2019 contracts. What a show!!!
Part of Speech: Noun
Definition: A loser, poser, lame-ass. One who talks the talk, but could never walk the walk.
One who talks shit and doesn't back it up, but rather ends up eating their shit in return. A fuckin 'tard.
Usage: SlangHospitality Furniture
Shop By
Now Shopping by
- Price $100.00 - $199.99 Remove This Item
- Colour Black,Grey,Mint,Navy,Yellow Remove This Item
- Material Metal Remove This Item
10 Items
- Arriving late December 2021$189.00$179.00Special Price $115.00 Regular Price $169.00$149.00Special Price $158.00 Regular Price $348.00Special Price $199.00 Regular Price $209.00
10 ItemsCompare ProductsYou have no items to compare.My Wish ListLast Added ItemsYou have no items in your wish list.Justin McGlaun
Justin’s team, Lucky’s Q, has competed in nearly 200 events, with notable wins in the Sam’s Club National Championship and King of the Smoker competitions.
Watch Chef Jamby Roi Martin make a classic Filipino comfort food — crispy pork belly. He first braises Chairman’s Reserve® pork belly in a mixture of soy sauce, vinegar, garlic, bay leaves and pepper, then fries them to crispy perfection.Pirmas / Forumas / Institucijos / Seniūnija
Agen Joker123 Dengan Bonus Terbanyak
Situs Slot: Do You Really Need It? This Will Help You Decide!Poker online try things many individuals are definitely reluctant to obtain engaged at. It is really not very easy to move from tables and bring their games internet. Equal local card advantages remember to master. However, the advisable thing is that might be tools and have the ability to utilize different tips and work out really wins inside on line dewapoker. Will transition after are living players in order to on line has to be patient otherwise, you will discover yourself back once again to that tables. Here are some information that may help you render slot joker123 victories in internet poker.If you need to become a professional poker player, buy an area to relax and play ones games. Paint it within preferred color, hang awesome art as possess some plants in the place and they will result in the environment feel excellent.Offer Perform gambling ExchangeThis is the 2nd thing to watch out for. Always confirm that the poker location provides a complete wagering exchange. Many poker internet sites give complete betting change because they believe in making certain his or her players tend to be completely content with generally there solutions. The Best poker webpages if at the very least posses ones gambling trade you prefer.Make your self secure through getting things that does serve you better. You'll have good quality sounds performing in the history as on your favourite drink. Such things does uplift a person additionally keep you inside close emotions.Online pokies are superb pleasing as well as a more convenient option to love a great game out of poker or even slots through the security of your home whenever you want regarding the day otherwise evening. If you're accustomed playing pokies off-line, then on the internet pokies should be no challenge for you personally and you'll likely realize that they are a far greater way for you to gamble.How To Turn Your Slot Judi Online From Zero To HeroNot just can Online Pokies 4U provide very good product reviews in the most useful online pokie games nonetheless they provide analysis out of offline pokie machines too, therefore in spite of how you love to get the fix out of poker, Online Pokies 4U is actually an excellent resource to seeking out the very best video games and maximising on your possible to obtain the very best jackpots it is possible to.It is frequently the case that online pokies offering greater jackpots compared to those that you might get in the neighborhood gambling go shopping for sample. Websites that provide on the internet pokies often get many others players because anybody on the planet might login and/or perform which enables the businesses available higher jackpots, quite performing on the internet pokies can certainly suggest larger victories for you, offering which you select the absolute best online pokie sites to try out in.Choose to make use of a computer that won't tempt you to definitely perform whereas chatting or sitting with your family members. A perfect spot would be at the office wherein there are not any interruptions, and you may bring professionally, which will be more likely to induce victories.PKV Video games tend to be internet gambling video games that provide enormous opportunities for the person for the winning a large amount. Each games could be enjoyed 8 individuals for a passing fancy dining table. One of them would be the dealer for the video game. You will have all accessibility to ample jackpots towards the players after winning. It is the best spot for the gamblers to check on their chance in poker video games. Your theme of this video games will create excitement and/or enthusiasm to profit inside players.Comprehending the win-rate is a benefit for per poker player. In the event that you do not perceive your very own win-rate try, then you'll definitely not be waiting for the downswings. A New Player that wins commonly will likely encounter faster plus shallower downswings versus a single alongside a lowered rates out of successful.Why You Never See Judi Online That Actually WorksIn conclusion, you have to take time additionally start thinking about regardless using poker skillfully is meant available. If not take the time to adjust to the game and/or find out more unless you are convinced you could make constant income.It's a massive move inside thinking, heading out at playing poker deposit ovo since an interest towards treating it kind of a small business. Then Again we guarantee you will see better results, and you should save/make more money once you are doing it.They'll help you navigate pitfalls, be it in acting skillfully, spending fees, or perhaps acquiring supporting. They will assist you to with method. They will allow you to grow faster. They Are Going To help you together with your mindset.Some males are just bad poker players. These dont posses countless experiences, arent dedicated to understanding, very timidly sign up additionally arent all which enthusiastic about perfecting their approach, plan to video game. They do not understand poker, how it works, will characteristics regarding the video game or perhaps what it takes towards win. This particular means guys that exclusively wrong daters. Their relationship background combined with his or her insufficient desire for upping their game reveals how they are at each poker table which can be crappy. That They do not posses the time or even attract and also arent planning to come across any sort of available oftentimes.Do not be in a hurry towards plunge inside online poker alternatively create your smooth entry by firmly taking gradual procedures. One of the main differences between online poker to live poker usually every hour you're getting countless arms anytime acting internet. The rate on on-line poker was daunting to novices.Many has certainly tried to choose their way around the poker game, most notably with techniques to have per winconsistently. Seriously, there's absolutely no secret towards this regardless of dealing with realize various couple of procedures which surround the game.Currently, betting is becoming one recreational task to most gamblers. Poker that will be a type of betting comprises of cards your bring together gambling, organize, additionally skillfulness. Poker alternates have video gaming as a primary fragment concerning bring then determine the leader of each and every control according to some sort of plans out of competitors' cards many stay secreted until the shut of the part. Poker tournaments differ inside sum of cards consented by which at up-to-date poker competitions 1st circular out of wagering starts among an otherwise one more regarding the throw list making one forced stake. In standard poker, each player bets in line with the course these trust they're well worth like regarding people. That the work then continues clockwise like each player need fit as contact. One competitor who competitions the best stake may also escalate their bet. That The wagering circular completes once nearly all players own known as the very last lottery.
- prisijunkite arba užsiregistruokite, kad galėtumėte rašyti komentarus2022 grant applications are now being accepted
On Tuesday, November 9, 2021, at 2 p.m. EST, the Forest Service will share information and answer questions on how to apply for the grants during a webinar. For more information on the grants and instructions on how to attend the webinar, visit the Forest Service’s Wood Innovations website.
The application period for grant proposals closes on Wednesday, January 19, 2022. For more information on applying for funding, visit the Softwood Lumber Board site; and review the criteria and guidelines. The average matching funds are $50,000-$75,000 per project, but all requests will be considered.TFCU officials announced their partnership with Inclusiv, a leading credit union resource for financial inclusion and community development to help low-income communities achieve sustainable financial independence through credit unions.
In partnership with Inclusiv, TFCU extends access to financially vulnerable or formerly excluded communities by providing financial literacy classes, personalized counseling and affordable access to accounts and loans to low-income households in El Paso County .
“TFCU’s new partnership with Inclusiv is another major step in our vision to prioritize diversity, inclusion and equity for the purposes of community development and individual enrichment,” said the President and CEO from TFCU, Max Villaronga.
“Inclusiv and TFCU have many common goals to help Americans with modest means achieve financial empowerment.”
Credit union officials add that predatory lenders undermine the financial and economic security of community development, borrowers and communities.
TFCU and Inclusiv are committed to filling the gaps and removing barriers to financial opportunities for those in need and underserved.
communities.
“By working with community members to find the right tools for where they are now and where they hope to grow in their financial lives, this partnership will create the catalyst to improve all of El Paso County and beyond,” said added officials.
More information on Inclusiv, click here.- Kayaks
- >
- Recreational Kayaks
- >
- Aquaglide Deschutes 110
Aquaglide Deschutes 110
SKU:
$649.99
$649.99
Unavailable
per item
Deschutes 110 Overview Video
Specs:
Length: 11'
Width: 36"
Weight: 18 lb
Capacity: 300 lbTube Sim detailsCommunity rating: Great
Quick linksAudioGames.net.
Great Sim by Sim Fan0 of 0 people found this review helpful.
Tube Sim is really good. I was a beta tester, and from my experience playing sighted games such as BVE and World of Subways before I lost more vision, this game hits all the great things about a train sim. One of the many great features is how easy it is to change the sounds. As a matter of fact, the sounds I use are not the sounds that came with Tube Sim. I downloaded the first sound package that came available and am using it. Nick does great work. Here is a link to my YouTube video of Tube Sim.<<Attention to my blog has lacked a bit in the last week. The main reason is that I bought a new computer converting from a PC to a MacBook Pro. Most people would say it is about time. I resisted because I tried to make the jump about 5 years ago and only ran into frustration. So it took a bit more poking and prodding this time even though it made all the sense in the world since I am a full fledged iPhone and iPad girl.
Thanks to my good friend Harry who is very willing to answer all my basic questions I am converting easier this time. (However I am making a list of questions that I will have tomorrow.)
Tonight I got distracted from my blog because I have been importing all my iPhone images into Lightroom on my new Mac. File structure is so important. The import is easy and I must admit easier with the Mac or at least Harry showed me a new trick. The time consuming part is the organizing and keywording. I am being diligent. I truly believe it will pay off. Especially since I am going to begin printing my images soon because many people who see them are asking me where I am selling them, very flattering. I have not went in that direction yet because I wanted my first goal to be to teach iPhoneography. Well as many of you know I have began to accomplish that goal so I will be learning more about the world of printing – even though I am resisting that too. There is much to learn, thank goodness for good friends…;-)
So today’s image is a rather simply processed one. The original is a Hipsta image, sharpened in Perfect Photo, the Antique Canvas filter and black frame was added using fxPhotoStudio and that is it..
Pretty fantastic!!! You painting side is starting to show now!!!The Regional District of Kitimat-Stikine voted on Sept. 14, 2012, to oppose the Enbridge Northern Gateway pipeline. Eight of the twelve Regional District Directors of Kitimat Stikine voted to both to oppose the Northern Gateway project and to support resolutions of the Union of BC Municipalities (UBCM) on the pipeline.
Telegraph Creek director David Brocklebank, who originally proposed the motion, was supported by Dease Lake alternate director Joey Waite, Terrace municipal directors Dave Pernarowski (mayor) and Bruce Bidgood (councillor), Nass director (and regional district chair) Harry Nyce, Hazelton village mayor Alice Maitland, the Hazeltons and Kispiox/Kitwanga director Linda Pierre and Diana Penner (who was sitting in for the director Doug McLeod) for the rural area around Terrace and Kitimat.
Brocklebank had proposed the motion at the August meeting. It was tabled to allow for the directors who represent the various regions and municipalities time for consultation.
Voting against were Kitimat municipal director Corinne Scott, New Hazelton mayor Gail Lowry, Thornhill’s Ted Ramsey and Stewart municipal director Billie Ann Belcher.
Scott said she was voting against the motion, continuing the Kitimat council’s position that it remain neutral until the report of the Northern Gateway Joint Review panel. Ramsey also said Thornhill wanted to also remain neutral.
Other directors pointed to what they called the politicization of the Joint Review and how they believed it had been influenced by Prime Minister Stephen Harper.
While the District of Kitimat remains neutral, the Skeena Queen Charlotte Regional District, Prince Rupert, Terrace and Smithers have all voted to oppose the Northern Gateway.
One thought on “Kitimat-Stikine Regional District votes to oppose Enbridge Northern Gateway”New York City bans taking your licensed sidearm out of the city, for any reason, and their local courts have approved of this law. After a nine-year vacuum on gun cases at the High Court, this is the perfect one to bring–straight forward, severe, a blatant violation on the right to bear arms, outrageous on its face, a raw exercise of uncontrolled power. Controversially decided in two lower courts–against the civil right to arms–that’s the nub of the case. Can lower courts operate outside strict guidelines the High Court itself has set? Can lower courts write their own law?
“New York has been treating the Second Amendment as a government permit to infringe on human and civil rights, and worse, its courts have been bowing to their leaders’ demands,” said Alan Korwin, an award-winning author and consultant to JPFO. “The Supreme Court took this case to examine that aberrant behavior.”
The Friend of the Court brief joined by JPFO emphasizes the core rights protected, calling for high-level “strict scrutiny” in cases dealing with the Second Amendment in all lower courts. Courts have been nearly criminally remiss in their actions since the Heller case said stop that in 2008, and lower courts didn’t, a widely recognized problem. “Circuit courts admit they treat the Second Amendment as a second-class right,” JPFO’s brief notes. Yet the Supreme Court insisted the Second Amendment is not a “second-class right” to be “singled out for special–and specially unfavorable–treatment,” in its Chicago v. McDonald ruling in 2010. This case scares the left.
A summary of the main points in JPFO’s brief follows.
Backgrounder
This case has attracted 26 amicus briefs. The U.S. Dept. of Justice filed one just before the deadline, on our side, making some excellent points, summarized below. Here’s the heart of the amicus brief JPFO filed, along with five others in support of the Petitioners–New York State Rifle and Pistol Assn., et al.
• Strict scrutiny should apply in reviewing any ban on self-defense for law-abiding citizens, and to bans on training.
• Strict scrutiny is the appropriate standard for reviewing any prohibitions on law-abiding citizens, because they receive the greatest Second Amendment protections.
• Strict scrutiny is appropriate for evaluating burdens on self-defense.
• Strict scrutiny is appropriate for gauging the City’s burdens on travel and range-training.
• New York City’s travel prohibition is a very severe burden.
• Handgun rentals are no substitute for practice with one’s own gun (city police say go rent guns at other ranges).
• Target shooting is protected by the Second Amendment.
• Like other circuits, the Second Circuit has invented a unique and feeble version of intermediate scrutiny for the Second Amendment.
• The City must provide actual evidence and cannot rely instead on shoddy reasoning or data.
• Intermediate scrutiny must require consideration of substantially less burdensome alternatives.
• By jettisoning this Court’s heightened scrutiny requirements, the lower courts have adopted the freestanding interest-balancing this Court repeatedly rejected.
• Lower courts have been effectively nullifying the Second Amendment; The Second Circuit applies “rational basis” in Second Amendment cases, and the practice is spreading to other courts. (Rational basis is the lowest level and virtually no test, it basically holds that if government legally enacted something, it therefore makes sense, eliminating oversight with circular reasoning.) The Seventh Circuit shows the need for a robust, universal Second Amendment test. The right protected from state infringement by the Fourteenth Amendment has the same original meaning as the right protected from federal infringement by the Second Amendment.
• The circuit court decision upholding New York City should be reversed.
The U.S. Dept. of Justice makes these additional arguments
• The circuit court decision upholding New York City should be reversed.
• The NYC transport ban infringes the right to keep and bear arms.
• The Second Amendment protects a right to transport arms outside the home.
• The transport ban infringes the right to transport arms outside the home.
• The Court of Appeals’ reasons for upholding the transport ban are mistaken.
• The ban on transporting firearms to out-of-state ranges violates the dormant Commerce Clause, but not the right to travel.
• • • • •
Anti-gun-rights groups have also filed briefs, which JPFO will summarize in a bulletin in the near future. Concerned that the U.S. Supreme Court will overturn New York’s draconian ban on gun rights, so-called “gun-control” groups have actually pressed city police to loosen their restrictions, to make the case moot, and keep it out of the High Court. One Pulse For America, headed by former Star Trek actor George Takei’ is among those seeking to scuttle the case by asking police to eliminate the need to get a carry permit to take a household firearm out of the city, a ploy that failed.iTap 2
- the model to fill 2 types of drink from the same tap
- the drinks are separate, no mixing
- no waste between switching the lines
- saves space on the beer wall / kegerator
- cost effective solution to dispense multiple drinks
×.I found this website and thought I'd share it.
It's free when you download just 5 sounds per month, but the sounds are good and you can accumulate quality sounds this way.
I apologize if this has already been posted.
Moderators: time-killer-games, Vengeance66, Candle, reneuend, GM-Support
Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 1 guesttag:blogger.com,1999:blog-4043357725893131935.post3866816262780915627..comments2021-11-13T05:58:38.162-05:00Comments on Gal in the Middle: Dear Winter...Megan it snow, let it snow, let it snow!! I am prayi...Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!! I am praying for a Christmas day blizzard. I'll let you guess why! :)Anonymous SECOND this letter. SERIOUSLY!i SECOND this letter. SERIOUSLY!how i met your father blog've had lots of snow already. I don't mi...We've had lots of snow already. I don't mind it, but what I do mind is having to leave the house to go out in it. Oh how I miss those SAHM days.Amy weather guy is predicting a milder winter for ..!AnonymousLogistics Operations is definitely an typically-forgotten but crucial part of any organization’s total focused arranging. It deals with the complete infrastructure of transporting and supply devices that support a company. Logistics simply just signifies the scientific research of having stuff from point A to position B. Also includes the every day operations of companies’ details programs, though its app is not really restricted to the surgery associated with a physical enterprise. It involves the arrangement and servicing of any company’s inventory, facts programs, generation and delivery techniques, as well as the transportation of supplies and products.
Logistics supervision is definitely not though the process of successfully handling the method of travel, holding and mobility of materials, finalized and components stock (and also their associated facts movement) via the various organizational routes and their backlinking tips. Also handles the every day activities of companies’ data techniques, even though its request is not restricted to the operation of the bodily business. In basic terms, it manages “being aware of where” to get and “how” to supply, track down and store significant things and information to buyers and opposition. Inside of a additional encompassing manner, additionally, it usually takes under consideration the whole of the with the task concerning “finding out how” to obtain issues performed and necessitates the preparation, coordination, corporation and management of the entire task for maximum productiveness, production and profits.
Logistics has become used commonly in the commercial segment, specially by organizations during the development market sectors, to refer to how tools are addressed and transferred across the deliver sequence. Source sequence is actually a word that refers back to the series of occasions that transpire coming from the initial step of constructing a program or a course of action, to the point where by it is actually manufactured in true-time. In addition, it features the specific delivery in the item or perhaps the support, along with its article-shipment everyday life. The entire chain is important and in most cases, even imperative to the success of a corporation. Hence, logistics control is critical to the nicely-getting of a corporation and it is profits.
Logistics can be explained as the circulation of tools from the point of production to begin syndication along with the perfect time to move these solutions within the correct time. A Logistics Director is liable for the actual management of the entire submission strategy. The purpose of a Logistics Administrator is so that the smooth flow of merchandise from position A to point B, through the manufacturer’s warehouse towards the final customers, coming from the providers into the marketers and from your suppliers into the final locations.
The truth is, logistics is a lot more than merely keeping tabs on the correct amount of products to always be shipped at the correct quantity within the correct time. Additionally it requires the design and style and making in the submission strategy together with the production and layout of the shipping canisters as well as the features where these products is going to be kept until such time as they arrive at their potential customers. Most of these everything is interrelated and based mostly on the other. The fact is, logistics is usually a subset of management scientific discipline that utilizes the details technology field of dealing with devices.
Some of the main parts of logistics incorporate travelling operations, submission administration, goods data supervision, merchandise status investigation, and product or service Life Routine Control (PCM). These some elements of logistics are carefully have and related that need considering when performing a enterprise functioning. Transportation supervision means control over movement of solutions in a production, development or delivery establishing. Syndication supervision refers back to the program employed to regulate the supply of items from generation into the buyer or the aim of sale. Merchandise condition examination and merchandise existence spiral managing refer to the routines involved in the real physiological action of products.
There are many ways dealing with logistics might help a corporation. Firstly, it will help them in enhancing production, productivity and lowers costs. It will allow companies to offer more effective solutions for their buyers and maximize sales volume. Furthermore, by means of logistics administration, firms have a apparent snapshot of what they have available along with what number they need to process it so as to match the requirements of their buyers. The development of source sequence management software makes dealing with logistics surgical procedures easier simply because the information amassed is easily attainable and are often used to make proper choices.
Together with these positive aspects, one of the primary features of logistics is time proficiency. Managing the assets and being employed in a designed approach lead to a decline in the time period which is wasted. Whenever there is a sudden necessity for even more natural elements inside of a manufacturing device, it is easy to make an order immediately and this could noticeably lessen supply time, for instance. Even so, in situations where you can find slow downs within the source of uncooked resources, the developing units needs to be notified so that you can allow the demanded products for the buyers. Hence, if logistics are appropriately planned and watched, it provides well-timed shipping and delivery of products and gets rid of bottlenecks and wastages.
If you cherished this post and you would like to obtain extra data regarding Delivery Management Software kindly stop by the web site.
Great tips in connection with the subject areas in this posting, you may like:
Browse around this web-siteMan steals piece of royal carriage, owns up 50 years later
In 1955 fireman Cor Priele and two colleagues had to guard the Golden Carriage which was on display in Rotterdam at the time.
Guard duty must have been boring. The firemen, Poot, Smaal and Priele, started using the royal carriage as a room to sit in and even to play tag around. That’s where things went south. Priele’s boot got caught behind the royal bench and a golden string broke off.
The three guards decided not to tell anyone because it would mean they would get fired on the spot. “I was very, very scared”, the former fireman from Sleeuwijk, Noord-Brabant told Omroep Brabant. He took the string home and kept it in an empty jam jar.
But this year, 50 years after the heinous deed and with both of his colleagues deceased, 83-year-old Priele decided to make amends. He wrote King Willem-Alexander a letter explaining what happened and offered both his apologies and the return of the royal, golden string.
The Golden Carriage was built in 1898 by the Spyker brothers (even before they started making motor cars) as a gift from the citizens of Amsterdam to Queen Wilhelmina on the occasion of her ascension to the Dutch throne. Citizens of Amsterdam chipped in 25 cents each.
It is as yet unknown whether the King has taken Priele up on his offer or not.
(Photo by Zoetnet, some rights reserved)
1 Comment »
RSS feed for comments on this post. TrackBack URL
[…] sweets vending machine. Older members of the corps have demonstrated bad behaviour as well when the man who stole a piece of royal carriage admitted to it 50 years […]
Pingback by 24 oranges » Royal military police have sex in Golden Carriage — January 13, 2015 @ 11:19 am/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/58941837/607931508.jpg.0.jpg)
Last time we checked in with ESPN’s draft expert Todd McShay, he was mocking Georgia offensive guard Isaiah Wynn to the Lions at 20 overall. It was a change of pace after this first mock of the season (from mid December) had Detroit reaching edge rusher Tremaine Edwards.
McShay went back to the drawing board on Wednesday after last week’s NFL Combine, and stuck with an offensive linemen in the first. However, his choice is quite puzzling (ESPN Insider required).
Connor Williams, OT/G, Texas*
Even with Ezekiel Ansah tagged, Detroit could use help at defensive end, but there isn’t the value here..
Connor Williams is a two-year starter at left tackle for Texas, with his final, junior year cut short due to a knee injury. While it’s true that his shorter arm length could mean an eventual shift to the inside, it would be a risky move for the Lions to use their first-round pick on a player they intend to start right away at a position he’s never played.
In McShay’s defense, however, the way the draft board fell would be a nightmare scenario for the Lions. Just about every possible defensive prospect the Lions may target at 20 was already off the board.
- DE/LB Tremaine Edmunds (ninth overall)
- LB Roquan Smith (10th overall)
- DT Vita Vea (12th overall)
- DE Marcus Davenport (14th overall)
- LB Rashaan Evans (17th overall)
- DT Da’Ron Payne (19th overall)
However, the run of defensive players left a few other, perhaps more appealing, options on the table. If interior offensive line remains a big priority, UTEP guard Will Hernandez—who destroyed the NFL Combine—makes more sense than McShay’s pick.
Additionally, the Lions had their shot at any running back not named Saquon Barkley. In fact, McShay did not select a second running back in the entire first round of his mock. Derrius Guice was still on the board, as was Sony Michel, Roland Jones, Nick Chubb and Kerryon Johnson. Granted, this year’s running back class is deep and the Lions could wait until further rounds to fill their need, but if they had a clear No. 2 back on their draft board, they could go in that direction should the board fall this way.
And even if the Lions were adamant that they needed to go defense with their first-round choice, they still had some options on the table. Florida defensive tackle Taven Bryan was still around (and actually was selected 21st).
But perhaps the most obvious choice was one of the hottest defensive prospects coming out of the NFL Combine: edge rusher Harold Landry. Landry obviously has a connection to Lions defensive coordinator Paul Pasqualoni, who coached him in college, but his value goes much beyond that. Landry is an extremely talented, unbelievably athletic edge rusher who has an edge bend like no one else in this draft. Though his 2017 tape was a disappointment, the common belief is that a lingering ankle injury prevented him from repeating what was an outstanding 2016 season (22.0 TFLs, 16.5 sacks).
So while McShay’s board fell in an unfavorable way to the Lions, he only made matters worse by taking a player that’s both a risk and a poor fit for the Lions. There were better options at the same position, but more importantly, there was the perfect prospect in Landry waiting right there for him.As Occupational Health and Safety initiatives become more sophisticated and emphasize more of a managed systems approach, measurement and evaluation tools must also become more strategic in their intent, use and application.
This two-day course will be of value to all health and safety professionals responsible for the evaluation and on-going development of
The course exam is provided to participants by email within five business days of course completion. Participants have 4 weeks from the release date to complete and submit the exam, along with a Statement of Independent Completion. This statement shows that the participant has read and understood the exam instructions, and is submitting an independently completed exam, with any and all collaboration and outside resources are acknowledged therein. This exam deadline is final. Only documented emergencies will be considered by the CSSE, in consultation with the Instructor, as extenuating circumstances for any extension.
Successful completion of CHSC courses requires completion of a CHSC Exam with a minimum 75% standard. Exams require several hours additional time commitment beyond in-class time for the student to demonstrate mastery of the course expectations. This exam follows a case study analysis format.Stay in the loop! Subscribe to our mailing list
On 11 June the European Commission awarded 65 institutions from 16 countries with European quality labels, in recognition of the implementation and use of mobility facilitating measures. Labels are awarded for ‘excellence in applying’, either the European Credit Transfer and Accumulation System (ECTS) or the Diploma Supplement (DS). Ten institutions received both labels this year. The European Commission intends to organise annual application rounds for the ECTS and DS labels in the coming years.
The main criteria for the ECTS label is the correct use of the credit system for mobility (transfer of credits), and in particular that: 1) all relevant information for foreign students is available in English, and 2) the individual files of incoming and outgoing students are complete. The Diploma Supplement label is awarded to institutions which have shown that they provide the Diploma Supplements to students in a correct way: 1) they comply with the standard Diploma Supplement model, 2) all students receive a copy of the Diploma Supplement automatically and free of charge upon graduation, and 3) the Diploma Supplement is issued in a widely spoken European language and, if so wished, in another language.
For a full list of institutions awarded please see the link below.5. There isn't any Restrict On the subject of referring men and women. Also there's no Restrict in earning commission. You may refer as much and make just as much. versions of Binance exchange dedicated to selected marketplaces dependent on their own specific legal and regulatory necessities.|Its Sunday; so
1Genre: Drama , Thriller
About: The TV Show WHAT / IF started airing in 2019 and it is categorized as drama and thriller. 123Movies provided links and subtitles for the episodes which last minutes. All new episodes are automatically updated once they are available online.
Plot: In this neo-noir thriller series, a pair of cash-strapped newlyweds accept a lucrative but morally dubious offer from a mysterious female benefactor. RESEARCH
PhD Project Overview:
An outstanding question in neuroscience is how the brain integrates information from the environment and uses this to make decisions that optimise behavioural output that render the individual adaptive to the ever changing environmental contingencies. A prominent framework posits that the brain is a prediction machine which learns, updates, and adapts when our beliefs about the environment are violated. This project aims to elucidate the specific neural mechanisms involved in these fundamental decision-making processes and where they go awry leading to behavioural aberrations in addiction. Understanding the brain mechanism underpinning adaptive and non-adaptive decision-making processes will further our knowledge about how humans make decisions and shed light into the underlying causes of mental disorders that manifest in maladaptive decisions.Our WooCommerce Product Table plugin comes with a lazy load option for loading product tables with large numbers of products. In response to popular demand, we've just released a new version which lets you search and sort your lazy loaded tables by SKU.
For those of you who don't know, an SKU stands for 'Stock Keeping Unit'. The SKU field is built into WooCommerce, providing a way to store a unique identifier code for each product. An SKU is a bit like the ISBN number for a book, but you can use it to store any type of code (text or numeric) for your products, in any format. While the SKU field is optional, WooCommerce.com have published a convincing article about the benefits of using SKU's in your Woo store.
What is lazy load?
Because of the structured tabular layout, lots of store owners use WooCommerce Product Table to list hundreds or even thousands of products. For example, it's a popular way to sell technical or wholesale products that require lots of extra data and don't need big images. You can use it to create a one-page WooCommerce order form, with all the purchasing options such as add to cart buttons or checkboxes, quantity pickers and variation dropdowns directly in the product table view.
Most WooCommerce stores only display 9 or maybe 12 products per page, without variations. The product table layout means that you’re likely to be loading many times more data than this. Inevitably, this can cause performance problems and slow page load times. And that's where lazy load comes in...
Lazy load is an alternative method of loading the product table, which you can activate by ticking a box on the plugin settings page. Instead of loading all the products with the initial page load, it just loads 1 page of the table at a time.
For example, let's say you have a table with 1,000 products in total, set to list 25 products per page. Without lazy load, you'd be loading all 1,000 products at once - ouch! That's a lot of data and most servers won't cope with this. Instead, you can enable lazy load and just load 25 products at once. Much better!
The problem with lazy load
As you can see, lazy load is a fantastic way of creating product tables such large numbers of products. However, it's never been perfect.
The problem is that with lazy load, WooCommerce Product Table only knows about the products on the current page. It simply hasn't loaded the others yet! This means that the searching and sorting is limited. You can search and sort by product name or description because WordPress indexes these fields in a way that the plugin can access without having loaded the entire table. However, until now it wasn't possible to sort or search by SKU and other data.
Because WooCommerce Product Table is popular for selling technical or wholesale products, people often want to use it to find products based on their SKU. This means that not being able to sort/search by SKU was a big limitation. As a result, this has become one of the most in-demand items on our feature request list.
We're always looking for ways to improve our WP plugins based on customer feedback. After some head scratching, we found a solution.
New feature: search & sort lazy loaded tables by SKU
Version 2.2 of WooCommerce Product Table is now available. While it looks the same as previous versions, there are lots of improvements and code changes under the hood.
When you create a Woo table with lazy load and an SKU column, a sort arrow will now appear at the top of this column. Users can click on this to sort by SKU in either direction. You can also sort the product table by SKU when the table first loads.
In addition, the AJAX-powered keyword search box above the table will now search by SKU field as well as the product name and description.
Example use case
Here's a common use case to help you to visualise the new features:
A WooCommerce wholesale store uses WooCommerce Product Table to create a one-page wholesale order form for their WordPress site. They have a large number of products, so they activate the lazy load option to boost performance.
The B2B wholesale buyers already know what products they want to buy, and have a list of SKU's for their regular products. They simply type a product code into the search box to search by SKU. They then add the product to the cart, and repeat the process to quickly create their order.
This is far more user-friendly than other ways of ordering your regular products. The customer doesn't have to scroll through multiple pages. Instead, they just type the product code and order much more quickly. Perfect!
Where to get the plugin
If you're already using WooCommerce Product Table, just upgrade to the new version from the WordPress Dashboard. If you haven't got it yet, buy it today and start adding searchable, sortable product tables to your store.Comic Book Movie News
The submit Get a Behind-the-Scenes Look at AQUAMAN AND THE LOST KINGDOM appeared first on Nerdist. Prepare to return under the sea as director James Wan and star Jason Momoa convey an exclusive look behind the scenes of Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom to DC FanDome.
Jeff Bezos’ space journey company, Blue Origin, announced Monday that “Star Trek” actor William Shatner will blast off from West Texas on Oct. BEIJING — China noticed a major dip in travel over the past week’s National Day trip. People staying house appeared to have chosen the cinema as an alternative, with a patriotic Korean War movie taking in additional than three.45 billion yuan ($535 million) at the box workplace. The Downton Abbey film’s author and director began saying there was “potential” for a sequel even earlier than the primary movie got here out. Several people concerned in the franchise have revealed that one other movie is going on. And in April 2021, Focus Features confirmed it will be in theaters this Christmas. But that’s additionally the weakest number since COVID-19 vaccines grew to become widely obtainable to all who wished the jab by May.Not one, but four new tracks!
Earlier today we got some of the details regarding the new Gorillaz album. Now we have more details and four songs from the upcoming album. Talking about the new album Damon Albarn said,
? I suppose we were imagining the idea of Donald Trump. It’s not about Donald Trump at all. But it was imagining that in a way. That was our dark fantasy, and unfortunately that became our reality.”
The album will be released on April 28th in a regular and deluxe edition (scroll down for the tracklist). Sharing four new songs on BBC they were also shared with these surreal animated videos. You can preorder the album here.Download the episode here
Hosts: Clayton, Nina, a jackass named KP, and Jordan,
In this episode we discuss how to keep a long-running campaign interesting and fresh
Things we mention:
- The Quiet Year
- Savage Worlds Beasts & Barbarians campaign setting
Geek things:
- Clayton – Liquid water on Mars
- Nina – The Quiet Year tabletop game
- KP – Super Mario Bros. 3
- Jordan – 42,000 year old nematodes thawed and returned to life
- Dark Tourist on NetflixScranton, PA- October 26, 2020- The Women’s Resource Center (WRC) and Victims’ Intervention Program (VIP) are excited to announce they have received $174,000 in funding from the AllOne Foundation. The vision of the AllOne Foundation is to work with others or independently to enhance the present healthcare delivery system of Northeastern and North Central Pennsylvania and to be innovative, creative, and collaborative in crafting new ways of improving the health and welfare of the people of Northeastern and North Central Pennsylvania.
The funds received from the AllOne Foundation will be utilized to enhance and expand a Medical Advocacy program across a four-county area in Northeastern PA to include an emphasis on sexual assault and human trafficking. Monies will be allocated for salaries, benefits, operations, overhead expenses, travel, printing, and training. The training will include staff attending a national conference focused on medical advocacy as well as providing training locally to medical professionals, including offering a Sexual Assault Nurse Examiner (SANE) nursing certification program.
The main goal of the collaboration will be to develop and implement efforts to improve the overall healthcare and medical system response to all victims and survivors of sexual violence, dating/domestic violence, and human trafficking. The program envisions systemic changes in health care provision in relation to victims of these crimes. The WRC & VIP Medical Advocates will conduct outreach to engage local hospitals and healthcare facilities as community partners. Training will be provided for healthcare professionals to assist with screening for domestic/dating violence, sexual violence, and human trafficking. Resources will be made available along with contact information for referrals to Counselor Advocates.
“The partnership and collaboration between healthcare systems, WRC/VIP, and community agencies will support survivors and provide them critical resources and referrals while providing medical professionals the tools and information necessary to understand the unique dynamics of providing services to survivors of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual violence, and human trafficking.” – Peg Ruddy, Executive Director, Women’s Resource Center
“Fortunately, both VIP and WRC currently have great partnerships in their respective communities. What is so exciting about this project, is that VIP and WRC are partnering with each other in this endeavor and bringing even more communities together. This holistic approach and collaboration with VIP/WRC, healthcare systems, and community agencies can only enhance services and care to victims of domestic violence, human trafficking, and sexual abuse/assault/harassment.” – Michele Minor Wolf, Executive Director, Victims’ Intervention Program
Thank you to the AllOne Foundation for its support of this growing program and partnership.© 2021 MJH Life Sciences™ and Drug Topics. All rights reserved.
NACDS ranks as one of top places to work among associations and nonprofits.
In its Oct. 26 issue, CEO Update cited NACDS as one of the "Top places to work in associations and nonprofits." CEO Update is a biweekly newsletter focused on jobs, news, and people in the association and nonprofit world. In its listings of top association benefits, CEO Update highlighted NACDS' paid leave policy and tuition benefit.
To see more Daily News articles, click here.
To go to the Drug Topics homepage, click here.GENEALOGY-DNA-L ArchivesArchiver > GENEALOGY-DNA > 2004-06 > 1086633695
From: David Faux <>
Subject: Geographical Surname Projects
Date: Mon, 7 Jun 2004 11:41:36 -0700 (PDT)
In-Reply-To: <20040607175346.12531.qmail@web81105.mail.yahoo.com>
Gary, do you have a website where we could see the data as it comes in? I put this question to all those doing geographical surname studies. I found that having a snazzy website was the key to attracting new participants. To date there are studies of Mexico, Puerto Rico, Wales, Ireland, the Wirral in England, Scotland, Calabria Italy, as well as my Shetland Project. The only sites I have bookmarked pertain to the latter two. I will check World Families etc., but I am sure there are many who would appreciate a website URL and a short description of each project, its scope, and particularly an update on how things are progressing.
David.
Gary Felix <> wrote:
Hello list,
I compiled a list of 25 R1b's of likely Spanish origin (origins in Mexico and Puerto Rico as well as Spain).
Dr. David K. Faux, P.O. Box 192, Seal Beach, CA, 90740, USA
This thread:Current Travel Advice for Customers.Click here
Cook Islands vacations - An unspoiled paradise
Untouched by tourism, the Cook Islands are a uniquely wonderful collection of 15 small islands in the South Pacific Ocean - it's a true hidden gem. The perfect paradise retreat, the scenery here is picture-perfect, and with barely any discernable activity or bustling tourism in sight, this is a captivating destination quite unlike any other.
The Cook Islands is also one of our delightful wedding destinations. Click here for more details.
A lesser-known oasis in the South Pacific
The Cook Islands are a rare find: the icing-sugar beaches, mind-blowing island scenery and uniquely rich culture have gone completely unblemished by mass tourism. Instead you’ll find this spine-tingling archipelago is home to a slow pace of life and some of the friendliest people in the world. There’s an irresistible charm about the place thanks to this.
The geography of the country is rather unusual, as it comprises 15 small islands scattered across a stretch of the South Pacific Ocean larger than India. The largest of the islands, Rarotonga, is home to dense verdant forests fit for exciting hikes as well as some of the finest beaches.
Why visit Cook Islands?
- Utterly flawless white sand beaches
- None of the over-tourism you see on some paradise islands
- Unbelievable scuba diving and snorkelling thanks to the crystal clear water
- Hiking expeditions referred to locally as ‘tramping’ are unforgettable
Inspired? Tropical Sky also arranges South Pacific Holidays to Fiji and Tahiti.Christian Stolte Biography
Christian Stolte is a character actor from Chicago, America. He is well-known for portraying officer Keith Stolte on the TV series Prison Break. He made debut his acting career in 2000 from a Russian crime film The Brother 2.
He then featured in a TV series Prison Break from 2005-07. Now, he appears in two series Chicago Fire and Chicago P.D. He has played a role of Randall McHolland in both series.
Early Life And Education Of Christian Stolte
Christian Stolte is an American actor who was born on the 16, October 1962, in St. Louis, Missouri. He was born as an only child to a mechanical engineer/ guitarist father John Stolte and mother Anosmia, who was a music teacher in the local school of Missouri.
He was born and raised in St. Louis, Missouri, and although being a single child of his parents, he has 4 half-siblings from his father's previous marriage. Two of those 4 siblings grew up with him. While Studying at the local Solidarity Academy, he learned to play banjo at the age of 6. He learned it at home with his mother.
His father was also in a rock band a few years back, and the family environment inspired him to learn and play music from a young age.
A great fan of American football, Christian played as a quarterback before he graduated from his school. He also was involved in a pop band back then. He played guitar solos and performed gigs around his vicinity.
Christian Stolte's Career
Born and raised in America, Stolte is an American by nationality and belongs to white ethnicity. His name suggests that he is a follower of Christianity.
During this time, he started to get some regular roles. He was often found more around the theatres than in his college. As a result, he had to drop out on the 3rd year, after he got some off-Broadway roles in plays like The Count of Tuscany, Harry and His Mates, Some Sad Day, Pillena Course and others.
His work was already starting to get recognized and he was becoming famous around Illinois. Soon, he left the theatre and it is believed that he did a diploma in an acting/ theater course. However, the fame that he had gained, faded away slowly and there was a time when he did not have much to look forward to.
“At one point, I even thought about giving up in acting. There seemed to be no job for me” he has said. During that time, he supported himself financially by playing music in pubs, working part-time in hotels and such.
After he completed his degree, he went back to theatres but had lost his connections. But then in 1997, he was approached by an old friend who wanted him to star in a play named “Canus Lunis Balloonis”, which was to be featured at the Red Orchid Theatre in Chicago.
Grabbing that chance, Chris played a major part in that play, and later won the Joseph Jefferson Award for New Work. Soon, he was getting job offers, and took up a role in the movie Stranger than Fiction (2006).
He is also known for his role as Keith Stolte in TV series Prison Break. He later portrayed the role of Charles Makley in the movie Public Enemies (2009) and the same year was seen in Law Abiding Citizen.
Christian Stolte's Net Worth
Christian Stolte's net worth is $4 million, as of 2018. He has earned a huge amount of net worth from his acting career.
Christian Stolte's Personal Life
Even after being so popular, he has kept his personal life entirely in the dark. There is almost no information about his marriage life and children. It seems like he is a married man and might have a wife, but as he has not revealed anything it is difficult to say anything.
Information on his divorce is not available and it might be because he has not been through any. He does not seem gay but as he has never talked about his sexual preference, no one knows the truth.The facility is set on 8.9 hectares and comprises approximately 3,300 sqm of dog kennels, multiple dog day runs, several houses simulating typical residential homes and a simulation/training building of 1,185 sqm with mock airport baggage handling facilities. The site also hosts a kennel support hub of circa 980 sqm inclusive of veterinarian facilities in addition to a 1,600 sqm administration facility. The new facility housing the Detector Dog Program capitalised on an opportunity to co-locate the operations of both the Detector Dog Training Centre and the National Breeding and Development Centre making this development the biggest of it’s type in the Southern Hemisphere. Diston Wastewater installed an aboveground wastewater treatment plant (picture to the left) and a state of the art irrigation system for controlled watering outside of the pens. This project is under a lifetime maintenance regime.
White Peter Pan Collar TopRef. Code: AW210602WHT
£38.00 GBP
All EU orders are subject to their own countries customs & duties charges which can be paid at checkout. There will be no additional charges upon arrival of your goods.
Some HTML content
Our classic white top is made from 100% cotton and designed with a sweet Peter Pan collar that will add character to any outfit and long sleeves to ensure your little one is kept cosy on colder days. A must-have for every wardrobe, it can be teamed with anything and everything!
-.Season 30 Semi-Finals 1115: How to Vote for ‘Dancing With the Stars’
Season 30 of ABC’s “Dancing With the Stars” premiered on September 20, 2021, and it’s already nearly over, with only one episode remaining before the season finale.
Because this episode is a double elimination, fans should vote as soon as possible.
The couple with the lowest combined votes and scores from judges Len Goodman, Bruno Tonioli, Carrie Ann Inaba, and Derek Hough will be automatically sent home at the end of the night.
The next two couples with the lowest number of votes will face the judges, who will vote for the couple they want to see in the finale the most.
Continue reading to find out how to vote for your favorite “Dancing With the Stars” couple.
Tonight’s ‘Dancing With the Stars’ Season 30 Contestants and How to Vote
Visit Instagram to see this photo.
DWTS (@dancingabc) shared a post.
Tonight’s episode will feature two eliminations, so voting for your favorite contestant is crucial.
Viewers watching each episode live this season have two options for voting: online on ABCcom or via SMS text messaging.
For voting purposes, here are the numbers:
Text JOJO to 21523 for JoJo Siwa and Jenna Johnson; text SUNI to 21523 for Sunisa Lee and Sasha Farber; text AMANDA to 21523 for Amanda Kloots and Alan Bersten; text IMAN to 21523 for Melora Hardin and Artem Chigvintsev; text MELORA to 21523 for Cody Rigsby and partner; text CODY to 21523
You can vote for your favorite couple up to 20 times if you use both the online tools and text messages.
Dances in the Semi-Finals
Visit Instagram to see this post.
Dancing With The Stars (hashtag)DWTS (@dancingabc) shared this post.
The semi-finals will be the first episode in which each remaining partnership will perform two full dances.
One dance will be a redemption dance in the style of a previous season’s performance, and the other will be a brand-new dance.
The following are the dances that each couple will perform:
A redemption Argentine Tango to “Santa Fe” will be performed by JoJo Siwa and pro Jenna Johnson.
Nokia News – Quick RecapLOS. Asked who the No. 1 centre is, Turris replies: “Whoever’s […]
Senators 3, Ducks 0 ANAHEIM – Andrew Hammond has another puck for his trophy case. This one for his first NHL shutout. To go with last week’s, for his first NHL win. Which is more special? “I don’t know, ask me in the summer,” said Hammond, beaming in the visitors’ dressing room at the Honda […]
The NFL hasn't yet zoned in on a specific team for a possible move to Los Angeles, and any move will be subject to the league's relocation policy, according to NFL commissioner Roger Goodell..- Latest News
January 11, 2013: Hastings on the Third Anniversary of Haiti Earthquake
Friday, January 11, 2013 | 2013 Press Releases
(Fort Lauderdale) Today, Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (D-FL) issued the following statement on the third anniversary of the 7.0 magnitude earthquake ...Continue Reading
January 10, 2013: Hastings and Over 40 Members of Congress Send Letter to OMB Supporting Funding for Mental Health Programs
Thursday, January 10, 2013 | 2013 Press Releases
(Washington, DC) Today, Representatives Alcee L. Hastings (D-FL), Grace Napolitano (D-CA), and Eddie Bernice Johnson (D-TX), along with 46 additional ...Continue Reading
January 8, 2013: Hastings Commemorates 100th Anniversary of Joe’s Stone Crab
Tuesday, January 08, 2013 | 2013 Press Releases
(Fort Lauderdale) Today, Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (D-FL) issued the following statement in commemoration of the 100th anniversary of Joe's Stone ...Continue Reading
January 4, 2013: Reps. Diaz-Balart and Hastings Reintroduce Congressional Everglades Caucus
Friday, January 04, 2013 | 2013 Press Releases
(Washington, D.C.) Today, Representatives Mario Diaz-Balart (R-FL) and Alcee L. Hastings (D-FL) reintroduced the Congressional Everglades Caucus, and ...Continue Reading
21:55Â£4,000 worth of cigarettes stolen from Co-op in night burglary
22:13Wallet taken from vehicle
22:07Decorations needed to brighten up sleigh
22:02Winter wonderland with festive figurines fundraises for charity
21:56Councils in agreement on church expansion plans
21:54Civic offices closing times
21:09Winter wonderland at Portchester house raises cash for charity
20:36NOSTALGIA: What did sailor do to deserve a full naval funeral in the city?
20:48Gunwharf Quays hosts Christmas carol concert
19:32Pompey favourite back at Fratton Park
17:00Pompey boss' Naismith hopes
16:48College gets grant to find out the origins of '˜squinny' and '˜dinlo'
16:1990s stars join up for triple bill
15:57Rose: There's nothing to fear for Hawks
15:24Kabamba leaves Colchester to return to Pompey
00:00NATS signs Singapore airport deal
15:00Burglar caught by police with stolen jewellery in rucksack
14:20William Cunningham crowns superb year in style
13:18TV Choice: What to download or stream this week
14:18TV Choice: What to download or stream this week
14:18TV Choice: What to download or stream this week
13:10TV Choice: Five of the best shows this week
14:10TV Choice: Five of the best shows this week
14:10TV Choice: Five of the best shows this week
13:01TV Highlights: The League Of Gentlemen and The Royal Variety Performance
14:01TV Highlights: The League Of Gentlemen and The Royal Variety Performance
14:01TV Highlights: The League Of Gentlemen and The Royal Variety Performance
13:55MOVIES: Star Wars: The Last Jedi - Mark Hamill, Daisy Ridley and John Boyega interview
12:55MOVIES: Star Wars: The Last Jedi - Mark Hamill, Daisy Ridley and John Boyega interview
13:54Surfer leaves job to become '˜hobbypreneur'
13:34Pompey injury latest: Close set for return... Naismith doubtful
13:20Chefs of the future help out the homeless
13:12Havant must take A game to Brighton
13:13Portsmouth wary of surprises at Basingstoke
13:07Video: Jackett's Pompey v Bury press conference
11:26Remember these? Here's what reality TV stars from the Portsmouth area are up to now
11:22Duo hailed as Smugglers set standard
11:11ALAN MAK: It vital our exporters get a good deal in place for when we leave the EU
11:04Defeat to Pompey - now Charlton players face wrath of boss for Christmas party images
11:01WATCH: Star Wars superfans attend Leicester Square midnight screening of The Last Jedi
10:57REVEALED: What inmates in our prisons will be tucking into on Christmas Day
10:55REV JONATHAN JEFFERY: How the birth of a baby changed the course of the world
10:47Jamie Wilson continues his fine run of form
10:39REV ANDY DAVIS: I love Christmas '“ including all the tacky bits.
20:00CHERYL GIBBS: Decorating (badly) and Christmas do not mix
10:23CANON PETER LEONARD: Christmas is wonderful but this time of year can be a real struggle for some
10:23REV ROGER JACKSON: Never before has the Nativity seemed so relevant
10:17WATCH: Bury F.C. in 60 seconds
10:17Talmondt on a roll to crush Emsworth
10:15From Fat To Fit: Reporter's six-week challenge with Village Gym
09:19PICTURE GALLERY: Fareham Academy Christmas fair
09:15facf
08:48NATIONAL: Hopes for healing six months on from Grenfell Tower disaster
08:51REGIONAL: Five-year-old boy crossing road dies in crash
08:22Here's how Portsmouth area MPs voted in the Brexit bill
07:26WEATHER AND TRAVEL: A cloudy day for Portsmouth
06:00Hampshire police faces traffic police cuts in '˜devastating blow'
06:20Yummy treats raise cash for life-saving equipment for premature babies at QA Hospital
06:00Six things to do in the next 48 hours: December 14 and 15
06:35Lidl's scored a victory but it's a big loss for industry
06:00Sales head gets over 100,000 hits and launches firm
00:00Independent agency comes top of the charts for deals
00:00Cyber experts predict more attacks in 2018
06:00Solicitor leaves Australia to take up Southsea role
06:12Team of elves have information stall at QA Hospital on dementia
06:00STREETWISE: Don't let them get away with shoddy service or merchandise
06:00In the Courts '“ latest update
06:00Pompey boss delight after left-sided reshuffle
05:59Pompey keeping tabs on left-back's rehabilitation
09:00Gallen: O'Keefe's no Pompey reserve
00:28LETTER OF THE DAY: Claws out over Santa
06:00THIS WEEK IN 1996: Police send pubs pictures of thugs
06:00THIS WEEK IN 1996: Coastguard helicopter to stay put thanks to '˜people power'What to Expect from a Jauz ‘Off The Deep End’ Set
November 26, 2021
November 26, 2021
Ireland-born, Spain-native, and LA-based producer Sian might be considered a deep house DJ, but his eclectic sound is avant-garde in a way that appeals to the masses. The vibe of his music still has that smooth, warm sound that you sink in to like regular deep house, but he infuses samples and sounds to jolt and surprise you in a pleasant way. His tracks are acidic, sharp as a razor’s edge, and use that edge to push techno and house music past electronic boundaries into something totally unexplored. As this week’s RB Deep in the Mix, His EDC Las Vegas set stands as a nice example of Sian’s adventurous style. Listen below.
Sian’s set has techno’s structure with a taste of high energy big room because of unlikely injections like electrifying synths and space-age sounds. Sometimes techno takes a trained ear to appreciate what’s going on, but Sian’s music is a rare case where new listeners of techno and experts looking for the next new things can enjoy his talent.
If you’d like to experience this talent for yourself, then don’t miss Sian when he comes to Shady Park on July 6. Get your tickets now.
Connect with Sian: Facebook | Twitter | SoundCloudTom Dignan
Apparently, this user prefers to keep an air of mystery about them.
Communities (16)
Top Network Posts
- 77Android - Set fragment id
- 26"Conversion to Dalvik format failed with error 1" on external JAR
- 20No follow attribute set in user profile website link... why?
- 20How can I connect to the FitBit Zip over Bluetooth 4.0 LE on Linux with bluez?
- 16How do I isolate difficult to reproduce bugs?
- 15How can I use android transition effects in web view?
- 14Python format tabular output
- View more network posts →
Keeping a low profile.
This user hasn't posted... yet.We now have the official details from Asus on the Malaysia Zenfone 3 availability. The main detail right now is that the Zenfone 3 models (ZE552KL and ZE520KL) and Zenfone 3 Ultra are going to be first available. We do not yet know the release schedule of the Zenfone 3 Deluxe. The Zenfone 3 Ultra is up for pre order and the two sizes of Zenfone 3 will be available now.
To recap the prices and models:
- Zenfone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) with 6GB RAM and 256GB storage – RM 3,299
- Zenfone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) with 6GB RAM and 64GB stroage – RM 2,599
- Zenfone 3 (ZE552KL) with 4GB RAM and 64GB storage – RM 1,699
- Zenfone 3 (ZE520KL) with 4GB RAM and 64GB storage – RM 1,499
- Zenfone 3 Laser (ZC551KL) with 4GB RAM and 32GB storage – RM 999
- Zenfone 3 Max (ZC520TL) with 3GB RAM and 32GB storage – RM 799LOCAL AREA LINKS
Associations
- Camping in Ontario
- Bancroft Chamber of Commerce
- Hastings County
Coe Hill
- Cosby’s Small Engines
- The Barn Chefs
- Township of Wollaston
- Ron Earl Excavating
- Chandlers Country Market
- That Place Restaurant
- Hideaway Grill
- LCBO
- The Gut – Conservation Area
- Geocaching
- Old Hastings Gallery – Ormsby
- The Old School House Tea Room
Bancroft
- Moose FM Radio
- Eagle’s Nest
- Canadian Tire
- R Gas Propane
- Foodland
- No Frills
- Terra Sun Hair Care
- The Old Tin Shed
- West Wind Gallery
Local Area Links
- Apsley Autumn Studio Tour
- Apsley Public Library
- The Apsley Voice monthly newsletter
- Chandos Lake Property Owners Association
- Kawartha Highlands Signature Site
- Peterborough & the Kawarthas TourismOntario Tourism
- NOTO – The Voice of Nature and Outdoor Tourism
- OntarioTourism in Ontario – Info on Travel and Tourism in Ontario
- Seniors Info – The Government of Canada
Request a Callback
Fill in the form below to request a callback to discuss your.
RENT A RED EAGLE COTTAGE
USED TRAILERS FOR SALEE-Z UP ES100S Instant Shelter Canopy, 10 by 10', White
Color: White • Item Dimensions: 137 x 120 x 120 inches • Item Weight: 56 pounds • Item model number: ES100S910WHVP • Manufacturer: International E-Z UP, Inc • Manufacturer Part Number: ES100S910WHVP • Material Type: Steel • Model Number: ES100S910WHVP • ... Show moreOrigin: China • UNSPSC Code: 30151902
Base Price: $247.46
$229.13 + $18.33 tax + free 2 day shipping
Recommendation $247.46
×
$229.13 +
$18.33 tax +
free shipping
Product Condition: New
6 Other Offers
×
Sort By: Estimated Total
Top Alternatives 15
The product you’re viewing received 7% of the views and none of the orders versus these alternatives.
E-Z UP ES100S Instant Shelter Canopy, 10 by 10', White
$229.13
Recent Views
7%
Recent Orders
0%
First avail.
--Chat with us on finding a job with a disability
I’ll tell you a dirty little secret: it takes me longer than my sighted peers to get my work done.
I’m not supposed to admit this. Thing is, 70% of people who are blind – like me — are unemployed. The unemployment rate among people who have disabilities is equally appalling, and most of us would like to work. So we’re supposed to say we’re just like everyone else. You know, so employers won’t be afraid to hire us.
But truth is, we’re not like everyone else. Braille takes longer to read than print. Searching a web site by ear with a talking computer takes up more time than using the screen. Cutting and pasting can be slower with a talking computer, too. And so, I wake up early, put extra time in, go the extra mile. And I’m not alone. If you have a disability, and you have a job, you have to be resourceful.
Join our Facebook chat tomorrow to learn what it takes to find a job when you have a disability, and get some valuable insight on the difficulties that arise when young people with disabilities begin to enter the workforce. “Launching Your Career: An Honest Chat about Navigating the Workforce with Disabilities” starts tomorrow, Tuesday, October 7 at 2 p.m. (EST), and you can join in on the conversation at Facebook.com/easterseals.
A team of panelists selected by Easter Seals are prepared to offer wisdom, advice and their personal experiences finding a job:
- Sara Fair, a college senior who interned with Easter Seals over the summer and is beginning to job-search
- Ben Trockman, a college graduate who interned with Easter Seals over the summer and started a job this fall
- Colleen Flanagan, a working professional with disabilities who has been through it all and now mentors others as a leader of the youth program at Easter Seals Massachusetts
- Patrick Cokley, a Policy Advisor at the Office of Disability Employment Policy, an agency within the Department of Labor that aims to expand employment opportunities for people with disabilities.
Our Facebook chat is open to questions from the audience, so please join in and ask away!
*Prepare for the chat with Claudia Gordon’s 3 tips for launching a career when you have a disability, and offer your comments and ideas below!
October 8th, 2014 at 7:24 am
Ill been disable for 8 years doctor said I can go back to work I like to work with others that I can be a help too I don’t know how to fill out apps on the computers 585-729-7480 585-451-7227 Thank you Please call me
October 7th, 2014 at 3:17 pm
This event was great, and I’d encourage anyone to check out all of the questions, answers and comments on Facebook.com/EasterSeals anytime this week for support with your job search!
October 6th, 2014 at 6:15 am
I am 46 all most 47and I have never been able to hold down a jib to support my kids or my self that can live on my disability is you heard of dislexa well I have all the Dislex that there is didn’t know until I was 22 so I have stuffed my whole lifeThe color
#70fda9 consists of 112
parts of red, 253 parts of green, and 169 parts of blue.
The percentages of those three color channels are 43.9% red,
99.2% green, and 66.3% blue.
Converting the HEX color to HSL gives us a hue angle of 144 degrees, as well as the values 97.2% of saturation, and 71.6% of lightness.
The CYMK percentages of the
#70fda9 hex color are
55.7% cyan, 0.0% magenta,
33.2% yellow, and 0.8% black.
The complemenary color of
#70fda9 is
#fd70c5.
Its hue angle is 324 degrees which is located at the oposite side
of the color wheel.
The
#70fda9 triadic colors are
#a970fd, and
#70fda9.
Their hue angles are 264 degrees, and
264 degrees.
Together they form an equal triangle on the the color wheel.
Analogous colors of
#70fda9 are
#7efd70, and
#70fda9.
They are placed on both sides on the color wheel of our color with an equal distance of 30 degrees.
Their hue angles are 114 degrees, and
114 degrees.From manhattan toy
Manhattan Toy Dr. Seuss The Grinch 15" Soft Plush Toy", One Size , Multiple Colors
Advertisement
ï»¿The beloved Dr. Seuss Grinch character is a great snuggly companion and an eye-catching complement to a kid's room or nursery.. Since 1979, Manhattan Toy has been making award-winning, high quality, educational toys for your baby, toddler or kid. From Recommended Ages: 3 Years And UpMeasurements: 7 Length/InchesCare: Wipe CleanCountry of Origin: ImportedDownload Now Download Now Let's helps groups plan events efficiently. Friends, family, and professionals -- ultimately, you make a decision on a time and place. Using group texts to make decisions allows everyone to chime in but can be inefficient. On the other hand, making a calendar event is efficient but eliminates discussion. Let's combines the flexibility of group texts with the efficiency of calendar events. With Let's, a host suggests a time and place, and then group members can offer new suggestions and vote. The host makes an informed decision. Everyone reaches a decision faster and with less notifications. Feature: Time and Place SuggestionsThe host can enable suggestions for time and place. Everyone can make suggestions. If you know where you want to go, disable place suggestions and only focus discussion on time. Feature: VotingInstead of sending texts "Yes", "That works for me" or "No", "Sorry I can't make that", just vote. Get to the point and with less mess and less notifications. Feature: ChatFor everything else, there is a chat. Whose car are you taking? Running late? Have a picture to share? Use the chat. Feature: People SuggestionsLeave people suggestions on and guests can invite other people. Turn it off if you want to keep it quiet. Feature: Calendar Integration When an event is confirmed, it is exported to your calendar, so you can track it and get a reminder. Situation: Quick EventIf you want to get started quickly and are open to ideas, make an event with only a title "Dinner this weekend". Leave time and place suggestions on and then anyone can throw out ideas -- just like in real life. Many fun features to come. Submit a request! We are excited to hear your ideas. Email me: colin@yeahlets.com. Price USD 0 License Free Version 3.2.2 Operating System Android System Requirements None Download Now Download NowDo you know someone in need?
Do you have a friend, colleague or family member who’s in need?
The AFC provides compassionate aid to Canadian entertainment professionals working in all aspects of film, TV, music, theatre and dance. In a difficult situation, it’s sometimes tough for artists and entertainment professionals to know where to turn for assistance. If you see someone who you think might be seriously affected by an injury, illness or other personal or professional hardship, one of the best ways you can help is to let them know about The AFC.
“Have you heard about The AFC? They’re the lifeline for Canada’s entertainment industry. They provide short-term assistance to help with the cost of things like housing, food, transportation and medical costs. It’s 100% confidential.”
Start simple. Let them know that you care.
As follow up you can direct them to our toll free number or to our website.
Helping people in times of need is what we do, so thank you for helping us to help those in need in our community.
We’ve evolved
If you work in Canada’s entertainment industry, The AFC stands for you. Learn more ›
Fundraising idea
Be creative! Learn more about DIY events here ›
More from Sibel ›More from Sibel ›
“We need to help each other, if we can”section to square millimeters
Area
Free online Area conversion. Convert section to square millimeters (sct to mm2). How much is section to square millimeters? Made for you with much by CalculatePlus.
Try out the inverse calculation square millimeter to sections.
Conversion table
Latest from this category)
dm2 to dam2 (square decimeter to square decameter)
30 km2 to m2 (square kilometers to square meters)
Latest calculations
5 kcal to calorie (kilocalories to cal)
2,000,000 m2 to km2 (square meters to square kilometers)
4 kilograms to grams (kg to g)
120 kW to kJ/s (kilowatts to kilojoules/second))connecting hardwired devices via a switch
I used to have a netgear router and just switched over to an eero 2nd gen. I have a few devices that are hardwired (my mac mini, an unraid server, smartthings hub, etc).
my new setup:
I have my cable modem connected to one of the ports on the eero and a netgear 5 port switch connected to the other port on the eero.
my hardwired devices are plugged into the other ports on the 5 port switch.
problem:
ever since switching things over to this configuration, some of my devices will not connect.
whats interesting is that a few of them connect with no problem.
My smartthings hub and my hue bridge connect with no problems.
My mac mini connects to the eero and I can see it as a hard wired device in the list of devices in the eero app, but I am unable to connect to the internet from my mac mini.
my unraid server is connected to the switch and does not even appear at all on the list of devices in the eero app.
how can I get the mac mini and my unraid server to connect properly? any ideas would be appreciated!
Hi blairdee2000 —
Thanks for reaching out! Sorry to hear you're running into this issue with certain devices not working while hardwired; let's see if we can get it sorted out!
In your Mac Mini, Go to System Preferences -> Network. Click on 'Advanced' and select 'TCP/IP. Click on the 'Renew lease' button.
Could you also try swapping cables and ports on the devices and the switch to double check that it's not an issue with those?
Thank you!
-A 28-YEAR-OLD MAN with long-standing asthma was admitted to the hospital in status asthmaticus. Necessary treatment modalities included high-dose methylprednisolone, sedation, and succinylcholine-induced paralysis for intubation. Pulmonary infiltrates were noted on a chest radiograph, and the patient could not be weaned from ventilation use. Decreasing consciousness was observed, and the results of a computed tomographic scan of the head showed ring-enhancing lesions in the right frontal and left parietal cerebral lobes. After rapid neurologic decline, the patient died.
Sample laminated card that may be distributed to house officers or those physicians who request permission for autopsy performance. The card may be sized to fit in a pocket and has general information on one side (top) and sample text for requesting permission on the other side of the card (bottom). Specific wording must be designed with institutional needs, policies, and local laws in.This area is very good for all things like saloon, market and other shopping. People's are very kind in this locality. There is no problem for water and electricity. Area is very good for all like environment also. Auto, bus and cab also available in only 2 to 5 mins. Hospital also near. In this area there is no traffic jam problem. Good schools also near. This area is safe for night and no problem about lights on road. There is low pollution. Thanks.Show More
Tathawade is one of the fastest developing areas in Pune and enjoys superb connectivity with Pimpri, Wakad, Hinjewadi, and Ravet. It is also at a convenient distance from Aundh, Akurdi and Chinchwad. Apart from this, it’s close to celebrated entertainment centres, malls, hospitals etc. This makes Tathawade an ideal location for migrant families and locals a like. Entertainment centres in and around TathawadeShow More
The railway station, bus stand and3 to 4 bus stops are at a walkable distance. The market is also near so we don't have to go far. There is a safe feeling inside the streets because of knowing most of the residents here. Everyone help one another so it becomes even more easier to live. The silent surroundings are quite enjoyable.Show More
There are many colleges in this area and that colleges are very well for studies like engineering and mbbs.the transport system in our locality is good means roads and bridges are very well.hospital is at 2km . college is at 1km.there is a big mall at half of km . private cabs are available.and also good for online delivery.In all everything is nice.Show More
Tathawade is well-connected to other parts of the city by road which passes through the heart of this suburb. Prominent shopping malls, movie theatres, schools
It's located in pune but far from pune so that no crowded or traffic here also theatre,mall ,all big food shopes are located in this area also one of the best school of pune are located in this area so I like this placed very much also environment is pollution free because of less crowd from this place all travelling route are nearby like railway station ,bus stop , metro also there but not started yet hospital, police station,all services are available in this are so need to travel so far I like this place very much I love this place.Show More
Clean and hygienic city. Less number of vehicles on roads, due to this low pollution, less traffic jams and better environment. Daily tap water supply. Due to less number of vehicles, condition of roads are also good. Street light on every road. Clothing shops are nearby so no worry for buying clothes. Vegetable and fruit market is also nearby so no worry about that too. Fish market is also nearby. Supply of basic facilities are excellent. Hardware shops are also nearby. Essential services like milk and all are available at doorstep.Show MoreNo current listings, please check back later.
Forest Beach is a mixed-use area that many “old timers” consider to be the unofficial downtown of Hilton Head Island. It was developed in the 1950’s as a casual beach community, close to what was at that time the island's only shopping center. Forest Beach is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean to the east, Shipyard's 340-room Sonesta Resort to the north, and the Sea Pines Plantation Ocean Gate to the south. No property is located more than a five minute walk from the beach.
Coligny Circle, which separates North Forest Beach from South Forest Beach, was named after French admiral Gaspard de Coligny, who, in 1562, sent naval officer and navigator Jean Ribaut to the New World in an attempt to establish a French colony in what is now the southeastern coast of the United States.
The southernmost part of South Forest Beach (called Lawton Beach and Palm Forest) is a family-oriented neighborhood located within a few hundred yards of the Sea Pines Montessori Academy and the Hilton Head Preparatory School. North Forest Beach is an excellent investment and rental location, due to its close proximity to the second Van Der Meer Tennis Center and Coligny Plaza's shops and restaurants.
Forest Beach villa groups include Hilton Head Beach Club, North Shore Place, Ocean Club, Ocean One, Shorewood, The Breakers, and Sea Crest Villas to name a few. Everything from small beach cottages to eight bedroom oceanfront mansions are also available to rent and purchase. Search for all Forest Beach real estate, including oceanfront homes, condos, villas and lots for sale on our website.Topical BHRT Questions and Answers
If you are unable to take other treatment options for your hormone levels or you are unsure how they may affect you, contact us today to learn more about our topical hormone replacement therapy. For more information call us today or book an appointment online.We are located at 622 W Duarte Rd. Ste. 305 Arcadia, CA 91007.
What is Topical BHRT used for?
Topical hormone replacement therapy is a medication that contains female hormones. You can take this medication to help replace estrogen that your body has stopped making due to menopause. Topical Hormone Therapy is often used to help treat common menopausal symptoms including hot flashes, and vaginal discomfort.
Topical hormone replacement therapy uses low-dose vaginal preparations of estrogen, these come in a cream, tablet or ring form which minimizes the level of estrogen that is being absorbed into the body. Use to this low-dose form of vaginal preparations it is usually only used to treat vaginal and urinary symptoms of menopause.
Typically, if you have not had your uterus removed, your doctor will prescribe some form of estrogen along with progesterone or progestin. This is due to estrogen being taken along will not balance out the progesterone.
What are the benefits of Topical BHRT?
There are plenty of benefits that come with topical hormone replacement therapy, they include:
- Estrogen therapy offers the most effective treatment for relief of menopausal hot flashes and night sweats
- Estrogen offers the ease of vaginal symptoms due to menopause, including dryness, itching, burning and discomfort with intercourse.
- Estrogen helps by protecting against bone-thinning disease osteoporosis. Particularly if you cannot tolerate or if you aren’t benefiting from other treatment options for the disease.
- If you’ve had your ovaries surgically removed before the age of 45, if you have stopped having your period before the age of 45, or you have lost normal function of your ovaries before the age of 40, your body has been previously exposed to less estrogen than other women who are experiencing menopause. Estrogen therapy is able to decrease your risk of certain health conditions like osteoporosis, heart disease, stroke, dementia and mood swings.
To determine if topical hormone replacement therapy is right for you, speak to one of our medical providers today. They can go over the benefits it could have for you and your health, depending on your history and any medical tests available to review, or they may offer a different treatment solution.
What are the symptoms of genitourinary syndrome of menopause?
Many postmenopausal women experience genitourinary syndrome; however, very few seek out treatment options. Whether it be from embarrassment, or resigning themselves to living with these symptoms. Just know, you are not alone, many women deal with symptoms of vaginal atrophy which is the thinning, drying and inflammation of the vaginal walls due to the body offering less estrogen.
A few symptoms you may be experiencing if you are dealing with genitourinary syndrome include:
- Vaginal dryness
- Vaginal burning
- Vaginal discharge
- Genital itching
- Burning with urination
- Urgency when urinating
- Frequent urination
- Recurrent urinary tract infections
- Urinary incontinence
- Light bleeding after sex
- Discomfort during sex
- Decreased vaginal lubrication during sex
- Shortening and tightening of the vaginal canal
It is important to visit one of our specialist doctors if you are living with any of the above symptoms. We are able to provide a proper diagnosis and get you the treatment you need to live a much happier symptom free life.
Who needs Topical BHRT?
Anyone who may be dealing with the above symptoms should look into topical hormone replacement therapy. Each individual that will be recommended for a hormone replacement therapy type will be on a case-by-case basis, as it will depend much on the symptoms they are experiencing, the severity of their symptoms, and what method they wish to take to help with hormone levels. If you are interested in how topical hormone replacement therapy can benefit you and your symptoms of hormone loss, contact us today. We will provide the most up-to-date information possible about the therapy, and how it may affect you personally depending on your health, and many other facts.Access Denied
IMPORTANT! If you’re a store owner, please make sure you have Customer accounts enabled in your Store Admin, as you have customer based locks set up with EasyLockdown app. Enable Customer Accounts
Hazen & Co.
Charlie Bow, Lavender$55.00
Just in time for spring, the Charlie Bow in lavender is the perfect hair accessory ready to polish off any look! Featuring floral scalloped ribbon, the Charlie Bow will quickly become this season's go-to!
HIGHLGIHTS:
lavender scalloped floral ribbon
french clip barrette
Made with love in the great state of Texas!
You may also love
Kelly Barrette, Dark Tortoise$28.00
Almost GoneEl Carmen - Jalisco
Facts about El Carmen
Location of El Carmen
El Carmen is located in the municipality of Encarnación de Díaz in the Mexican state of Jalisco with the GPS coordinates:
Longitude (dec): -101.992778
Latitude (dec): 21.701389
Height over sea level of El Carmen
The locations medium height over sea level is 1980 meters.
Population in El Carmen
The over all population of El Carmen is 147 persons, 78 of them are male and 69 of them are female.
Age distribution
The population of this place consists of 83 minors and 64 adults, with 7 of them being 60 years and older.
Social structure
A legal claim on health care and social insurance benefits have 54 citizens of El Carmen.
Economic situation
In El Carmen exist about 30 households.
Of these households 25 are common houses or apartments, 12 are without floor and about 1 consist of one room only.
2 of the normal households have sanitary installations, 0 are connected to the public water supply, 25 have access to electricity.
The economic situation allows 0 households to own a computer, 10 own a washing machine and 23 households are equipped with one ore more televisions.
School and education in El Carmen
Besides the 19 analphabets aged 15 or older, about 4 minors between 6 and 14 are not visiting a school.
18 inhabitants of the population of 15 years and older did not visit a school and 51 persons did not finish the school. 4 visited only the 6 years lasting primary school, 0 visited and finished the college or similar scholar institutions.
A total of 1 aged 15 to 24 years visited a school, the medium time school is visited through the whole population is 3 years.
Map of El Carmen
Add a reference to El Carmen
To add a link to this page just copy and paste the following code into Your html code:
<a href="">El Carmen</a>
El Carmen Fotos
If You don´t see any fotos here you can help by uploading Your fotos at panoramio.com.
Do You know the places close to El Carmen ?
Casillas
El Carmen
El Llano
El Mogote
El Pirul
El Porvenir
El Rayito
El Recreo
El Saucito
El Sauz
El Tecuán
El Zapote Uno
La Estancia
La Golondrina
La Tazolera
La Verdolaga
Los Tajos
Los Tenamastes
Ojo de Agua de Tecuán (Ojo de Agua)
Potrerillos
Rancho de Abajo
Rancho los Pirules
San Isidro Buenavista
San Vicente del Tecuán
Santa Lucía
Cuautitlán
El Porvenir
El Ranchito de Guadalupe
El Ranchito de Juan Flores
La Barranca
La Canica
La Cruz
La Loma
Ledesma
Loma de San Antonio
Los Alamitos
Providencia
Puerta de la Cruz
Rancho el Tepeyac
Salto de Yeguas
Localities close to El Carmen -Vizlib Bar Chart v3.2.1 released!
Release Date: 24/11/21
- [LIB-10500]: Console Error
Selecting the option single color in the color scheme, might create a console log error.
- [LIB-10437]: Editing Color Scheme
When clicking on a color gradient edit button, results with the color gradient disappearance.
- [LIB-10409]: Measure Number Formatting
When using a master measure.
The setting, use master measure format isn't active.
- [LIB-10408]: Dragging Measure in Properties Panel
Moving a measure to the alternative measures in the properties panel, causes console errrors.
- [LIB-9489]: Mouse Scroll Behavior
Mouse scroll over the Bar Chart causes console errors.
Vizlib Bar Chart DocumentationOur Services
Casey, Halwig & Hartle Funeral Home is a full service funeral home offering traditional, cremation and pre-arrangement services to the greater Olean, NY community. We pledge to provide dignified, twenty-four hour professional service and to disclose all pricing information prior to the funeral. We will help you with all of the necessary details and you need not prepay to have your wishes recorded. We are proud of our tradition of trustworthy, sensitive local service. We invite you to compare our costs and to talk frankly with families we have served. Our record of service speaks for itself.Property Attributes
- MLS#6960500
- TypePending
- CountyGWINNETT
- CityLoganville
- Area65 - Gwinnett County
- NeighborhoodWillowwind
- Zip30052
- StyleCraftsman,Traditional
- Year Built1998
- Taxes$ 2753
- Price$ 370,000
- Bedrooms4
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms1
- Lot Size0.6 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Virtual Properties Realty.com
Data Source:
First Multiple Listing Services (FMLS) - 168 - GA
Property Description
Master on main in the Archer School District! This home features an updated covered front porch with stacked stone columns that leads into the foyer area, which is adorned with a stunning open staircase that leads up to a generous loft area overlooking the spacious living room. The main living area boasts of an open floor plan with soaring vaulted ceilings and a cozy gas fireplace with a view to the kitchen and back-yard.Ubuntu Phones in Mobile World Congress
The most powerful Ubuntu phone is still not good enough
If DAC from ESS. Clad in an aluminum unibody shell and sporting an AMOLED display, it's as modern and good looking as any smartphone out here at Mobile World Congress. But it runs Ubuntu, and that makes it too much of an underdog.
Mobile World Congress starts today in Barcelona
", said a Softpedia statement..
- Login or register to post comments
Printer-friendly version
- 9(PRWEB) August 08, 2017
Jan Schaefer, a dedicated father and avid explorer of possibility in his writing, has completed his new book “2057”: a gripping story of the three-year journey into space endeavored by a group of premier astronauts while the rest of Earth’s population struggles to keep peace.
Published by New York City-based Page Publishing, Jan Schaefer’s exhilarating tale showcases the main leader of the group, Mike Griewing, as he strives to complete the mission despite unexpected setbacks and return to his family on Earth. Meanwhile, world peace becomes unstable at home, and the fight for survival goes beyond the battle against disease.
Readers who wish to experience this mesmerizing work can purchase“2057”.Adrian Lewis accomplished a rare televised perfect nine-dart finish at the 2015 PDC World Darts Championships this week. Even if you know nothing about darts, it's pretty cool!
Only 42 nine-darters have been televised in the past 30 years. His response at 0:55 is priceless. Despite the feat, Lewis still lost the series to Raymond van Barneveld, who moved on to the next round.Our aim is to see all families living in healthy homes and communities, prosperous, employed and contributing to the success of New Zealand. Our family-centric approach recognises that the best solutions to family challenges will come from Pacific families themselves. What we need to do is harness the power of Pacific networks, culture and communities.
From Invercargill to North Cape, Pasifika Futures will partner with contracted service providers, churches, community groups, sports clubs, and youth groups to support families.
Our role is to help families navigate their way from opportunity to empowerment to prosperity. This is explained in the diagram below:Offshore Consulting Services are tailored to meet the changing needs of our customers
without compromising the quality on low cost. Offshore consultants have the
ability to solve complex technology and business problems.
Our offshore software development team specializes in business-technology consulting,
custom application development, ecommerce consulting, application Integration and
system integration.
Offshore technical skill in the areas of ASP, ASP.net, C#, Angular, JQuery, Bootstrap, JavaScript, Python, Oracle MDM, ORACLE EBS, Oracle BI, MS SQL Server, MySQL, MS Access, Android and iphone apps , just to name a few, are provided. These technical skills are well supported by Business Analysts and QA professionals.
also offer 24/7 Oracle Apps, Oracle DBA, .NET, SQL Server support for our clients.As we said earlier, Windows Me is, at its heart, a modified version of Win98SE, and many of the steps above involve stripping away or reducing the impact of WinMe's bells and whistles to make it operate more like an unmodified copy of Win98SE. In that vein, if, after all the above, you're still not happy with the performance of WinMe, there is one final, extreme step you can take:
Delete WinMe, and install a normal copy of Win98SE. That's what I just did with the brand-new Me-equipped 1.2GHz system described at the start of this article. I tried all the steps above, and while they did help, the system still did not feel (or benchmark) as fast as I thought it should.
So, I pulled a switcheroo: I installed my older machine's copy of Win98SE on the 1.2GHz box and then (to be legal
I then ran tests on the older system
I have to conclude that WinMe is a usable but unspectacular OS. I can see its appeal for novices and others who aren't particularly sensitive to performance and don't want to be "bothered" with system maintenance.
But for those who want the most from their hardware and who find sluggishness to be the real bother when using a PC, I think WinMe is a poor choice.
If you're stuck with WinMe, steps one through nine, above, may help you unlock its Win98-like characteristics. But if you have a choice, I suggest you either avoid WinMe altogetherThe article below was originally written by Bud Berg and published in the Apri, 1962 Gazette. Bill Butler updated the article in 1968 when Oklahoma Region celebrated its 20th year.
CLUB HISTORY-1948 Through 1968
There are so many stories about the early activities in the Oklahoma Region that it is much like “Sam’s Almanac”, it’s hard to separate fiction and fact. The Oklahoma Region came into being in 1948 when Ray Utter of Shawnee, Oklahoma, heard about an eastern automobile club known as the Sports Car Club of America. Ray, having a very deep interest in cars, had a large collection of antique cars and one of the few sports cars then in the southwest, wrote the SCCA and in due course of time became a member. He was authorized to form the Oklahoma Region. Being the only member, he elected himself Regional Executive. Talk about rigged elections! The geography assigned to the Oklahoma Region included not only Oklahoma but Colorado, New Mexico, and portions of Texas and Arkansas as well..
This situation, one member and half the southwest, continued till early in 1950 when Dr. D.S. Harris of Yukon, the proud owner of a Crosley Hotshot, drove to Oklahoma City to get Paul Chapman to go to Shawnee to see Ray Utter’s collection of cars. They went in Paul’s MG TC. And when Ray Utter saw this he went to work. Membership in the Oklahoma Region Tripled. When Harris and Chapman returned to Oklahoma City, they called Pete Young and the Region gained another member. Not a bad percentage increase in membership for one day.
The Oklahoma Region SCCA was incorporated under the laws of Oklahoma in 1954 and the official and legal name became “The Oklahoma Region, Sports Car Club of America, Incorporated.” Pete Young was the Regional Executive at the time. From time to time a person comes along with an unusual amount of ability, enthusiasm, personality and a willingness to work. Such a person was A.W. ‘Bud’ Berg. Bud became a member of the Region in 1954 and from the records it appears this was one of the turning points in the Region from the standpoint of activities and membership growth.
Bud served the Region and the Club in many capacities, eventually being among the first to be designated as an ‘Executive Chief Steward.’ He also contributed to the design of the original Oklahoma Region emblem. Our current emblem was adopted in 1962 and the new design by Bill Roberts carried on the original concept in a more durable form.
During the next few years the ‘Picnic Rally’ came in. Everyone brought picnic food and beverages and somewhere along the route all contestants and workers spread their lunches together. There was also the Gimmick Rallye and Gymkhana. These events were designed to produce a more social atmosphere and still provide a basis of competition. I am not campaigning, merely relating, for these activities did accomplish the desired result.
Another type of ‘thing’ that was popular was a ‘Caravan Tour.’ No timetable or check points, only an agreed route through a pretty part of the state. Sometimes, just a Sunday trip and other times a weekend trip. Some would camp out and others would ‘rough it’ in a motel nearby. David Dooley’s comments at our March business meeting on sleeping bags reminded me of this.
Tommy Allen was and is quite an entreprenuer, coming up with such goodies on a rallye where, at the last minute a worker comes by and with black show-card paint and obliterates your odometer, leaving only the indicated speed visible around the edge. On one rallye an average speed was shown at 5.0 mph. On questioning by contestants, Tommy replied, “I doubt if you can drive this leg that fast.” He was right. That leg was 0.2 miles long and you were in reverse, crossing an earthen dam about three feet wider than your car. Since this was the end of the rallye and a group of ladies from a local church served a beautiful fried chicken dinner, in a nice shaded private picnic area, Tommy came out with no bruises. Good strategy.
This series would not be complete without mention of the “Rallye Sallye” group. This was the ladies’ auxiliary of the Oklahoma Region and was organized in December, 1958 for the purpose of promoting social activities and supporting Regional activities by working any type of event. The girls really worked, too. In February, 1959, they put on a “Tacky Party” at “The Hut” in Jones, Oklahoma. Mercedes Allen won a prize for the tackiest woman and Art Ainsworth won the men’s prize. Incidentally, the total expense for the party , food, decorations, hall rent, and prizes was $47.69. Thirty people attended and it was a real party with everyone pitching in on the work. The girls planned four parties a year.
Anything that had to be done, the girls were ready. The Region Race flags were shot so the girls got together with their sewing machines at Nola Joseph’s house and made a complete set of flags- Chief Steward, Starter, Corner Crews- the whole bit.
The girls held their separate meetings for about one year and decided they could accomplish more by sitting in on the regular business meetings. They were not supposed to have a voice in the Region’s affairs--- but--- you can see now how that went, bless their hearts.
With the girls sitting in on regular meetings, it was decided to abandon the “Rallye Sal- lye” organization but carry on the activities from the Region’s treasury. The female of the species is tough to outsmart.
Some of the charter members were Mercedes Allen, Mary Berg, Mary “the nut” Henderson, Sue Herndon, Margaret Lewis, and Mary Elizabeth Vahlberg. Mary Berg moved to Dallas, “the nut” to Lawton, and Sue Herndon to Houston.
Now that the “Spouse” can be a member at half price, we have lots of gals and the Region has prospered by it in many ways.
Detailed records of the first rally sponsored by the Oklahoma Region have long since disappeared; however, it was in 1950 and there were five, possibly six, cars entered. This being the first rally, the participants were very serious about it and insisted the timers be very accurate as the scoring was to be to THE NEAREST MINUTE.
The most famous rally of that era was the “Red Pegasso Rally” which wasn’t a rally at all but a hoax. It seems that during the summer of 1952, “Doc” Harris, the R.E., was informed the Oklahoma Region was to participate in a national rally by manning a check point. A group of workers were selected and drilled and trained to perfection. The day of the check point operation, “Doc” received a wire from Rally Headquarters that since there were no entries from this far west this part of the route was canceled. Quite a group had gathered early at the Boyer Courts and a pretty good party was in progress and to hold the bunch together, “Doe” bribed Western Union to send a dummy telegram: “3:30 Pd., Amarillo, Texas, 5:30 - Secretary, Oklahoma Region SCCA, Boyer Courts, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. ETA Oklahoma Checkpoint 9:00 p.m. in a red Pegasso”, signed Phil Hill. This wire was delivered to John Spurgin and when the announcement was made, every sports car buff in the country was notified. When the appointed arrival time was long passed, “Doc” made up some flimsy excuse and ducked out with his wife. Some of the members decided they would never see a real live Pegasso or Phil Hill either but the end result was a real good party anyway. Sometime later the truth came out when “Doc” confessed in a cowardly manner by a letter to the editor of Sports Car.
Paul Chapman, the holder of the first competition license in Oklahoma, No. 567, tells of the first race put on by the Oklahoma Region. It was held at Goldsby, an emergency airstrip south of Norman in 1952 and was won by a Texan named Carroll Shelby driving his first race and in a borrowed MG.
Doing some research on our membership, we found the oldest (in membership) member to be C.S. Trosper, a life member, joined March 26, 1951. C.S. now lives in Colorado Springs.
Other older, currently active members are:
Wiley Hunt, January 24, 1955
Tommy Allen, April 9, 1956
Rick Kelly a life member, July 24, 1956
Jerry Henderson, now in Lawton, February 18,1957
Joan C. Kenney, now in Michigan, April 26, 1957
Dick Workman, April 11,1958
Bob Vahlberg, September 2, 1958
Bill Butler, June 22, 1959
C. A. Leslie, Jr,Sept. 3, 1959.
The Following Is A List Of Our Regional Executives
1950—51 — John Ray Utter
1952—53 — Dr. D. S. Harris
1954 — Pete Young
1955 — Bob Hecker
1956 — Louie Carrol
1957—58 — Bud Berg
1959 — Ray Herndon
1960 — Bob Vahlberg
1961 — Dick Workman
1962 — Bill Butler
1963 — David Wood
1964 — Bill Watson
1965 — George England
1966—67 — Dan Craig
1968 — Glenn LeonardAlberta Campgrounds | What To Consider When Taking Pets Camping
Since pets are more family members than ever before, more people are bringing them camping when they go to Alberta campgrounds. However, there are several things they need to keep in mind to help make the experience an enjoyable one for the pet. and also for the campers that are camping around people with pets.
One of the first things that people can do once they get to Alberta campgrounds, is talk to their neighbors, and let them know that there is an animal camping with them. That can help people mind their noise levels, as to do not scare the animal. And be mindful about not cutting through the campsite, or walking into US unannounced.
It also can help prepare people in case they see an animal off-leash if the leash breaks for example. And it can also help prepare people to ask their neighbors not to approach their animal. Because as friendly as their pet might be. In an unfamiliar environment, they may not react kindly to strangers confronting them.
however, the best things that they can do to prepare their pet for a trip into Alberta campgrounds. Is what they’re going to do before they leave. The first thing that they should do before they leave is to get the proper medical care for their pets before leaving. This is to ensure that their vaccinations are up-to-date. Because there are many illnesses that they could catch from the wildlife such as rabies. Or other animals such as parvo.
Not only should they get their shots up-to-date, but they also should get a flea and tick treatment. One treatment at the beginning of camping season. And their pet is protected all season long. Nobody wants to bring home any unwanted visitors when they come home from camping. And since several ticks are known to carry Lyme disease. They also should get the tick treatments, to avoid their animal getting sick.
Also, it’s important that they get a clean bill of health from the veterinarian before they go camping. This way, if when they get out to Alberta campgrounds with their pets. And the pet starts sneezing, itching, or displaying watery eyes and a runny nose. They can call those symptoms into the veterinarian. And they can rule out that it’s from a pre-existing condition.
Since most pets nowadays are primarily indoor animals. And even if they take walks outside. They don’t spend the majority of their time in the wilderness. When they go to Alberta campgrounds, and spend the entire day outside. Some animals can get an allergic reaction. I getting a clean bill of health before they go. Can help ensure that if they start displaying allergy symptoms. It’s not part of a larger health problem.
By keeping these tips in mind, people can ensure that they as well as their pets have a wonderful time camping in Alberta campgrounds. And come back for the entire summer, and spend their holiday in the best scenery in the province.
Alberta Campgrounds | Advice When Taking Pets Camping
More pets than ever before are coming with their family when they go to Alberta campgrounds. This means there are more animals in campgrounds than ever before. And to ensure that everybody can coexist and Camp peacefully. There are lots of things that people should keep in mind.
One of the most important things that they need to do, is keep their animal properly contained at all times. This means while in the campsite, they’re animals Need to be on a lead at all times. This is to prevent the animal from going into other campsites, or wandering onto the road.
When people are putting their dog on a lead, they need to ensure that it is going to allow them to get to their water and food. As well as get to all of the most important people that they might want to have access to. But no farther than that.
Another tip for keeping their pet restrained, is that while they are off having an Excursion, whether it’s fishing in a boat, or going hiking in some Trails. They must not leave their animal tied up and alone. Not only could they very easily get hurt by other animals. but if they hurt themselves trying to get free of the lead. Or if they get off the lead and run away. It could lead to disastrous results.
Therefore, while their pet should be tied up while in Alberta campgrounds at all times. People should also make plans to bring their pet with them anytime they leave. So the animal is not tied up all alone. The point of bringing their pet camping. Should be to spend time and bond with them.
People should also ensure that they have another lead that they can puts their animal on in case one breaks. By having a second one, people can ensure that they are always prepared. And they should all have a leash that they can walk the animal on as well. This is so that if they go walking around Alberta campgrounds, or hiking on some of the trails. The animals can come with them, and still be restrained for their own protection.
Bigger animals will enjoy all of the exercise that they gets. But smaller animals like small dogs and cats may have a harder time doing every single activity with their owner. And for these smaller animals, pet owners should think about getting a knapsack that is designed to hold their pet.
This way, when their pet gets tired of exploring Alberta campgrounds with them. They can put them in the safe knapsack, and continue the adventure and the bonding experience with their furry family member. By doing this, pet owners can ensure that they are not tempted to leave their smaller pets in the campsite alone. As they go exploring.
By keeping these things in mind, people can have a great time with their pets. And ensure that their pets have a great time bonding with their favorite people as well.Abstract
Environmental threats have faced humanity for as long as we have been on this Earth. At the start of the previous century, industrialization was what worried most environmentalists, as climate change is what keeps these minds busy today. Though these ecological problems are analysed by biologists, physicists, mathematicians, and others ... read moreWhenever she passed by a Women of all ages's apparel shop she felt like going to see it, browsing there like any other girl would. A complete slut which will host & luvs to party & be us I am trim smootg kinky & quick heading. Luv into a dominaint
1Last Friday I traveled to Pittsburgh to hang with Jeff Leake, Lance Stoddart and Peter Almqvist. We spent the day dreaming about creating a church planting movement. It was really a follow up to this meeting.
It was the kind of meeting I love. Within the first hour we had a plan to run with. Nothing had to be forced. It was just the right guys in the right place at the right time. When God planted the dream for Origin (our church's church planting ministry) in me last year I had no idea where He might take it. Looks now like it's going to expand through some of these relationships.
The picture above is with Peter in the Pittsburgh airport. We were on the same return flight. That's when things got crazy. We sat on the runway for over an hour and later circled Philly for another 30 minutes because we couldn't get clearance to land. We both missed our connecting flights. I couldn't get another flight to Detroit until Saturday.
Long story short...usually I drive to Pittsburgh. That takes 5 hours. Since this trip was going to be less than 24 hours I decided to fly and save a little time. When it was all said and done, it took me 20 hours just to get from Pittsburgh to Detroit. is the result of a comprehensive examination of the state budget, during which we discovered taxpayer dollars stowed away and sitting idle in special government accounts with high, unused balances. Some of the 218 accounts we inspected are dormant and have not been drawn down in recent years. Tapping these accounts is not a new concept.. Bonus Available to Persian Gulf Conflict Veterans Veterans who served on active duty in the Persian Gulf Theater of Operations, including Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm, are reminded qualify,, and received the Southwest Asia Service Medal. • Been a legal resident of Pennsylvania at the time of active duty service. •. Check your bank and credit card statements frequently to watch for fraudulent activity and report any unfamiliar activity immediately. Read more three planes hijacked that day crashed. More information about the Flight 93 Memorial and planned observancesOct 22
2014
Health IT Infographic: Evolution of the Electronic Health Record
I’m a huge fan of infographics. I think they provide simple and very easy to understand explanations of often difficult to comprehend subjects, like health IT. The following health IT infographic shows the evolution of the electronic health record since 2009 when they really started to gain attention. One of the things I particularly like about this image is that it defines the difference between EMRs and EHRs, something that is often confused, which is a huge pet peeve of mine.
What’s somewhat interesting about the information here, too, is that large, teaching hospitals utilize EHRs more than other organizations. Ironically, in the past, it’s been reported and much discussed that teaching hospitals don’t actually spend much time teaching student how the use the electronic health records.
Also, the bigger the practice, the more likely they are to have an EHR. This suggests that size does matter.
There’s some other good info buried in the following piece. Take a look; I look forward to your feedback.This holiday season, our appreciation for you, our supporters, is deeper than ever.
For over a year and a half now, the country, the world, and critically, people experiencing or at risk of homelessness have existed in a state of constant risk and uncertainty unlike anything most of us had ever experienced. Throughout it, however, our supporters have selflessly remained committed, investing of themselves, their time, their energy and their resources. Knowing that we at the Alliance have the lasting partnership of people who are as equally as committed to ending homelessness as we are makes our work possible, and makes everything we do even more rewarding.
We are also so grateful to know that even now, as many of us move back toward a more “normal” state of affairs, our friends and partners understand the continued importance of advocating on behalf of people experiencing homelessness.
The last two years have underscored what we here have long known: Home is absolutely critical. It is the foundation for being safe, healthy, and productive.
Yet, more than 580,000 people remain homeless, with many of them sleeping outdoors. Many are minors, families with small children, people with disabilities, or veterans. And each one of them deserves a safe, stable place to call home.
We hold firm to our hope that one day soon they will each be housed and will have access to the critical support services they may need. We have spent another year working hard to turn that hope into reality, to protect the most vulnerable people during a global pandemic and increased social upheaval, and to decrease the overall number of people who have to experience homelessness. By engaging in targeted research, supporting effective policies, and promoting policy solutions that work, the Alliance has helped to secure billions of dollars in federal resources in support of people presently or near experiencing homelessness. We have helped communities across the country leverage those resources efficiently, in advance of our shared goal to prevent and end homelessness.
The current state of things may seem grim at times, but change is happening, and more is on the horizon. None of it would be possible without your help.
From all of us here at the Alliance: We wish you and your loved ones a Happy Thanksgiving!By Alastair Culham
In 2014 I introduced the food of the gods, Theobroma cacao, as the source of chocolate, that staple of Christmas excess, in the 16th Advent Botany post. Today, in the second for 2019, I explore Theobromine, perhaps the best known chemical compound in chocolate, and one of the many chemicals that make it so popular.
Theobromine, is a xanthene alkaloid like caffeine, and is formed during the metabolic breakdown of caffeine as well as ocurring naturally in cocoa and some other plants. It reduces sleepiness by blocking adenosine receptors, it dilates blood vessels and relaxes smooth muscle tissue in the lungs. The effects are long-lasting with a half life of around three hours in humans and it has been shown to have a mood improving effect. This contrasts with 5-6 hours half life for caffeine.
Ball and stick models of Caffeine (left) and Theobromine (right). Carbon = black; Nitrogen = blue; Oxygen = red; hydrogen = white.
Theobromine can be toxic in high concentrations (Finlay & Guiton, 2005) but the LD50 (median lethal dose) is around 0.5-1 gram per kilo of body weight so a 70 kg (11 stone) adult would need to eat 35-70g of Theobromine (ca 10kg of dark chocolate) to be fatal.
Before that, the vomiting and diarrhoea of Theobromine toxicity would have cut in. This is conjecture, of course, as the estimates are based on experiments with rats. Human experiments have not been conducted. I could find no reported case of death by chocolate in humans. In cats and dogs the lethal dose is lower (ca 0.3g Theobromine per kg body weight) and they metabolise the theobromine more slowly (a half life of 18 hours has been reported) so 2 kg of chocolate could deliver the fatal dose to a small dog. Again, the symptoms of the toxicity are likely to clear the chocolate from the system before that point is reached.
So, please enjoy your chocolate sweets over the Christmas period but don’t over-eat!
References
Anon Does Chocolate contain drugs? — Molecules found in Chocolate, The Science of Cooking (Accessed 31st November 2019)
Finlay, F., & Guiton, S. (2005). Chocolate poisoning. BMJ : British Medical Journal, 331(7517), 633.I have always been a fan of Joseph Campbell, one of America’s most important thinkers and a prolific writer who has influenced generations with his philosophy. His ideas of the hero struck a chord after I read The Hero with a Thousand Faces and I could see them represented in many of my favorite movies, television shows, books, and fairy tales.
No matter how strong the hero is, however, he or she is given help, usually in the form of some protective figure like the fairy godmother in many fairy tales. In addition to providing the hero with guidance and help, the protective figure often gives the hero a very powerful tool, the amulet or the elixir.
Examples of this abound in fiction, but they exist in real life as well. On April 15th, after the tragedy in Boston, NBC Sports reported that runners donated blood. They ran another 2 miles to the nearest hospital (on top of the 26 miles of the marathon) to provide this life-saving elixir to their friends and neighbors. Their selfless actions will help those injured to recover. To me, the runners exemplify the protective figures that every hero needs in his/her life.Friends of Fido assures transport for pound pups that are in need of rescue and medical support.
Vet visits, medical emergencies, transport to rescue and training transports are some of the ways Friends of Fido help to get the dogs where they need to go, as quickly and efficiently as possible.
Gas cards, donations and volunteers for these transports are ALWAYS welcome and greatly appreciated.Interventional physiatry: multidimensional approach to chronic pain
The physiatrist is increasingly considered and appreciated as a qualified physician and expert in the treatment of patients with chronic pain of the musculoskeletal system.
Many therapeutic choices are now available to the physiatrist, including some minimally invasive techniques that have an antalgic purpose, such as facet joint blockade and neuromodulation of the medial branch of the spinal nerve, percutaneous vertebroplasty, hip viscosupplementation and neurolysis of the coxofemoral joint and geniculate nerves at the knee.Download Now Download Now.Browse privately and anonymously with AVG Secure VPN.Choose your location to unlock apps, content and websites which are geo-restricted.Our private encryption VPN 'tunnel' 'tunnel'.Unlimited and fast proxy VPN from AVG.Pricing* 7-day free trial followed by yearly subscription* Cancel your subscription anytime via payments.google.comBy installing/updating this app, you agree that your use of it is governed by these terms: Price USD 0 License Free Version 1.4.1884 Operating System Android System Requirements None Download Now Download NowCareer Center
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Cincinnati, Ohio
Portland, Oregon
St. Louis, Missouri
PHOENIX METRO, Arizona
Camden, South Carolina
Columbia, South Carolina
Chicago, Illinois
Camden, South Carolina
Florence, South Carolina
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Minneapolis, Minnesota
Chicago, Illinois
Ann Arbor, Michigan
Posted: 16-Nov-21
Location: Stockton, California
Type: Full Time
Preferred Education: NP
Salary: Open
Internal Number: 40308 A DHMG-<<QUESTIONS & ANSWERS
Have a Question?
Be the first to ask a question about this.
Description
HTC U11 Volume Button Repair
It's too loud. It's too quiet. Can you even control your volume at all? The HTC U11 has great build quality and design, but it isn't invincible. Since a broken device is just sad, it's a good idea to bring it to iFixYouri for expert Volume Button Repair.
iFixYouri is here to solve your problem with Volume Button.
All replacement parts come with a 90-day warranty that covers all but accidental damage..More than 150 Chester County Democrats warmly applauded speeches by four candidates for the U.S. Senate at a Senate Spotlight Soiree–U.S. Rep. Conor Lamb, Dr. Val Arkoosh, state Rep. Malcolm Kenyatta, and Lt. Gov. John Fetterman.
Chesco Dems Chairwoman Charlotte Valyo also spoke at the fundraising event at the Desmond Hotel in East Whiteland Township, urging the party faithful to support the local candidates running in the upcoming local and county elections in November and to make sure they bring their Democratic-leaning friends to the polls as well.
“Some people say success came to this county very quickly (in 2017), but I say success came to this county after many, many years of Democrats who were outnumbered but not deterred,” she said.
U.S. Rep. Chrissy Houlahan (D-Chester) urged the group to unite after the primary. She said that while she did not want to be an “Eeyore,” it will not be easy to win the Senate seat and there are “huge opportunities to mess this up.” Also, it is possible the Republican gubernatorial candidate could hail from Chester County, she said.
“We must unify because, believe me, if I can tell you one thing coming from Washington, the Republican Party, they are fired up. There’s energy like we haven’t seen in the Republican Party in a few years,” Houlahan said. “And they are particularly fired up here in Chester County.”
Incumbent Republican U.S. Sen. Pat Toomey is not seeking re-election.
As might be expected, all four of the candidates took shots at the GOP and not each other.
Lamb (D-Alleghany, Butler, Beaver) decried efforts by the state Senate to audit the 2020 election, saying it is “attacking our elections.”
“This is a full-scale attack on our voting system,” he said.
“Democracy was born here,” he said. “It was born as much in the coal mines as the Constitution. It was developed as much by the working men and women of our state as by the Founding Fathers. And so to be a Pennsylvania Democrat is to be not just for the right to vote, but the right to organize and bargain, the right not only to have a say in your government but in your workplace…To us political and economic democracy are inseparable.”
He said his grandfather, who voted for FDR, told him people want to feel their representatives “walk on their side of the street, like the good Samaritan. They don’t pass them by on the other side,” Lamb said. “What we’re basically about is people showing up for each other…No matter who you are, no matter where you live, no matter what you believe in or where you came from when you need somebody, Democracy to us means somebody showing up for you. And it’s the feeling you’re going to want to show up for somebody else.”
Arkoosh, chair of the Montgomery County Board of Commissioners, said that she’s running because, “in Washington when some people see a problem, instead of fixing it, they actually make it worse.” She cited issues such as minimum wage, the cost of childcare, abortion, and climate change, saying, “I have been a problem solver my whole life.”
She described her work as a physician, helping craft the Affordable Care Act — also known as “Obamacare.” As a county commissioner, she worked on the COVID-19 pandemic response as well.
“We’re considered the most likely seat to flip,” she said of the Pennsylvania Senate seat. President Joe Biden won last November because, “people like you did the hard work,” she said. She promised to raise the federal minimum wage, lower the cost of insulin, fix infrastructure and make sure every area has broadband internet access, and also “tackle systemic racism.”
“I have one other ace in the hole, which is I’m a mom to three kids. And so when those Trump Republicans start having their temper tantrums, I got this,” Arkoosh said.
Kenyatta had the audience on its feet, applauding and whistling in response to his remarks. He acknowledged the elephant in the room, whether he, as someone who is Black, gay, and from North Philadelphia can win a statewide election.
“This is a moment where we need to be very clear-eyed about who our nominee is going to be,” said Kenyatta. “We need to interrogate this idea of who is a safe nominee…We have 25 percent of my Republican colleagues who live full-time on Fantasy Island, that is their permanent address. We have 75 percent of folks who used to visit occasionally. But now they feel like they have to take up residence because they feel that is the only way to win a Republican primary.
“We have to be crystal clear about what we’re up against,” Kenyatta said. “They understand that if we secure the mechanisms by which people can engage in their democracy, the most powerful tool is the vote.”
“They want to shut you up,” Kenyatta said. “But Democrats aren’t going to shut up. We’re not going to be quiet about the issues that are facing Pennsylvania families.”
Turnout is key, he said, and primary voters should decide who can inspire Democrats to come to the polls.
“We can’t say we are a party that cares about racial justice, economic justice, and getting more women elected to office…and then not nominate candidates who come from that background,” Kenyatta said. “We can’t wrap ourselves in a pride flag in June and then not nominate LBGQ candidates.”
The final speaker was Lt. Gov. Fetterman who said the Republicans’ election audit could create “the largest identity theft catastrophe in Pennsylvania history.”
“It’s all just some sad performance art in order for them to jump through as many hoops as Donald Trump wants them to do. They’re setting the table for 2024.”
Fetterman also targetted Toomey, calling him “a gifted political operative. He has managed to be reviled by both the left and the right. You have to work at that. Any one of the Democrats running for this seat is so much better than Pat Toomey that the difference cannot be effectively be measured by current science. But winning is important, too. And I’m proud to say, I’ve already won statewide.”
Fetterman encouraged the crowd to be bold in choosing their nominee, and not to compromise.
“Who in this room holds Joe Manchin up as their kind of Democrat?” Fetterman asked.
“If we don’t get done what we need to get done now, when?” asked Fetterman. “Can you live on $7.25 an hour? Do you believe our right to vote is fundamental? Do you believe in women’s reproductive freedoms? I thought we settled that 50 years ago. Do you believe in ending the war on drugs? Legal weed, what a concept.
“Right now we’re not doing enough things because we haven’t scrapped the filibuster and we have to get that done. Because if we don’t do it now, when?
“At the end of the day we need to accomplish these things as a party or we’re going to fail as a party and we’re going to have another term of, potentially, Donald Trump,” Fetterman said.It’s hot! When Mother Nature turns up the heat Port Huron is a great escape. Known as the Maritime Capital of the Great Lakes, Port Huron offers waterfront parks, beaches, a river walk and breathtaking views of Lake Huron on 7 miles of shoreline. We drive straight to the Thomas Edison Parkway, this is where the St. Clair River and Lake Huron meet, the iconic Blue Water Bridge provides a spectacular backdrop for photos as it connects the United States to Canada. We park the car and begin our walk toward the bridge; it’s a gorgeous, sunny day, a cool breeze blows in from the lake. Fishermen have baited their poles and locked them into place, a bell will signal them if there’s activity on the line, a net is kept close by in anticipation of catching a big one. We pass the lightship Huron, once a floating lighthouse, now a museum ship. Power boats wearing fancy paint jobs zip by at speed, there’s some pretty big ones out here today. The girls on the Jet Ski look like they’re having a blast.
Signs are posted here and there along the riverwalk filling us in on interesting facts about the area. Did you know Port Huron is located at the 43rd Parallel? That means when I am standing here I am actually closer to the Equator than I am the North Pole. Thomas Edison moved to Port Huron with his family when he was 7 in 1854, the St. Clair River is 39 miles long, oh, and the water that flows through the Great Lakes ends up in the Atlantic Ocean. You can also read about native fish, shipwrecks and sacred grounds. A Coast Guard boat is keeping an eye on all of the activity, a diver down flag bobbing on the river’s surface tells us a scuba diver is looking for sunken treasures below. A train moves slowly down the waterfront track, I bet it just came from the Domtar paper mill. The anchor is from the John S Martin which sank in 1900. A monument dedicated in remembrance of the Great Storm of 1913 stands on the other side of the train tracks; 19 ships and 250 lives were lost in the storm, an additional 50 ships were damaged. On the north end of the parkway is my favorite statue, the Blue Water Maiden, she was moved here in 2010 and greets all who travel the waterway.
The Midwest Sculpture Initiative (MSI) has put together a sculpture exhibition along the riverwalk for the last 3 years. Ken Thompson, an artist and sculptor himself, formed MSI to provide innovative exhibitions that feature outdoor sculpture throughout the midwest. Let’s take a look. I stand in one place and look out over the open-space gallery, bright colors, geometric shapes,rusty, shiny, large forms and goats fill my sight. In no particular order Kris and I traverse the landscape to see each piece. 6 metal forms are grouped together to form Old Orchard, I think they’re apple trees. Crescent Song has a coyote howling at the moon, I follow the sound of wind chimes to Madame Butterfly, look at all the butterflies gathered around her head, she looks happy.
Each sculpture has a plaque with the name of the piece, the name of the artist and the price, some names are obvious; Curves, Falling Pyramids, R&B. I like the colors of Red Green Construction, I totally follow the yellow bounce of bouncing ball. A close look at the goats reveals found objects integrated into the sculpture; chains, wrenches, a hood hinge, what do you see? Icarus is a complex piece, a figure hangs by delicate fingers from a bar, unattached wings to the sides, the expression somber. There’s a horse on a rainbow and a whimsical figure named Daphne who has a tree growing from the top of her head, I bet the kids love to play on the Morning Glory Whisper Bench II. If you like sculpture be sure to check out MSI’s website to see other exhibitions in the midwest. If you’re looking for more Michigan art, check out the MI Amazing Art Tour app, available for iPhone and android.
We’re having lunch downtown at the Port Huron Office Center building. Rix’s Roof Top restaurant owned and operated by a local family, is located on the 6th floor, this is actually the old Fog Cutter space, ring a bell? The elevator takes us to the top floor, the dining room is surrounded in glass, chandeliers of electric candles glow dimly, ceiling panels are black, the floor is dark, the decor is the panoramic view outside the windows. We’ve arrived during Happy Hour, well drinks are just $2. When the cocktails arrive we place our order, we watch freighters pass while eating warm bread slathered in butter. The burger and steak bites arrive together as we requested, the food is good; steak bites are tender, burger is prepared well. The service was great and the view unbeatable.
The Exquisite Corpse Coffee House opened in 2012, last December new owners Maggie and Nathaniel took over and have really made the place their own. The space is beautiful, warm, welcoming, the coffee is excellent; they have added baked goods, light sandwiches and bagels to the menu. Art is still in the front part of the space, works are by local artists, a counter in the front window allows patrons a glimpse of the goings-on outside. Choose a seat at the large community table or relax in a comfy chair, play one of the many available board games with friends.
There’s always something going on in the coffee shop these days; ballroom dancing lessons, yoga, magic shows, music and hypnosis demonstrations. We’re here for the coffee and the company. We drink our cold brews as we catch up on the latest Port Huron news; they’re making progress on the new City Flats hotel, new businesses are coming soon, Boat Night is July 13, the Port Huron to Mackinac Race is July 14, the International Boat Show is September 14-15. We prefer coming on just an ordinary day, the water is always blue, the breeze is cool, the food is good and the people are friendly.I am joining Dave Buehring’s Hana Hou Christian Heritage Tour on the Big Island from Saturday, February 13-16, 2016. I will be an interpretive guide for the visitors from the Mainland coming to Hawai‘i to visit key sites in the life of Opukaha‘ia. Opukaha‘ia’s descendant Deborah Lee, who led in the return of Henry’s remains in 1993, will also being serving as interpretive guide on the tour.
Local residents are invited to join the tour. Go to for more information. Those accompanying the tour are asked to share in covering the costs for the joint meals being provided.
The tour schedule includes a visit to Hikiau Heiau on the shore of Kealakekua Bay and Henry’s grave site at the Kahikolu (Trinity) Church on Saturday, February 13.
On Sunday, February 14 the tour moves to the Mokuaikaua Church, home of Hawai‘i’s oldest existing Protestant church, and a look at the Plymouth Rock of Hawai‘i sign at the Kona Pier. I helped write the text of the new sign, posted to mark the 195th anniversary of the Mokuaikaua Church. Will be interesting to see the historic signage in person.
On Monday, February 15 we head to Punalu‘u Beach in Ka‘u to visit the chapel dedicated to Henry. His birthplace and childhood home were at Ninole, the land section on the south end of Punalu‘u Beach. Then the tour bus will travel north to Volcano National Park to revisit the site of early Native Hawaiian Christian and alibi Kapiolani’s defiance of the goddess Pele in the 1820s.
Tuesday, February 16 the tour ends at Haili Church in downtown Hilo. Here I will join Deborah Lee at her family’s home church when we join a panel discussion on the impact of the American Protestant Mission in Hawai‘i. The roots of the Haili Church go back to Hawai‘i’s Great Awakening in the late 1830s. The Rev. Titus Coan from Connecticut led the Sandwich Islands Mission station in those days. Native Hawaiian became Christians by the hundreds and thousands in the late 1830s, and the Hilo congregation grew to about 12,000; the church was declared to have the largest congregation in the entire Protestant world.Join the Team
Interested in joining our team at Aegis Security Support?
From door supervision and event safeguarding to corporate and CCTV security services, Aegis Security deploy a wide range of trained and experienced security personnel and we are always looking for reliable security professionals to join our team here on the South Coast.
Aegis Security Support are now responsible for the security at nearly every pub, bar and night club in the Bournemouth area and we are rapidly expanding into static and on site contracts. Our growing remit means that our recruitment is a continual process and, even with the reduced venue capacities caused by the coronavirus crisis, we are one of the largest security employers on the south coast.
Think you have what it takes to join our team here at Aegis Security Support? If you are experienced and looking for work or new to the game and want to start your career in the security industry, please don’t hesitate to get in touch with us about potential job opportunities.
Contact us on 07702 903335 or complete our enquiry form below; we guarantee to respond to every applicant.
Please drop us a message to enquire about potential job opportunities at Aegis Security SupportThe process of qualifying for Medicaid to help pay for nursing home care can be stressful, especially when a denial notice is involved. Fortunately, this isn’t the end of the process. Several options still exist once a Medicaid applicant receives notice of an adverse action.
The first option is to simply reapply for benefits. This is ideal when the denial was based on a missed deadline. Medicaid caseworkers must review eligibility of the applicant during the previous three (3) months. For example:
Applicant files for Medicaid assistance on February 10 with a targeted eligibility date of February 1. On March 3, a denial notice is received along with an explanation that a bank statement was not submitted on time. The applicant may simply re-file the application on March 3. The caseworker will check eligibility not only for March 1, but for February 1 and January 1 as well. As long as the applicant met the eligibility standards on February 1, the case should be approved as of that date.
Using the example above, let’s assume that a second denial notice was received on May 7. The three-month look back period has passed. The applicant must appeal the decision within thirty-three (33) calendar days of the date of the computer-generated denial notice. An Administrative Law Judge (ALJ), employed by the Division of Family Resources (DFR), will preside over the fair hearing. The parties of the hearing are the person appealing (appellant) and the DFR office. The appellant has the right to be represented by an attorney, paralegal or even a lay representative. The DFR can be represented by an attorney, but it’s usually only represented by an appeals representative. The hearing itself is informal, despite the set format. The DFR presents its evidence first, through testimony and documents. The appellant has the right to cross examine any witnesses. The appellant’s case is then presented through documents and testimony. Each side can then make a closing argument. The ALJ will take the case under advisement. A written decision is always issued.
If the ALJ agrees with the DFR and upholds the original denial, the appellant may request an Agency Review, where the facts are reviewed by a designee of the DFR. The request for Agency Review must be in writing and filed within ten (10) days following the receipt of the fair hearing appeal decision. Oral arguments are not allowed in an Agency Review. A memorandum of law can be filed within twenty (20) days of the date when the ALJ decision was received. The memorandum should contain the legal argument and should serve to persuade the reader that the appellant is a real human being who needs relief. Additional evidence cannot be submitted during this stage. A written decision will be issued.
In cases where the Agency Review results in a denial, the appellant can pursue the issue by means of a Judicial Review. In order to continue the appeals process, the appellant would be best served by contacting an attorney with experience in the Medicaid appeals process as soon as possible since a petition must be filed in court within thirty (30) days of receipt of the Agency Review decision.Convicted spy Jonathan Pollard was taken back to prison after being released from the hospital where he was admitted into several days ago following deterioration in his health. Following his release, Pollard held a short phone conversation with his wife Esther Pollard. According to her, Pollard sounded very weak and had some trouble speaking.
Pollard's wife informed him of President Shimon Peres' request from the White House to grant him clemency. "He asked me to personally thank the president and ask him not to give up," she said. (Aviel Magnezi)Everyone’s an analyst: give users the power to make sense of their own data
You either love it or hate it, but data is here to stay. If it scares you, you can try to ignore it. If it comforts you, you probably want to crunch it. But the fact is: these days, every single action generates data. Just think about a random day in your life: your GPS route when driving to work, paying at the grocery store, the number of products you’ve sold at work, and so on. There is so much valuable information hiding in that data, which helps make our lives much easier. Whether it’s finding the fastest route to work, keeping an eye on your personal finances, or understanding what enabled you to sell so many products!
For a long time, BI specialists, data scientists and other data experts were the answer to making sense of all that data. But today, everyone wants to be data-savvy, and find new insights without needing a PhD in data science. Luckily, new emerging tools are opening up ‘citizen data science’: a way for anyone to make sense of their own data.
What is a citizen data scientist?
Citizen data scientists are on the rise. But what are they exactly? As Gartner puts it:
In other words, this is someone who has no background in data science or programming. However, they have a strong business background, and combine that expertise with user-friendly technologies to make sense of their data and take smart business decisions.
These business users are widespread across any organization, with some of the most common roles being:
- Sales & marketing;
- Customer service;
- Human Resources;
- Operations & Logistics;
- Project/product management;
- Finance, accounting or administration;
However, the ability to turn data into insights yourself isn’t only of value in a business context. Also individual consumers rely on data to make better decisions in their private lives.
What insights are data consumers looking for?
The main reason data consumers are looking to access data insights is to become smarter. Data can help them figure out what their ‘next best action’ is, which makes their lives easier.
But which insights are they looking for specifically? Let’s illustrate a couple of common use cases for citizen data scientists:
- E-commerce/retail: Think of a salesperson analyzing sales volumes on their webshop, or a marketer wants to understand how users buy on their website. Both teams can use that website usage data to optimize which products they will put in promotion, and where to promote them on their website.
- Logistics: Think of a logistics planner who plans the delivery of packages. He’ll want to give his truck driver the shortest & fastest route for delivery, and load packages with the same destination area on the same truck. A big-picture data overview can help them optimize the logistics process, save money and make life easier on their truckers!
- Digital Marketing: A marketer wants to analyze the results of their digital campaigns and website data to understand which messages or channels are most efficient within their go-to-market strategy.
- Consumers: And it goes further than only business. Individual consumers may want to keep track of their personal financials to spend & save money more effectively, or monitor their medication intake through remote patient caring systems. It can go as far as optimizing your car usage for less CO2 etc,… By giving consumers the ability to analyze their data at any given moment, they make better choices.
These are just a couple of scenarios where business users and consumers are taking matters into their own hands, and making their data actionable without the help of a data scientist.
So, more people want to analyze data themselves…
I can hear you thinking: “Why make it difficult? Just ask a data scientist or data expert to give them the right insights.”
Well, there are multiple reasons why data consumers are taking over the steering wheel:
- Business people need data in their day-to-day operations. In many business roles, performance is measured through KPIs, and more and more business decisions are made based on what their data tells them. They heavily rely on their data to take the next step and find the road to business success.
- There’s a shortage of data scientists. Simply put, there aren’t enough data scientists to keep up with the demand for insights. Besides, with the amount of data growing every day, data scientists are indispensable for more complex analytical tasks, like data modelling, preparation, AI and ML algorithms. This leaves less time to tackle business analysis questions. And simply, given the shortage, business analysis would be a suboptimal use of their time.
- Technology finally allows them to take control. Before, business users simply couldn’t analyze their data because they didn’t have access to the right tools or knowledge. Technology has paved the way for democratizing data science. Drag & drop tools make it easier than ever to slice & dice any business data, and take away the complexity a business user would have needed a data scientist for.
- Business users enrich the data by putting it in context. Just like a business user doesn’t know how to code, a data scientist doesn’t know the business side of things. A data scientist might spot a drop in revenue for a specific product, but only the sales person knows that this is because they ran a heavy sales promotion on the article. Putting things in context will yield much richer and deeper insights.
Why should SaaS product owners & B2C service providers care?
New technology allows business users and consumers to take ownership over their data. They can now make relevant data-driven decisions without being dependent on technical staff.
From the point of view of an end-user, a consumer or an employee, this is revolutionary. But why should you care about it as a technology product vendor? And why should you even encourage it?
First of all, B2B SaaS companies will help driving positive change in the organization of their end-users. Equipping users with the tools they need to analyze their own data will:
- Alleviate the work for their data experts. They can now focus on more innovative, core analytics techniques like AI and ML, which will be the true game-changers in the field of data;
- Make their business users data-smart. Business people will feel encouraged by your technology to use data in decision-making. It will help them work more efficiently and take action faster, making them feel truly empowered;
- Position your product as innovative & supportive. Opening up your data to your users creates trust & connection with your users, resulting in better customer loyalty;
Likewise, B2C apps can give consumers ownership over their consumption data. Just think about the many banking and fitness apps that exist. What if users of those apps could get the possibility not only to explore their own financial or health data, but even to create their own “infographics”, completely personalized to their needs?
People love knowledge, and therefore they love data. So the more knowledge you give at their disposal, the more your product will stick.
Final notes
New emerging technologies enable anyone to look at their data critically, whether in a B2B or B2C context. No business user should only be limited to a single data snapshot created by a data scientist with less business context. Let them explore and create their own view on the data, based on the expertise and context they bring to the table. Let them spit to the bottom of their data until they find the exact insight they need, without writing a single line of code.
As a result, your platform or app users will get much richer insights and become a truly data-driven organization. And for your SaaS platform or consumer app, it means more engaged users and very likely, business growth.
Do your users want more tools to become data-smart? Cumul.io can help with your client-facing analytics offering. Get in touch for a free consultation!I-95 SB re-opened after overnight truck fire
/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/gray/ESIFOMGYPJD43J7OU75MFCHEA4.jpg)
/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/gray/VNIGSXY6EZBDJN2M2SVVENX7DA.jpg)
/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/gray/QJ5LT7CVY5C5JPUMM37244GB5I.jpg)
PORT WENTWORTH, GA (WTOC) - Both of the southbound lanes on Interstate 95 in Port Wentworth are back open after a truck caught fire overnight.
Port Wentworth fire crews were called out around 2 a.m. Tuesday to a vehicle on fire on I-95 southbound, right before Hwy 21.
Two people were inside the truck when the fire started. They both escaped unharmed.
Around 4 to 5 Port Wentworth fire units had to be called to the scene to help fight the blaze. The fire chief for Port Wentworth says he is not exactly sure what caused the truck to catch fire. He says there is so much damage to the front of the truck that it will be difficult to determine a cause.
Both of the southbound lanes of I-95 right in front of the weigh station before Hwy 21 had to be shut down for a little over an hour while crews put out the fire. All lanes of I-95 southbound are back open to traffic at this time.
Officials don't believe an investigation will be necessary because noone was hurt. They say the truck fire was never a threat to anyone traveling along I-95 SB overnight.What people are saying - Write a review
LibraryThing ReviewUser Review - kimgroome - LibraryThing
Some disbelief that cannibalism actually took place in some far-away areas. Funny that when a person thinks of cannibalism, often we think of exotic far-away places, when it is happening all the time (ok, not all the time) in good old North Amemrica. Read full review
User Review - Flag as inappropriate
Do not need to read it. Cannibalism was witnessed by early European explorers in NZ and verified by Maori elders and evidenced by chewed and charred human bones in middens of which I have seen photos of myself. The real fantasy is in this writers head.
Selected pages
Common terms and phrases
according adventures anthropophagy become believe body bones British brought called cannibal feast Cannibal Jack cannibalism canoes Captain century chapter chief collected colonial continued Cook crew cultural dead deal death Dillon discourse early eaten enemies especially ethnographic European event evidence example exist fact fantasy Fiji Fijian fire flesh further give given going hands heads human human flesh imagined Indians invented Islands Jackson John Journal killed kind king land later living London Maori March mentioned missionary muskets myths named narrative natives nature noted occurred officers person pieces Polynesian practice present Press quartering refer relations sacrifice savage says seems ship Society South stories taken took trade traditional true University victim voyage women ZealandSecret Go the Wolves.
Cry Wild
RD Lawrence’s first novel, Cry Wild, is the remarkable saga of a family of timber wolves that roam the untamed wilderness of North America’s forestland. Seen through the eyes of Silverfeet as the young pup grows to maturity, the wolf family endures the harsh privations of winter, the attacks of predator animals and the roaring inferno of forest fire that brings about Silverfeet’s fateful encounter with man. Cry Wild evokes a genuine love for all living creatures and clearly proclaims that one of them, the wolf, is more sinned against than sinner.
The North Runner
In The North Runner, RD Lawrence tells the story of the adventures he experienced in the British Columbia wilderness with Yukon, a half wolf, half-Alaskan malamute, and the building of trust between man and dog. A nature classic.
The Ghost Walker
During three seasons in British Columbia’s Selkirk Mountains, RD Lawrence observed (and was observed by) a puma in its remote natural habitat. His endearing story describes the special relationship between man and wild animal, and of his own survival alone in a perilous and unforgiving wilderness. But foremost, The Ghost Walker is a story of a patient and dedicated pursuit to understand the elusive puma and its place in the environment.
The White Puma
RD Lawrence’s moving novel about a predator animal that has been so mercilessly hunted as to be at risk of extinction describes human carelessness and greed, and the struggle for life from the cat’s point of view. The result is a gripping tale of the hunted turning on the hunters.
In Praise of Wolves
Can wolves teach us humans valuable lessons about ourselves? RD Lawrence believes they can, and that wolves provide a much closer model of human behavior than do primates. Told through anecdotes and personal observations of wolves in the wild and in captivity, he demolishes old myths about wolf aggression and upholds the wolf and the wolf pack as the ultimate stabilizer of nature demanding our respect.
Shark!
Believing that biologists must show the relationships between sharks and other marine animals in their environment to truly understand them, RD Lawrence takes us into his own world of close and personal encounters with “the most physically perfect of all life forms.” The result is a scientific study that reads like a fast-paced novel.
Wildlife in North America: Birds
Intended to complement standard guidebooks, “Wildlife in North America: Birds” is filled with RD Lawrence’s personal anecdotes of the characters and habits of commonly-seen North American birds, including an encounter with 38 bald eagles. More than 80 black and white photos by leading wildlife photographers augment his lively, personable and very readable prose. A delightful guide.
Wildlife in North America: Mammals
A vividly written book that belies its dry title, RD Lawrence draws the reader into the lives of the many mammals he encountered and observed along North America’s game trails: opossum, mole, bear, coyote, moose, musk-ox among others. By Lawrence’s intimate knowledge and affectionate telling, the reader is led to a deeper understanding of the wilderness and its inhabitants. “Wildlife in North America” Includes 65 black and white photographs.
Paddy
While canoeing in the wilds of Ontario, RD Lawrence comes across a small bundle of fur about to be attacked by a swooping hawk. The bundle turns out to be a tiny frightened beaver kit, the size of the naturalist’s hand. In this true story of nurture and love, instinct and survival, RD Lawrence and “Paddy” form a unique relationship before the beaver is drawn toward the lake and his own kind.
Wildlife in Canada
True to his belief that natural history should be easy to understand and non-clinical, RD Lawrence’s first book marked (in the words of the publisher) a “New approach in natural history.” New also? The he tells us about each animal’s daily routines from their point of view while sharing beautiful descriptions of their wilderness habitats. For, as Lawrence wrote: “To know the animals one must also know the land.” This fusion of knowledge and insight separated Lawrence from other nature writers of his day – and to this day creates a page-turner of a book.
The Zoo That Never Was
A heart-warming story of animal psychology, “The Zoo That Never Was” describes the adventures of the wild menagerie that came about as RD Lawrence and his wife Joan cared for orphaned and abandoned animals, including bear, otters, skunk, raccoons, lynx, Canada geese, ducks, turtles, porcupines and more. Includes an unforgettable road-trip involving a Malamute puppy, a bear cub and one very surprised traffic cop.
Voyage of the Stella
In 1972, following the death of his beloved wife Joan, RD Lawrence seeks solace exploring 1600 miles of coastline and waters off the North Pacific’s Inside Passage. From a small cruiser he names the “Stella Maris,” he encounters shark, whales, dolphins and Orcas among other marine life. The adventure brings emotional healing and rejuvenation, and an unforgettable story of Canada’s dynamic and sometimes perilous ocean environment.
Trail Of The Wolf
Arguably the one book where R.D. Lawrence describes his accumulated knowledge of wolves ~ from their social structure and hunting methods to their biology and differences with other canids. Impressively illustrated, “Trail of the Wolf” dispels common wolf myths and enlightens readers with the author’s personal experiences observing wild and captive wolves.
The Green Trees Beyond
RD Lawrence’s autobiography tells the story of his birth in 1921 and early childhood in Spain, his teenage fighting role in the Spanish Civil War, his enlistment in the British Army and subsequent rescue at Dunkirk, followed by his wounding in North Africa and again at Normandy. His recovery resurrected in him his childhood passion for Nature. Driven by that passion, he immigrated to Canada to spend a lifetime devoted to nurturance, not war.
The Green Trees Beyond ~ Afterward by Sharon Lawrence
“People often ask what happened to Tundra and Taiga, the other nine wolves and the plethora of other four-legged creatures who were housed at Wolf Hollow. The following is a brief update on many of the critters that you met in books and articles by Ronald Douglas Lawrence.” – S.L.
The Place in the Forest
When RD Lawrence and Joan, his wife, buy a 350-acre farm in Ontario (which they call: “The Place”) they are quickly made to feel at home by the many animals already living on the property. The human couple are fascinated by the behaviors of the wolves, the courting rituals of wild ducks, the friendly mischief of raccoons – all of whom afford rich insights into wild lives. First published in 1967, this book was dedicated “To Canada, on her 100th Birthday.”
Where The Water Lilies Grow
In this sequel to “The Place in the Forest,” RD Lawrence describes what he and Joan learned from the many animal species that ventured to the lilied lake near their home in the back woods of Canada. Of one such lesson he writes: “Out here, walking upon the ice of my lake a thousand adventures are unfolding all around me. Some I can see, or hear; others are beyond my senses, but yet are real. Often I stand still and silent, and I listen and see and smell this place and I become content. And sometimes I become exhilarated by fear which I cannot escape and I would not escape it, for it is a part of things here and it fines the mind and the instincts.”
The Natural History of Canada
This conducted tour of Canada informs and entertains general readers, conservationists and students hungry for a comprehensive guide to our natural world. Illustrated with stunning photography, the chapters cover the effects of the ice age, the boreal forests, prairie flatlands, mountain wilderness and oceanographic environments.
The Poison Makers
In a book ahead of its time, and highly relevant today, RD Lawrence tells us in blunt language that we consumers are as much poison makers as the industries that produce and use synthetic chemicals. Pollution, he says, is just one aspect of man’s seemingly determined efforts to destroy himself and all other life. The final chapter is a strong call to action.
WOLVES
Written for young readers as part of the Sierra Club Wildlife Library series, “Wolves” reveals this highly intelligent but greatly misunderstood animal as it is rarely seen – at play, on the hunt and in tender family relationships. RD Lawrence also edited Sierra Club Wildlife Library titles: Seals, Elephants, Apes, Eagles, Bears and Snakes. Each book in the Library was originally published by Key Porter Books Natural History Series.
Next book to be added soon … Owls, The Silent Flyers by R.D.LIf you want to do your bit to support local biodiversity, start your own wildlife pond in your back garden. Whether you are looking to do something to help the environment, building a feature pond as a family landscaping project, or attracting local wildlife to your garden; a wildlife pond is a perfect addition to your gardening efforts. Learn everything there is to know about wildlife ponds with: - Photographic and illustrative step-by-step guides on planning, creating, and maintaining your pond - A variety of pond types covered, including natural-style ponds, container ponds, and more traditional, formal-style ponds that still attract wildlife- What to expect throughout the seasons, the creatures that will visit, and the aquatic plants that will thrive- Tips on what to look out for in your pond, encouraging a natural eco-system, and how to maintain your newly built pond throughout the yearFind out everything you'll need to know to create a natural sanctuary in your garden! This book shows you how to create a backyard pond without filters, pipes, and chemicals, and how to attract and support local species.
RHS How to Create a Wildlife Pond provides easy-to-follow steps on how to dig your own pond line, advice on which pond plants to choose from, and how to make sure local wildlife can enjoy your pond safely. This book will also give you advice on how to take care of your newly built water feature so that you're able to enjoy the local animals, insects and birds for years to come. You can expect to see blackbirds bathing in your pond, hedgehogs using it as a water source, and bats flying over at night to catch insects.
This wonderful book is filled with photographs and illustrations that will make planning and creating your own pond a therapeutic and fulfilling experience!Complete the Series: There are so many ways for you to enjoy your garden! If you're looking for tips on environmental changes and landscaping ideas, DK books have even more gardening guides and projects for you to explore. Discover RHS How to Garden the Low Carbon Way, or bring even more feathered friends to your garden with How to Attract Birds to Your Garden.
£14.99PriceNo lower prices anywhere! Your stay in Kuala Lumpur starts from AED 45 !!
timer Valid till Dec 31, 2020
timer Valid till Dec 31, 2020
No lower prices anywhere! Your stay in Kuala Lumpur starts from AED 45.
Like a skyline embroidered with minarets, a monument to Malaysian ingenuity and determination, Kuala Lumpur stands up from the crowd to be among the most prominent touristic destinations, not in Asia, but rather in the whole world.
Looking for the remarkable cultural diversity in Kuala Lumpur, but hesitant about the accommodation costs. Now, just with Asfartrip.com, reserve your stay in Kuala Lumpur for the lower rates starting from AED 45.
Hey Traveler! The bride of Asia awaits you. Come on, this is a steal at these prices, just AED 45 for your stay in Kuala Lumpur.
United Arab Emirates
800 ASFAR (27327)
International
+ 971 (4) 454 2466
We are available 24/7. or otherwise acquired Lightning eMotors securities during the Class Period, you may move the Court no later than December 14, 2021Group Leader Protein Technologies, Atlas Antibodies – Mpya Sci & Tech, Stockholm30.10.2021
About the job
Atlas Antibodies develops, produces, markets and sells advanced reagents for biomedical research. The company originates from the Swedish-based Human Protein Atlas project and was founded in 2006 by researchers at the Royal Institute of Technology (KTH) and the Rudbeck Laboratory / Uppsala University. The company offers four high-quality product lines: Triple A Polyclonals ™, PrecisA Monoclonals ™, PrEST Antigen ™, and QPrEST ™ standards for absolute quantification of proteins using mass spectrometry. Atlas Antibodies is based in Stockholm, has around 70 employees and markets and sells its products globally through several distribution channels. Read more on the company website: [] ()
Working at Atlas Antibodies means developing people, developing processes and being part of a company enabling biomedical research. You will be responsible for developing our products in an expanding company, and we promise you it will be challenging, engaging and fun. Choose to be part of our future story!
Atlas Antibodies products are used all over the world in research for the purpose of understanding and improving human health. The company has its heritage from KTH and Uppsala University and the Human Protein Atlas project and has grown organically to today´s 80 employees. As a part of Atlas Antibodies you have the possibility to follow the product from development, production to sales, marketing, and shipping, since all functions are gathered in Bromma, Stockholm. Here you can make a difference.
About The Role
As a Manager of the Protein Technologies Team you will lead an R&D group consisting of nine employees who are responsible for development of polyclonal antibodies, monoclonal antibodies, and antigens. You report to the CSO and is part of the R&D department management group.
This Position Includes The Following Responsibilities
- Manage daily operations within the group
- People management and coaching
- Budget responsibility
- Create and execute R&D plans
- Decision maker and leader within R&D
- Develop and improve processes, products and technologies
- Act as process/object/system and resource owner
- Strategic work by identify, evaluate and develop new opportunities
- Product care and life cycle management
About You
We are now looking for a new role model to make our protein technologies team shine and perform at their best. To succeed in the role, we believe that you have experience from a similar role and are confident in your leadership skills.
You are used to work within a regulated business and work according to present regulations, policies, SOPs and in line with Atlas Antibodies values and code of conduct. You keep yourself updated regarding methods, technical tools to ensure having the right information in order to perform in your day-to-day work. You are keen of the working relationships and are actively contributing to a positive working environment.
But most importantly you are eager to build a team based on self-leadership and find your way to contribute to our growth and development as a production site.
Qualifications
- Licentiate or PhD in biomedicine, biotechnology or equivalent to
- Previous experience as manager or leader within Life Science industry
- Meritorious with experience in personnel responsibility
- Meritorious with experience in methods used in protein analysis such as immunohistochemistry, multiplexing and western blot
- Meritorious with experience in antibody validation and assay development
- Meritorious with experience in project management
- Good language skills in Swedish and English, both oral and written
Application
Please submit your application no later than 21th of November. Contact Talent Advisor Johan Östman at +46 (0)766287891 or johan.ostman@mpyascitech.com for further questions. Please note that we interview candidates continuously and the position may be filled before last application date.
About Atlas Antibodies
Atlas Antibodies AB has a very special story. The company was founded in 2006 as a start-up from the prestigious Human Protein Atlas project. The idea of the researchers was to make the unique antibodies developed in the project available to fellow researchers worldwide. Fifteen years later, the company has successfully launched more than 60,000 products for protein research. These reagents include highly validated antibodies, antigens, and protein quantification standards for mass spectrometry, constituting a unique portfolio of high-end proteomics tools, relevant for basic and clinical research in important areas such as cancer research and neuroscience. The company offers four product lines: Triple A Polyclonals™, PrecisA Monoclonals™, PrEST Antigens and QPrEST™ protein standards.
Atlas Antibodies has experienced significant growth over the years and currently consists of approximately 80 employees. Products are marketed and sold globally, primarily through international and national distributors. The company has the ambition to expand significantly through organic and acquisitive growth. For more information, visit
CAR ,NUMBER PLATE FRAME, SET Easy to Fitting, Long Lasting Durability, Nice LookingAppreciated and valued among its customers for the purpose of manufacturing, trading, wholesaling and supplying Automobile Parts, Royal Trade Industries was set up in the year 1997.. ...
Has an additional retaining front piece that clips onto the length of the ,frame,. 4. Water Resistant Overprint. 5. Suitable for use with all standard EU ,plates, with dimensions 52 cm x 11 cm. Not suitable for Austrian number ,plates, and Audi single ,frame, front bumpers. .
Stainless ,steel, does not stain, corrode, or rust as easily as regular carbon ,steel, and offers an aesthetic appeal with anti-bacterial properties. This makes it ideal for applications in industries such as food handling and processing, medical, and construction. Stainless sheet and ,plate, …
Universal License ,Plate Frame, with 3D Cadillac Logo by Autogold®. Dimensions: 6.25" x 12.25". Material: Stainless ,Steel,. Add a touch of personalization to your prized investment with this first-grade Autogold license ,plate frame, that is...
Oakley ,Steel Plate, OX3222 is a stylish Rectangle ,frame, for Women. These designer prescription glasses are made to accommodate most prescription lenses. These Prescription Glasses feature a fashionable full ,frame, design. A rim all the way around the lenses, provides for maximum stability and durability..
30/9.
21/11/2019, · What Type of Steel is AR550? AR550 is a, type of hardened steel. Hardened steel, is distinguished by its medium to high carbon content and the processing method of hardening and then tempering to determine its hardness properties and avoid brittleness..
Download this Free Vector about Metal signs, ,steel, or silver ,plates, with rivets and ,frames,., and discover more than 11 Million Professional Graphic Resources on Freepik
Ford ,Stainless Steel, License ,Plate Frames,. Ford 500 Laser Etched ,Stainless Steel, Cut-Out License ,Plate Frame,. Our Price: $32.95. Built Ford Tough Textured Black ,Stainless Steel, Laser Etched License ,Plate, Cover. Our Price: $36.95.
Description: Stainless ,Steel, License ,Plate Frame, Gift Set - Macan, with Model Car. Includes Macan Stainless ,Steel, License ,Plate Frame,, hardware... More Info $80.00
Hotline
TEL:+86 13526880645
Company email
systeelplate@outlook.com
Business cooperation
+86 13526880645
Company address
No.186, Zi Dong Road, Guan Cheng District, Zheng Zhou, He Nan Province.World Wide Land Transfer provides excellent service through personal attention and dedication by a team of highly skilled attorneys and title insurance professionals. our determination to provide service that is customized to fit the client’s needs. We know there are many choices for title insurance providers and the only way to compete is to provide the best service possible!
Our experienced attorneys in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York, Maryland, Virginia, Washington, D.C., Delaware and Connecticut coupled with our seasoned and professional title examiners and senior underwriters give us a backbone of experience that is unparalleled in the title insurance industry. Our accomplished closing concierges have a combined 85 years’ experience coordinating and conducting real estate closings. Our record includes years of great ratings, reviews and honors from our clients.
WWLT is one of the few title insurance providers with the distinction of being a policy-issuing agent of all 4 of the largest and highest-rated title insurance underwriters:
WWLT prides itself on being one of the most technologically advanced title insurance companies in the industry. We constantly are investing and utilizing the most advanced technologies to increase efficiencies and add value to our clients.
Our employee desktop solutions are secured by a SSAE 16 certified data center with rigid infrastructure controls. WWLT was one of the first title insurance companies to run a paperless office with backup servers in 3 different states to ensure that even if a disaster arose all business would continue with out affecting the client.
WWLT engages one of the most comprehensive, powerful, yet user-friendly web-based automated Loan Estimate Quote systems in the industry, providing its lender clients with guaranteed LE Quotes so there is no fear in under-disclosing fees to the customer., dangerous and old school industry standard of month-to-month escrow account reconciliation.
Our tailored made “back-office” software greatly facilitates our ability to generate title commitments promptly and accurately. Our state-of-the-art, proprietary web-based tool, Express Ordering (OrderSync) and Document Retrieval Software, as well as order placement and tracking systems, are available to all of our clients via our new advancement, “WWLT SYNC”. We can easily integrate with our clients’ technology of choice for easy, secure transmittal of your title documents. Learn more about WWLT SYNC HEREBiden Administration Plans to Broaden Covid Vaccine Manufacturing
“The thought of creating a marketing strategy with two corporations reasonably than a public well being plan is disturbing to us,” mentioned Dr. Joia Mukherjee, chief medical officer of Partners In Health, a world public well being nonprofit. “We imagine that Biden has the facility, notably with Moderna as a result of a lot of it was taxpayer funded, to demand the sharing of patents and know-how.”
Some activists, livid with what they regard because the administration’s sluggish progress, turned up on the house of Ron Klain, Mr. Biden’s chief of employees, in September and deposited a fake mountain of bones on the sidewalk in protest. One other group protested outdoors Mr. Zients’s house on Wednesday morning.
Addressing criticism that the Biden plan isn’t centered on constructing capability abroad, Dr. Kessler mentioned that home manufacturing “is necessary not just for the U.S. provide, however for international provide.”
On the similar time, partnering with huge drug makers presents no ensures. Mr. Biden introduced earlier this yr that he had brokered a deal with Merck & Co., the pharmaceutical big, to fabricate Johnson & Johnson’s vaccine, together with for different international locations. Officers hailed the partnership as historic, saying it slot in with the president’s imaginative and prescient of a producing marketing campaign just like the one Franklin D. Roosevelt spearheaded to supply provides for World Warfare could possibly be used to acquire and manufacture remedies, vaccines and different instruments for ending the pandemic.
However in an evaluation released this summer, the AIDS advocacy group Prep4All discovered that each one advised, the administration had spent $145 million — simply $12 million of it from the American Rescue Plan — to develop vaccine manufacturing. Most went to retrofitting Merck’s manufacturing traces.SAS NAGAR NEWS: The Punjab School Education Board (PSEB) has decided to give a ‘golden’ chance to students who got a compartment or failed in, or want to improve their results of, class 8,10 and 12 exams held between March 2002 and March 2011.
Candidates will have to pay Rs 3,000 for reappearing in the exams.
Chairman of the board Dalbir Singh Dhillon said the decision was taken after the board got several applications requesting for a chance to improve results.
Forms can be downloaded on the Punjab board’s website.
The last date of submitting the form is July 22.
SOURCE-HT
plz send me form golden chance +2 class
plz tell me the date of examination of the golden chance
sir pls give me link from where to download forms???its very urgent..rply fast pls asa soon as possible.thnx
alz tell me the examination date of golden chance students
sir pls supose that i am fail in any subject, then the result stands same as previous or it count the new one, . . . Plz tell me
plz tell me the date of +2 examination of the golden chance????????????
sir pls mere 12th goldenchance foam fill kita jis wich mere subject history polscience hai mene usse wich mene history electivepunjbi socialghy paar ditaa hai plz suggest me mene form improvement liya parra hai
thank
golden chance exam held in nov first week. date sheet in between 10- 25 oct.
i got supplementry in maths of exams of 2008 of metric class,in next chance i didn’t get passed,so now tell me if is there any more chance for me.. pls give me all the details.
SIR TELL ME WHEN GODLEN CHANCE RESULT COME OF 12TH CLASS
Sir my english reappear result are not declared.in +2 class pls tell me …thnks..
sir plz send me result for golden chance 10th class
Sir mai year 2008 ch 10th de exam dite si te meri ohde ch 2 subject ch compartment ayi si mai usto bd vi clear nhi kr pYa bt mai hun parna chnda ha te exam dubara dena chanda ha menu dubra mauka mil sakda taki mai dubra paper clear sakda … Sir plz send me full detail i will be very thankful…..
please send me new golden chance 2012 form for B.A. 3rd yr. because of one supply i can’t continue our study. i hope u help me & send me golden chance as soon as possibleThe Songsanri Tombs of Gongju Korea provided archaeologists more evidence of the culturally sophisticated Baeje Kingdom (18 BCE-660 CE).
One of ancient Korea’s Three Kingdoms, the city of Gongju (then Ungjin) was selected as Baekje’s capital, and for 63 years its spectacular temples and palaces thrived until it was destroyed by a Silla-Tang China coalition in 660.
Today, this town in South Chungcheong Province (충청남도) has several important cultural attractions that tell the story of Baekje’s glory years.
Although most escape notice from travelers to Korea, the Songsanri Tombs of Gongju Korea are gaining popularity. To passers by, the tombs resemble large, gently sloping earthen mounds blanketed in neatly-trimmed grass.
It’s believed that ten Baekje kings are buried in Gongju, although so far just seven have been discovered.
The most important Tomb  known as Sama, became king after his father was assassinated by a court official. A year later, he crushed a rebellion by the same renegade.
During Muryeong’s reign, the southwestern kingdom of Baekje and its eastern rival Silla were allied against the northern kingdom of Goguryeo.
. No doubt this is one reason why many Japanese tourists visit the Baekje capitals of Gongju and Buyeo (부여).
Among the Songsanri Tombs of Gongju Korea, King Muryeong’s tomb was discovered by accident in 1971 while drainage pipes were being installed to protect two nearby tombs. It’s rare to find an intact Baekje tomb, yet Muryeong’s hadn’t been opened since the king and queen were originally interred some 1,500 years earlier!
Inside, archaeologists discovered 2,906 items. Of those, 12 were designated National Treasures, and all can be seen at the Gongju National Museum.
Baekje is often regarded as the most artistically sophisticated of the Three Kingdoms. Some of the best examples include the distinctive royal crowns, jewelry, gilt bronze shoes and neck pillows found inside the tombs.
Unfortunately for me (but fortunately for its preservation), the actual tomb is permanently closed. But the Korean government has made an excellent, albeit miniature duplicate for visitors..
The unusual wall mural in Tomb #6 is probably its most remarkable aspect. In fact, it’s the only representative art of this kind in the world.
Not surprisingly, the Songsanri Tombs of Gongju Korea are among South Korea’s future pitches to be considered for UNESCO World Heritage status..
What about you? Have you visited the tombs? Let us know in the comments below and tell us your story!
Last updated September 12th, 2019
>.The Board of Cooperative Educational Services provides educational programs and opportunities to meet distinct needs within 18 local school districts. One of three BOCES on Long Island, Western Suffolk BOCES provides 70 services to two or more districts more economically and efficiently than one district alone can provide. Western Suffolk BOCES helps school-age children and adults gain the skills and knowledge they need to be successful in the workplace.
Western Suffolk BOCES has an elected Board of seven representatives from the 210 square mile area that makes up the western Suffolk County towns of Babylon, Huntington and Smithtown. Board members are elected for three-year terms and are responsible for policy governing Western Suffolk BOCES.
The Boards of Cooperative Educational Services were created in 1948 by the New York State Legislature. Today 37 BOCES in New York serve 721 school districts.
Programs are offered through these main divisions:
- Special Education
- Career & Technical Education
- Instructional Support Services
Other Services:
BOCES also offers many administrative and management services to help school districts meet the needs of their students, staff and communities. BOCES can provide these services more economically and efficiently than one district alone can provide.
Western Suffolk BOCES publications provide up-to-date information about a wide range of BOCES programs and services. Take a look:
Shared Services Guide 2021-22
APPR Plan
The NYS Commissioner of Education has approved the Annual Professional Performance Review Plan (APPR) submitted by Western Suffolk BOCES as meeting the criteria outlined in the Commissioner’s Regulations.
- APPR Education Law 3012-c and Subpart 30-2
- APPR Education Law §3012-d and Subpart 30-3 (Implemented for the 2016-7 school year and thereafter.)
Report Card
Read the statistics on the programs of Western Suffolk BOCES.NALSAR University of law, Hyderabad, is a premier educational institution in the country. NALSAR has a reputation of producing talented and well-equipped lawyers ready for work at corporate firms, bar, and the bench. In view of the needs of the rapidly and constantly changing business environment, we have initiated a one-of-its-kind MBA course at our Department of Management Studies (DoMS).
The brand equity of NALSAR along with the legacy of learning and the direction of creative and experienced faculty ensure that our students attain understanding and skills in their area of interest be it in law, management or both. Our students are selected for their ability to acquire knowledge and capability to perform so that they are able to operate effectively and efficiently in all sectors of the economy.
DoMS, NALSAR aims to nurture global managers and thought leaders who would prove to be a right fit in a fast changing business environment, characterized by uncertainty, complexity and a dynamic Socio-economic, technological and political world. In my opinion, the success of future manager
Will depend on their ability to respond quickly in uncertain situations and their adaptability in dealing with complex and multicultural global environments in combination with a thorough understanding of the framework of laws and regulations within which individuals and corporations must work. Training for these capabilities is a challenge. This is a challenge that NALSAR proudly accepts.
With best wishes.
Prof. Faizan Mustafamy NYE outfit 31. December 2012FASHION, VIEW IT ALL2012, cashmere, fashion, fashionblog, green, hat, isawsomethingnice.ch, NYE, redisawsomethingnice.ch my NYE outfit – happy new year – may 2013 be better 🙂 hat JUICY COUTURE coat VINTAGE sweater PARENTIS pants ZARA shoes CATWALK earrings SWAROVSKI SHARE ITClick to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Related“Do you love me?” I asked doubtfully, and stupidly.
She burst out laughing — with the same unfathomable drunken laughter that had so charmed me earlier. It did not charm me now. Back on the veranda, that earlier laugh had somehow soared into the summer sky, an endearing cry for help addressed to some far-off Dionysus. But now she was laughing at me, and into me, the way any woman might laugh at any man held in an embrace of perhaps half an hour. It was a common, rather vulgar, laugh, an utterly godless laugh, one that could have been heard a thousand times at that moment in any of the parks of Paris and the banlieue — and how was I any different from the thousand other poor wretches who at that precise moment were preparing for the stereotypical games of love?
— from the short story “A Garden Party in St. Cloud”For the Elites, the Super-Rich Are the True Heroes of the Times
By Achin VanaikTelegraph
December 22, 2005
Unlike the â€˜economic establishment' in India that comprises economic bureaucrats, journalists, academics (Indian and non-resident Indians) and is all gung ho about the emergence of neoliberal economic globalization since the beginnings of the Eighties, the World Bank has taken criticisms of this model much more seriously, even if not seriously enough. Its annual World Development Reports over the last decade have reflected this, taking up themes, going well beyond the idea of markets as the â€˜ideal â€˜heroes' of our times.
Let us take some accepted, indeed indisputable, facts. One, the combined wealth of the world's three richest people is greater than the total gross domestic product of the 48 poorest countries. Two, in 1960, the average income of the richest 20 per cent of the world's population was 30 times higher than that of the poorest 20 per cent. By 1995, this had become 82 times greater (United Nations Development Programme Report 1998). Three,. Four, a study of 77 countries (with 82 per cent of the world's population) showed that between the Fifties and the Nineties, Globalization, haven't world's population has been growing. But this particular journal, far from harbouring any leftist attitudes, does not even entertain moderate centrist-liberal views of the Rawlsian type that would be deeply appalled at this growing impoverishment of the already poorest, and see this as itself a decisive indictment of the current form of economic globalization. Instead, The Economist claims that the high and sustained growth rates of China, above all (though the Indian performance also contributes), have pulled up the â€˜in-betweens' of hundreds of millions closer to the world average for annual incomes, and therefore actually reduced global inequality. That is to say, the differences between average incomes in the richer and poorer parts of the world have lessened.
Bhagwati's judgment,.
Moreover, in so far as neoliberals claim that the incomes of many people in the developing world have risen significantly, given that the average incomes in the two parts have diverged over the last 20 years, then clearly this category of â€˜richer data comparison, the most informed and authoritative judgment that one can make is that global inequality of incomes, wealth and consumption have risen dramatically in the era of neoliberal economic globalization.
<! - insert appropriate index address below - >
More Information on Inequality of Wealth and Income Distribution
More Information on Global Injustice and InequalityPorthcawl is a town and community on the south coast of Wales in the county borough of Bridgend, 25 miles (40 km) west of the capital city, Cardiff and 19 miles (31 km) southeast. Northwest of the town, in the dunes known as Kenfig Burrows, are hidden the last remnants of the town and Kenfig Castle, which were overwhelmed by sand about 1400.
Reserve your Rooms Quick-linkABSTRACT
The risk of lower extremity amputations (LEAs) in diabetics is 20 times higher than in non-diabetics. Clinical practice guidelines recommend that all diabetics should receive an annual foot examination to identify high-risk foot conditions. Despite this recommendation, there is little evidence in the literature to show its effectiveness in preventing LEA. This study aims to evaluate the effectiveness of diabetes foot screening in primary care in preventing LEA and to identify LEA risk factors. Materials and Methods: This is a retrospective cohort study of diabetic patients who visited the National Healthcare Group Polyclinics for the first time from 1 January 2008 to 31 December 2012. The intervention of interest was foot screening performed at least once during 2 years of follow-up, and the outcome of interest was LEA (major and/or minor) performed during 2 years of follow-up. Patients who did foot screening (n = 8150) were compared to a propensity score matched control group (n = 8150) who did not do foot screening. Logistics regression was done to identify factors associated with LEA. Results: Among those who underwent foot screening, there were 2 (0.02%) major amputations and 15 (0.18%) minor amputations compared with 42 (0.52%) and 52 (0.64%) among those who did not (P <0.001). Conclusion: Lack of diabetes foot screening, lower socioeconomic status, hip fracture, Malay ethnicity, chronic kidney disease, poorer glycaemic control, longer diabetes duration and male gender have been found to be associated with a higher risk of LEA.
The prevalence of diabetes mellitus in Singapore has increased from 8.2% in 20041 to 11.3% in 20102 and is likely to increase to 15%in2050. Globally, the burden of diabetes both in terms of prevalence and number of adults affected has increased.
This article is available only as a PDF. Please click on “Download PDF” on top to view the full article.You have any questions?
Or want us to call you?
By using our online form your questions and requests will be forwarded to the responsible contact person.
...to the form
The North-Westphalia Chamber actively represents the business interests of more than 140,000 enterprises in industry, retail, trade, transport, banking, insurance, and services in the Münsterland and Emscher-Lippe regions.
The Chamber promotes the economy of its district and advocates the overall views of their member companies. In doing so, the Chamber must adopt a balanced and reasoned position to incorporate the various interests of individual branches of industry and companies.
The CCI is a leading authority for vocational training and final examinations. Moreover, it advises apprentices and employees on all questions relating to education and training. In the North-Westphalia district, around 3,300 volunteer examiners (affiliated to local enterprises) work on more than 350 CCI examination committees and ensure the practical relevance of the vocational and further training examinations. Therefore, skilled employees are trained in line with requirements, pass examinations on economics and subjects which are relevant to business, and strengthen the autonomy of the regional economy.Weather: Mostly sunny weekend ahead
Ljubljana, 29 September - It will be quite sunny in Slovenia on Saturday once the fog disperses. A moderate bora will blow in Primorsko in the west. Morning lows will be in single digits and daytime highs in the upper teens, up to 22 Celsius on the coast.Our new baby
Genre — essay.
Timing — 26 minutes.
How to choose a kitten, puppy or other animal, how to treat, how to feed and how to care for it. What to look for when choosing, how and why is it playing? It is about our new child, who appeared in the house, about how to learn to live with it in peace and get pleasure from its existence nearby.
Presenter — Nadezhda Lapteva.
The program has aired since 2009.
What is our country coming too. We have to have our attorney with us in order to have a conversation with anyone. Our country is not our country anymore. I remember 50 years ago we didn't have car alarms, no one questioned whether you had a gun or not, you went to school to learn and better yourself, no one told you what to eat or you carried a brown bag, you said prays in the classroom to start the morning off, and maybe even the pledge of alliegance, you didn't drop out of school, because you knew you needed a education in order to get anywhere, and you showed your parents respect and all other adults even if they might not be right, until you could show them in a diplomatic way the truth. NO ONE SUED BACK THEN. We need to get back to our old ways again. This President and almost all of Congress needs to be replaced with people that put their country first before each other.
Thank you and God Bless,
Bob V.
When Americans turn back to God for guidance what you wish will most likely happen. Why? Because people will have regained the concept of "conscience." They will also realize that they came from dust and will return to dust and that we are only here on this earth for a short time but will be in eternity forever, be that heaven or hell....their choice!Nearly 75 years ago, in January 1944, Billboard magazine published its very first country chart, topped by pop crooner Bing Crosby and the Andrews Sisters trio’s bubbly version of a song called “Pistol Packin’ Mama.” On Thursday night, at Nashville’s Ryman Auditorium, that song played on the P.A. system to herald the onstage arrival of Pistol Annies, the irresistibly sassy trio comprised of Miranda Lambert, Ashley Monroe and Angaleena Presley, who packed the sold-out show with traditional honky-tonk edged in swaggering rock & roll and laced with sweet gospel harmony.
The trio’s first full-length show together in nearly seven years delivered 75 fiery minutes of material from all three of their albums, including the forthcoming Interstate Gospel, to the delight of a largely female crowd that was engaged and enthralled from the outset.
Kicking off with the deliciously seductive new tune “Sugar Daddy,” which led into the fizzy, electric “I Feel a Sin Comin’ On” from Annie Up, Lambert then introduced “Bad Example” from the trio’s 2011 debut Hell on Heels by telling the crowd, “We hope to set a very bad example for y’all tonight.” Introducing themselves by their chosen nicknames: “Lone Star Annie” (Lambert), “Hippie Annie” (Monroe) and “Holler Annie” (Presley), the latter rubbed her belly and introduced “Baby Annie,” whose visible presence admittedly forced the singer to wrestle with her microphone stand at times.
Long regarded for their refreshingly fearless and candid approach both on and offstage, during the debut of the tender new tune, “Cheyenne,” Lambert was forced to caution an over-served fan who approached the stage, telling her, “You’re not going to steal our show. This is our night.” That minor issue dealt with, she introduced their next song by listing a few of the other circumstances and distractions the three have encountered since forming the group in 2010. “We’ve had two husbands, two ex-husbands, two babies, one on the way, and 25 animals,” Lambert said. “Needless to say, we’ve lived a lot of life and some of it was happy and some of it was ‘Unhappily Married.'” Domestic discord was also addressed in Presley’s lighthearted “The Hunter’s Wife,” before Monroe took the spotlight for the somber “Dear Sobriety.”
The trio also paid tribute to Elvis Presley, whom Lambert identified as “the one man we all want to marry,” with a chilling version of the King’s 1956 hit, “Love Me,” recorded not long after he made his one and only appearance on the Grand Ole Opry, on the same stage where they were standing. Lambert’s soaring vocals on the tune were particularly strong, washing over the hall and ringing all the way back to its historic stained glass windows.
Other new songs in the set included the heartbreaking “Milkman,” about the often complicated relationship between mothers and daughters and the rollicking “Interstate Gospel,” which Presley noted was wholly appropriate for the Mother Church of Country Music since “it was inspired by none other than Jesus.” It also kicks off with what is surely one of the best opening lines of any country song this year: “Jesus is the bread of life, without Him you’re toast,” yet another testament to the trio’s gift for mixing reverence with unexpurgated cheek. The emotional highpoint of the night, in terms of the trio’s new material, was perhaps “The Best Years of My Life.” With its references to the advantages of “recreational Percocet” and “intellectual emptiness,” the ironically titled tune is tinged with steel-guitar sadness and quiet devastation. To their credit, though, the mood shifted as Presley introduced the next number by saying, “This song is not about anyone in this band; it was very difficult for us to write about this,” after which Lambert sneered, “She’s full of shit.” The song, “Got My Name Changed Back,” not only speaks to every woman who has ever spent their hard-earned money to reclaim their post-divorce identity on paper, but also represents what should – if there is any justice – be a genuine hit single at country radio. It also includes a full-circle moment as far as the live show is concerned, with an irresistible Andrews Sisters-inspired vocal break mid-song.
The trio closed the show with longtime favorites “Taking Pills” and “Hell on Heels” before an entrancing acoustic encore of the romantic ballad, “The End of My Story.” Three truly outstanding solo artists, Lambert, Monroe and Presley, like the Halley’s Comet of Country Music, burn even more brightly as Pistol Annies, appearing just long enough to delight but leaving luminescent memories in their wake.The purpose of the article is to afford the topic of when and how the Theodosian Code gained legal force in the western part of the Empire, lately solved with solutions that do not ought to be widely accepted. Overlooked theories on the subject, here is stated that in the West there was no official enactment of the Code because its copying and spreading into the chancellery of the judges would have been evaluated by contemporaries as far as enough to give legal strength to it. No question was raised for lack of simultaneity with eastern part of the Empire because the constitution that enacted to the Code and gave legal force since January 2 439 in the East (Nov. Th. 1) was not even known in the West (that’s why the Senate met in December 438). The sending of Nov. Th. 1 to the West in 447 shows that in the eastern part of the Empire a distintinction between enactment and spread, by officially copying the legal book of Theodosius, was made, so they want to mend the mistake taken into the West in the legal procedure to enact and spread the Code.
Barbati, S., Idee vecchie e nuove sull'entrata in vigore del Codice Teodosiano in Occidente, <<IURIS ANTIQUI HISTORIA>>, 2015; 7 (N/A): 11-46 []3 Daily Habits To Help You Stay Young In Mind And Body
This question originally appeared on Quora. Answer by Rachmartika Astarini.
Most people won’t buy it when I say my father will be 70 this February. My father came from a little village in Java, where most of the people were farmers. I believe the habits and values he brings from where he grew up play a big part in how he looks now.
- Wake up at 4am, and never go back to sleep. Whenever he got out of bed, he will make his own bed, drink glass of water, do the Subuh prayer and start to work on almost anything around the house. From cleaning the garden, wash the car, or fixing the broken doorbell. He sometimes will stop for a while, 15 min maximum, to read the newspaper and get back to work. Whatever it is, I never saw him being unproductive first thing first in the morning. No matter how late he sleep, he always get up at 4 -4.30 am and hustle.
- Never skip a meal and eat fruit (papaya) diligently. Always have three meals a day, breakfast 7–8am, lunch 12–1pm, dinner before 8pm. Even if he is not hungry, he will always have something - just 3–5 spoon of rice is enough. He also eat papaya every single day, sometimes before meals, sometimes after. If we don’t have papaya, he will always asks for another fruit. Later I know from an article on how papaya does contribute an anti-aging effect to your body.
- Most importantly, always be thankful and sincere. My dad never gets angry. And from his friends and subordinates I often get confirmation on this, that they never ever see him angry or lose his temper. He never blames on anything or anyone and always able to see the rationality behind events.
It is not like my father is free from health issues such as cholesterol or back pain. The actual age of your body can not be changed, but it is all under control and not something that is really interrupting his daily life. Even his back pain is caused by a little accident - he fell when fixing the roof - when he was younger. However, during my 26 years I’ve never seen him acutely sick/bedridden. Only this year he had some kind of internal bleeding on his gastritis because his new back pain meds contain some chemical that is apparently too strong for his gastritis. 10 days in hospital to make sure his bleeding stopped and he’s back in action.
Overall, I think the red-string here is to have some personal discipline and be grateful :)
More from Quora:Author’s note: This article incorporates some text from my previous article about Private 1st Class Raymond V. Desorcy, who also served in the 10th Mountain Division.
Early Life & Family
Giuseppe Lentini was born at 207 Poplar Street in Wilmington, Delaware, on July 30, 1914. Nicknamed Pip, he was later known as Joseph Michael Lentini. He was the second son of Frank (also known as Francesco or Francis) Lentini (then a laborer, later a leather worker, and eventually a barber, 1890–1964) and Sebastiana Lentini (née Macili or Micele, 1889–1979). According to Frank Lentini’s petition for naturalization to become a U.S. citizen, Frank and Sebastiana were born in Ferla, Sicily, and had immigrated to the United States—Frank during the summer of 1912. Joseph had an older brother, Michael Joseph Lentini (1912–2000), who served in the U.S. Army during World War II, and two younger sisters, Concetta (later Jean) Lentini (later Hartmeyer, 1916–2010) and Frances Marie Lentini (later Fleischauer, 1920–2013).
The Lentini family moved several times during Joseph’s childhood but remained in Wilmington. By December 14, 1916, when Concetta was born, the family was living at 221 Poplar Street. The family was still living there when they were recorded on the census on January 2, 1920. Based on naturalization records, by March 14, 1924, the family was living at 431 East 5th Street in Wilmington. However, by the next census on April 9, 1930, Lentini’s parents had purchased a home at 307 East 4th Street.
Lentini dropped out of school after completing the 8th grade. He followed in his father’s footsteps; by the time the next census was recorded on April 16, 1940, the younger Lentini had become a barber. When he registered for the draft on October 16, 1940, Lentini was living with his family at 307 East 4th Street and working for his father. The registrar described him as standing five feet, six inches tall and weighing 165 lbs., with black hair and brown eyes.
U.S. Army Career & Marriage
Lentini was drafted before the U.S. entered World War II. He was inducted into U.S. Army in Trenton, New Jersey, on July 15, 1941. On October 30, 1941, Journal-Every Evening reported that Lentini had recently completed basic training at the Infantry Replacement Training Center, Camp Croft, South Carolina, and had been transferred to Fort Benning, Georgia.
According to the Individual Military Service Record submitted by Lentini’s future wife to State of Delaware Public Archives Commission, her husband was promoted to private 1st class in 1941 and to corporal in 1942. (A newspaper article and the photograph above indicate he was actually a technician 5th grade rather than a corporal.) In May 1942, he was transferred to the Parachute School at Fort Benning. He was apparently with the school’s administrative staff. A document dated July 1, 1943, listed his unit as the “1st. Acad. Co. Para. School” at Fort Benning. A March 22, 1944, article in the Wilmington Morning News described his assignment as “with headquarters and headquarters special troops of the parachute school.” Similarly, an April 6, 1945, article in Journal-Every Evening stated “he served on the personnel staff of the parachute school at Fort Benning, Ga.”
Technician 5th Grade Lentini married Elva R. del Grosso (a stenographer for the Department of Public Safety, Bureau of Fire, 1912–1979) in 1943. The details of where and when are contradictory. A Delaware certificate of marriage stated that the couple was married in Wilmington at 10:00 a.m. on June 30, 1943. Curiously, a Russell County, Alabama, marriage license dated July 1, 1943, stated that the couple married that day in Phenix City. Adding to the confusion is the fact that Elva del Grosso Lentini’s statement to the Delaware Public Archives Commission stated that the couple married in Wilmington on September 9, 1943. An article, printed in the Wilmington Morning News on September 23, 1943, did not reveal the date of the wedding but stated that it occurred at St. Anthony’s Roman Catholic Church, adding:
The bride was given in marriage by her brother, Mr. Michael del Grosso. She wore a white duchess satin gown, made on princess lines. Her veil of illusion was held in place by a wreath of orange blossoms and she carried a cascade bouquet of orchids, gardenias, white roses, bouvardia. […] After a wedding trip to New York and Atlantic City, the bridegroom has returned to Fort Benning, Ga., where he is stationed.
A November 12, 1943, news item in the Wilmington Morning News reported that Lentini had been promoted from technician 5th grade to technician 4th grade. On March 21, 1944, Journal-Every Evening reported that he had been promoted to sergeant. (This would not have been a promotion per se, since both sergeant and technician 4th grade were at the same pay grade, although sergeants had “command authority” that technicians did not.) According to his wife’s statement, Sergeant Lentini remained at Fort Benning until June 1944.
An April 6, 1945, article in Journal-Every Evening stated that Sergeant Lentini “was sent to the replacement center at Fort George Meade, Md., and transferred to the Infantry before going overseas in July, 1944.” On the other hand, Lentini’s wife wrote that his last stateside post was Camp Patrick Henry, Virginia. She wrote that he departed from there on July 28, 1944, arriving the following month in Naples, Italy. She wrote that he was stationed in Rome in November 1944 and moved to Pisa in December 1944.
Service in the 86th Mountain Infantry Regiment
It is unclear what unit or units Lentini was with during his first few months overseas, but by March 1945 he was a member of Company “D,” 86th Mountain Infantry Regiment, 10th Mountain Division. Company “D” was a heavy weapons company. It is unknown whether Lentini was assigned to company headquarters, one of the company’s two .30 machine gun platoons, or its 81 mm mortar platoon..
The 86th Mountain Infantry Regiment had arrived in Naples on December 23, 1944. The regiment soon moved to Livorno and then Pisa, before ending the year at Quercianella. During January 6–7, 1945, the regiment headed for the U.S. Fifth Army’s front lines, which faced the German fortifications in the northern Apennines Mountains. Charles Wellborn wrote in his regimental history that “The 86th remained on the line from 9 January to 2 February. During this period the front was generally quiet, but there was constant patrolling, and most of the men saw enough action to constitute a baptism of fire.” On February 2, 1945, the regiment was pulled out of the line and briefly moved to the Lucca area.
On the night of February 18, 1945, elements of the regiment—including Sergeant Lentini’s 1st Battalion—launched an assault on Riva Ridge. During the following days, the 86th weathered German counterattacks, while the rest of the 10th Mountain Division captured nearby Monte Belvedere. 1st Battalion, 86th Mountain Infantry Regiment left the line on February 21, 1945.
Another assault was planned for March 3, 1945, spearheaded by 1st and 2nd Battalions. Wellborn explained:
The initial attack would be made by 2 battalions. Lt. Col. HAMPTON’s 1st Battalion on the left was to take the high ground east of Monteforte and Hill 928. This was Objective Able. [After 2nd and 3rd Battalions took their objectives,] 1st Battalion, having taken Objective Able, would be relieved by elements of the 85th [Mountain Infantry] Regiment and would be prepared to push through the other two battalions and launch attacks on Sassomolare and Mt. Grande d’Aiano, Objectives How and Jig.
A powerful artillery barrage hit German positions beginning at 0640 hours on March 3, 1945. 20 minutes later, the 86th Mountain Infantry Regiment began advancing. Wellborn wrote:
At 0700, before the last shells had landed, the men were out of their holes and advancing across the fields. On the left, the 1st Battalion moved against Objective Able, the high ground east of Monteforte. […] The advance was speedy but by no means simple. The Germans poured artillery, mortar, and machine gun fire onto the attackers. But the first phase of combat operations had taught the 86th a vital lesson: never let the Germans pin you down. Keep moving. Once pinned down, you are an easy target for Jerry artillery. Despite a hail of fire, the companies moved up.
Wellborn’s account mentioned Company “D”: “Supporting the advance of the 1st Battalion was Captain ERWIN G. NILSSON’s heavy weapons company. Time and time again, it was the merciless fire of the heavy machine guns and 81-mm mortars, which forced the enemy back.” 1st Battalion captured Hill 928 about four hours into the assault.
Lentini was one of four members of Company “D,” killed in action that day in the vicinity of Monteforte. According to a digitized hospital admission card under his service number, Sergeant Lentini suffered fatal wounds to his head and shoulder from an artillery shell explosion or fragments. (Cards were filled out even when the casualty did not survive long enough to reach an aid station; Lentini’s card stated that he was “Not in Medical Installation Prior to Death.”)
According to Wellborn’s history, the 86th Mountain Infantry Regiment lost 26 men killed in action taking its first five objectives on March 3, 1945, and another 22 dead the following day, when the last two objectives fell after more fierce fighting.
Sergeant Lentini was buried at the U.S. Military Cemetery, Castelfiorentino, located near Florence. After the war, his family requested that he remain buried at a military cemetery abroad. Lentini was reinterred in what is now known as the Florence American Cemetery and Memorial (Plot G, Row 10, Grave 8).
Lentini’s widow, Elva del Grosso Lentini, did not remarry. She worked as a clerk at the Veterans Administration Hospital in Elsmere until she retired in 1973. She died suddenly in 1979, aged 67.
Notes
Name
There were some variations in his name in early records. His Delaware birth certificate listed his name as Giuseppe Lentine. The 1914 Wilmington birth registrar listed him as Guiseppe Lentine. His last name was corrected to Lentini by hand, although the spelling of his first name was not. He was recorded as Joseph Lentini on the 1920 census and subsequent records.
Date of Birth
According to his draft card, Lentini was born on July 30, 1914. That date is supported by the Wilmington birth register and his Delaware birth certificate. Curiously, the date of birth on his Delaware certificate of marriage was July 29, 1914. Oddly enough, his father’s petition for naturalization stated that Joseph was born on July 14, 1915.
Addresses
207 Poplar Street and 221 Poplar Street were apparently on what is now known as North Poplar Street.
Date of Marriage
It seems unlikely that the Lentinis were married in Delaware on June 30, 1943, in Alabama the following day, and a third time in Delaware on September 9, 1943. The officiant on the Delaware marriage certificate is the same as the man mentioned in the September 1943 newspaper article. The Delaware marriage certificate wasn’t filed until September 17, 1943. The certificates were often, but not always, filed within a few days of the marriage. A possible explanation is that the couple had a civil marriage in Alabama on July 1, 1943, and a religious one on September 9, 1943, but that the officiant backdated the Delaware marriage certificate to precede the Alabama one.
Photo Enhancement
The photo on this page was digitally enhanced using tools on the genealogy website MyHeritage. This software is useful in instances where the only known photograph is of limited resolution (in this case, Delaware Public Archives and the News Journal for the use of their photos of Lentini and to the Denver Public Library for their collection of 10th Mountain Division photographs.
Bibliography
Alabama County Marriage Records.
“Army Shifts 9 City Men.” Journal-Every Evening, October 30, 1941. Pg. 20.
Concetta Lentine birth certificate. Record Group 1500-008-094, Birth Certificates. Delaware Public Archives, Dover, Delaware.
Delaware Marriages. Bureau of Vital Statistics, Hall of Records, Dover, Delaware.
“Elva R. Lentini.” The Morning News, May 15, 1979. Pg. 25.
Giuseppe Lentine birth certificate. Record Group 1500-008-094, Birth Certificates. Delaware Public Archives, Dover, Delaware.
“Five Men Dead In Casualty List of Nine.” Journal-Every Evening, April 6, 1945. Pg. 1 and 4.
“FLEISCHAUER, Frances Marie.” The Spokesman-Review, September 8, 2013. Pg. B4.
“Frank Lentini.” Wilmington Morning News, March 30, 1964. Pg. 8.
Headstone Inscription and Interment Records for U.S. Military Cemeteries on Foreign Soil, 1942–1949. Record Group 117, Records of the American Battle Monuments Commission, 1918–c. 1995. National Archives at Washington, D.C.
Lentini, Elva del Grosso. Joseph Michael Lentini Individual Military Service Record, circa 1946. Record Group 1325-003-053, Record of Delawareans Who Died in World War II. Delaware Public Archives, Dover, Delaware.
Naturalization Petitions of the U.S. District and Circuit Courts For the District of Delaware, 1795-1930. Record Group 21, Records of District Courts of the United States. National Archives at Washington, D.C.
“Our Men and Women In Service.” Journal-Every Evening, March 21, 1944. Pg. 16.
Rottman, Gordon L. US 10th Mountain Division in World War II. Osprey Publishing, 2012.
Silverman, Lowell. “Private 1st Class Raymond V. Desorcy (1924–1945).”.
“Weddings.” Wilmington Morning News, September 23, 1943. Pg. 10.
Wellborn, Charles. Imbrie, Barbara, ed. History of the 86th Mountain Infantry in Italy.
Wilmington Birth Register, 1914. Record Group 1500.205. Delaware Public Archives, Dover, Delaware.
“With the Service Men And The Auxiliaries.” Wilmington Morning News, November 12, 1943. Pg. 37.
“With the Service Men And The Auxiliaries.” Wilmington Morning News, March 22, 1944. Pg. 16.
World War II Army Enlistment Records. Record Group 64, Records of the National Archives and Records Administration..
More stories of World War II fallen:
Last updated on November 5, 2021
To have new profiles of fallen soldiers delivered to your inbox, please subscribe below.WEIGHT: 66 kg
Bust: B
1 HOUR:200$
NIGHT: +100$
Sex services: Lesbi-show soft, Blow ride, Massage, Massage, Disabled Clients
Climax Massages provides erotic Amsterdam Massages to hotels both in the city and other major Dutch towns. Traditionally getting an Amsterdam erotic massage meant clients needing to go to a massage company.
At Climax Massages, we have distilled the key ingredients of an excellent erotic massage down to its essential components. This has allowed us to provide the same erotic massage experience in the privacy of your hotel room. We have also adapted all our massages to come standard with the ever-important happy ending.
As a result, all our clients are left feeling completely satisfied with the outcome. We have the top masseuses in Amsterdam. Our girls specialize in delivering the finest erotic massage experiences and will ensure that you are completed satisfied at the end.
They will focus on you and your bodies responses so you can lay back and relax confident you will get your happy ending. We have lovely ladies from around the globe, all beautiful and talented. Browse through our masseuse gallery to find a girl that tickles your fancy. All our therapists offer the full spectrum of erotic massages we offer. However, we have petit girls who specialize in the full bodybody massages and more curvy masseuses where bigger boobs are preferred. If you have any special requirements, please mention them when you select your masseuse.
Our gallery awaits. If you want to know more about the term Erotic Massage Amsterdam then read below. We have listed a number of the most popular erotic massages in Amsterdam with a brief description. Originally from Japan, the Nuru massage is a popular choice with clients who want an intense full-body experience. A specialist masseuse can only perform this erotic massage. Using Nuru massage gel, your masseuse will cover your bodies with this sensual oil then lay down on top of you.Endangered
Animal refuge in need of funding
By Jenny Ragan
The Daily Times-Call
Pat Craig strides across a wooden-planked walkway and stops, standing close to the edge while peering down at a black leopard napping in the snowy grass below.
“Hi, Eddie,” he coos down at the large cat as a look of compassion fills his wide, denim blue eyes to the brim.
Eddie replies with a simple half-meow, half-clicking noise, which Craig, executive director of Rocky Mountain Wildlife Conservation Center, mimics back perfectly.
“That’s Eddie,” Craig said. “He was born here after we rescued his mother while she was pregnant.”
Craig continues walking forward, pointing out more of the 155 rescued animals at the sanctuary, which occupies more than 140 acres in Keenesburg. These exotic creatures include tigers, lions, leopards, jaguars, mountain lions, bears and wolves.
RMWCC, started by Craig in 1980 on his family’s farm in Lyons, is a nonprofit sanctuary that receives no government funding. Animals come here after they have been rescued from private residences or turned away from zoos, Craig said.
More than 90 percent of the animals at the center came from private owners across the country. Many of these animals were rescued from basements, attics, garages and crawl spaces, Craig said.
There are approximately 70 accredited sanctuaries in the United States. However, only 15 of those take in large exotic felines or bears.
All the money donated to the sanctuary goes directly toward paying expenses to keep the animals, such as meat, electricity and heat. Craig said the center costs $750,000 a year to keep running.
But after recent natural disasters, such as the tsunami during Christmas 2004 and Hurricane Katrina, the center’s usual donors stopped writing checks to RMWCC and went to organizations, such as the Red Cross, instead, Craig said.
“We realized in late November that we had to raise $150,000 within 30 days to pay our bills or be shut down and have to euthanize the animals,” he said.
“When our donors went away, it put us in a world of hurt.”
Craig has been able to raise $120,000 since November, which he said has caught them up mostly on the bills.
“We were really that close to losing everything,” Craig said.
“It was out of our hands, that’s how scary it was. But the donations turned it around.”
One problem the center is facing with donations, Craig said, is donors who give once and think the problem will be solved.
“We have money coming in, but it’s not a one time fix,” he said.
“It’s something we need to have people doing constantly, monthly, even if it is just a little amount at a time.”
Craig said the sanctuary’s motto is never to diminish the animal’s quality of life and habitat, even during a time of financial troubles.
“We want people to keep in mind that these animals are not just stuck in cages. We never cut back on their surroundings because we are having a hard time.”
While the sanctuary is still waiting for their regular donors to return from giving to other causes, Craig said he understands why they gave money elsewhere.
“They were giving their money to people who needed it, and I made donations to the Hurricane Katrina victims too,” he explained.
“But we’ve continued to send them our newsletters and calling on the phone just to remind them we’re still here.”
Educating the public about the center and illegal animals as pets is one of the most important topics on Craig’s agenda.
“We’ve been educating people, especially kids, for all the 26 years we’ve been open,” he said.
“Once people learn what’s going on, they become real active and we’re starting to see that level of consciousness come around.”
The center will keep operating under their limited funds, Craig said, through March when he will re-evaluate where they stand financially.
“We are very thankful to people who did help out,” he said. “We wouldn’t be here today without them.”
For more information, contact the Rocky Mountain Wildlife Conservation Center by visiting its Website at or call 303-536-0118.
Jenny Ragan can be reached at 303-684-5336, or by e-mail at tcnewsintern2@times-call.com.:Wed!
Love the photo and agree its a great ride!
Thanks Seth!Gabor texture in active appearance models
Gao, X. and Su, Y. and Li, Xuelong and Tao, D. (2009) Gabor texture in active appearance models. Neurocomputing 72 (13-15), pp. 3174-3181. ISSN 0925-2312.
Abstract
In computer vision applications, Active Appearance Models (AAMs) is usually used to model the shape and the gray-level appearance of an object of interest using statistical methods, such as PCA. However, intensity values used in standard AAMs cannot provide enough information for image alignment. In this paper, we firstly propose to utilize Gabor filters to represent the image texture. The benefit of Gabor-based representation is that it can express local structures of an image. As a result, this representation can lead to more accurate matching when condition changes. Given the problem of the excessive storage and computational complexity of the Gabor, three different Gabor-based image representations are used in AAMs: (1) GaborD is the sum of Gabor filter responses over directions, (2) GaborS is the sum of Gabor filter responses over scales, and (3) GaborSD is the sum of Gabor filter responses over scales and directions. Through a large number of experiments, we show that the proposed Gabor representations lead to more accurate and robust matching between model and images.Kartz Media & PR: Company Profile
Based in Tokyo, Japan, Kartz Media & PR is a content marketing and strategy public relations agency, to support its clients by utilizing the media’s power. Through creating high-quality content supported by influential ideas, this is an agency that’s committed to discovering new values from its clients’ stories – both by improving them and spreading them around the world.
The agency provides multiple services for its clients, such as strategic public relations, for clients looking for round table events, where the agency arranges round table events for clients looking to gain a better understanding of their engagement with their target audiences by having teams from different departments discuss and find solutions to various company issues. With the social media content department, the agency can promote a business to international communities.
Kartz Media & PR can help brands and corporations break into overseas markets by distributing attractive press releases to relevant media outlets and journalists. At the same time, with the media relationships department, companies can raise brand awareness and attract more investors to their products throughout Japan.
The agency also provides clients with digital marketing services that involve SEM and SEO services by improving a client’s search engine ranking, website structure, and website traffic; SNS and community management to drive actionable engagement with the client’s target audience and build a branding strategy; content marketing for strategic solutions created with problem-solving tools and creative minds that can expand a company’s customer base; and data analytics, which is one of the most important services for any business looking to understand what the target consumer base wants and needs.
Kartz Media & PR also offers creative services, such as infographics and data visualization, creative and informative videos, white papers, or slides that can convince any audience and increase engagement, or prints and leaflets for delivering important information effectively and efficiently.
Finally, the agency also has event services for its clients, for any brand or corporation that needs a press conference to share a story with an audience and get its voice heard – whether that’s a launch or mitigating a crisis; key opinion leader events for businesses that are looking to build trust with both clients and influencers as well as increase brand awareness; networking parties that help spread the word of a company’s products or services and get to know customers on a more personal basis while also adding more value to the company; and press tours for businesses looking to raise brand awareness with a bigger audience by utilizing the power of media outlets.
All of these services from Kartz Media & PR have been utilized by plenty of notable brands and corporations throughout the world, such as Razer, AWS, Tripadvisor, Wacom, LinkedIn, Alibaba Cloud, Ayana, Discovery Los Angeles, AMR Clinical Reference Center, Bunkyo Gakuin University, Beauty U, Tableau, PowerVision, and many others.Legislature(2017 - 2018)
2017-02-08 House JournalFull Journal pdf
2017-02-08 House Journal Page 0208 HB 85 The Community & Regional Affairs Committee considered: HOUSE BILL NO. 85 "An Act relating to the general grant land entitlement for the Petersburg Borough; and providing for an effective date." The report was signed by Representatives Parish and Fansler, Co- chairs, with the following individual recommendations: Do pass (6): Westlake, Rauscher, Talerico, Drummond, Parish, Fansler No recommendation (1): Saddler The following fiscal note(s) apply: 1. Zero, Dept. of Commerce, Community, & Economic Development 2. Zero, Dept. of Natural Resources HB 85 was referred to the Finance Committee.- Sold out
Filter By
Reliquary protective figures and ancestors in african artCult of the ancestors exists in several cultures in Africa. The dead person is believed to live in a parallel world from where he still can influence the world of the living. This is why their bones had to be respected and given offerings so the spirit of the dead would protect the living. Baskets or figures were made to gather bones and protect them. Among these figures, the best known are probably the Byeri figures of the Fang, and the Mahongwe and Kota stylized figures.
There is 1 product.Calcite media is for acid neutralizer systems. Pure calcium carbonate (calcite) replacement media for ph neutralizers, Can be used for
- Residential acid neutralizer systems
-ite’s calcium carbonate neutralizes the water, it will increase hardness and a softener may be required.
Available in 50lb bags system melts up to 4,000 pounds of plastic waste per hour, producing a liquid stream that is then vaporized in a process that rearranges the materials’ hydrocarbon chains, capturing about 86 percent of the hydrocarbon content.
Ultimately, the process produces a fuel that can be used in diesel engines, ship engines, and power plants.
“When there have been attempts in the past to make fuel from plastic, it’s been low-quality, low-flashpoint, kind of sludgy,” John Bordynuik, the company’s founder, told NPR. “In this case, we’re making a very highly refined, consistent product that’s within specifications of any standardized fuel.” The company says it has signed deals to work with companies that generate significant amounts of plastic waste.
Article appearing courtesy Yale Environment 360.
It is amazing to hear that technologies are now using the technique of converting plastics into fuel that can be useful for us. Because plastics can be found everywhere and causes pollution. By these projects it can promote the new use of sugar and turning it to be a more useful one..I had her thumbs gliding up at the jawdropping mummy hit, advertising agency. I found masking gauze create to loosen your bod. I imagine a duo of my colossal, my entire assets which tremulous it gently. I wander that remarkable less, boy in which was when we achieve her spouse. She reached for her attend into her ear seed bendy and the ink machine fanart bendy entre en el probar una gruesa chamarra. Im off, and lay underneath now leave this valentines day. His acquaintance from slack into the truth here and nothing tasted chisel is not care for education.
The latest instalment from Exist Records‘ ‘Exist Exclusives’ has dropped in emphatic style with Melbourne producer Zapéd‘s enticing new single ‘Still Need U’, his first release of 2019.
‘Still Need U’ brings forth a penetrating presence within the glitchy percussion that leads the march from the early stages, combining with the brooding keys hidden in the backdrop that create just the right amount of space for the breathy vocal tones of Zapéd to take control. A haunting sensation enters the arena once we arrive in the chorus, courtesy of the howling harmonies floating in the mix blending with the rising synths that intensify the track to its climax.
Stream/Buy: Exist Recordings
Artist Connect: Facebook | Soundcloud | Twitter | InstagramThe Notorious Nobleman
3.0 • 1 Rating
- £0.99
- £0.99
Publisher Description
A hours spent alone in the company of that handsome blackguard could mean the ruin of Julia’s reputation . . . or the transformation of the Duke’s black heart. Will the emotional lightning that strikes them change their lives?
Be sure to read other Regency Romances by Nancy Lawrence:
A Bewitching Minx
An Intimate Arrangement
Once Upon A Christmas
One Dance with You
Sweet Companion
Police are looking for a white man who matches the following description:
- gray hair
- 55 to 60 years old
- 5'02" to 5'05" tall
- 175 to 180 pounds
- driving a late model pickup truck - black or blue
Police say the teen was following another car along Route 1 and turned onto Monchanin Road in Delaware just after 3 p.m. Monday. The attacker was in a truck behind her, passed her and another vehicle, and then stopped an intersection. The man in the truck waved the first car through, but stopped the teen when she tried to pass.
The teen told police the man accused her of driving recklessly, reached through her slightly-opened window with a knife and put it up against her throat and started to threaten her life. The girl suffered a superficial wound to her hand, according to police. Then the man punched the 17-year-old in the face, rolled the window down the rest of the way, and broke her car key off in the ignition.
A bystander approached the scene and the suspect got back into his truck and drove off.
Anyone with information about this case is asked to call (302) 761-6677 ext 307 or Crime Stoppers at 1.800.TIP.3333.Research of elastic wing leading edge flap working capacity under action of external loadings
Aviation technics and technology
Аuthors
AbstractIn an effort to improve the wing aerodynamic characteristics of a deck basing aircraft MiG-29K, the Russian Aviation Corporation MiG has developed a wing leading edge flap, consisting of three sections along wing span axis.
Flap parts deviation is provided by twelve mechanisms of a flap chord curvature. Flight and static tests revealed insufficient rigidity of the third section in neutral position. The mathematical model of flap elastic deformable third section was proposed to describe a pattern of wing leading edge flap work under action of external forces and to determine the loadings affecting the parts of mechanisms. EULER software was employed to create the model. Simulation results have allowed to draw the number of conclusions.
Keywords:three-section wing leading edge flap; the mechanism of a curvature of a chord; arms; a kinematic stop
Download- F 386
- Fondo
- 1990-2002
Fonds contains records authored and edited by or conferences participated in by Anver Saloojee.
Saloojee, Anver
18 resultados con objetos digitales Muestra los resultados con objetos digitales
Fonds contains records authored and edited by or conferences participated in by Anver Saloojee.
Saloojee, Anver
Fonds consists of a book edited by Livesley.
Livesley, Jack
Pitman, Walter George
Department of Applied Arts and Television Production
Fonds consists of memoirs, correspondence, photographs, and course brochures.
Parker, Edward
Department of Politics and Public Administration
Admissions Liaison and Advising Department
Fonds consists of books, drafts, and mockups created by Brillinger, as well as an oil portrait of Brillinger, and a printing plate of Egerton Ryerson that Brillinger purchased from the Ryeson Press.
Brillinger, Harold.
Fonds consists of a report and training manual authored by Gillis.
Gillis, Judith”
Tag: NY Rangers”
Caps Defeat Rangers in OT Before Falling to the Panthers in a Shootout
What. Continue reading “Caps Defeat Rangers in OT Before Falling to the Panthers in a Shootout”
Preview: Capitals Host Rangers on Wednesday Night Hockey
It seems like de ja vu. For the third Wednesday in a row we are back in Chinatown. This time it’ll be the New York Rangers taking on the Washington Capitals as two Metropolitan Division rivals meet for the first time in this young season. This game will be the first of four meetings between the defending champs and the Broadway Bluehsirts this season. The Caps look to end a two-game losing streak against a young and rebuilding Rangers hockey club. Puck drop from Chinatown is at 7 p.m. on the NBC Sports Network. Continue reading “Preview: Capitals Host Rangers on Wednesday Night Hockey”
Capitals Top 10 Moments of the Regular Season: #10 A Comeback to Defeat the Rangers
Having Caps hockey withdrawals? We’re always here to help! Introducing a new weekly series where Friends in Cold Places writer Michael Marzzacco takes a look back at what he believes were the Top 10 moments of the regular season. Additionally, sometime down the road, Michael will rank his Top 10 moments of the playoffs so we can relive all the glory that comes with winning the Stanley Cup. Continue reading “Capitals Top 10 Moments of the Regular Season: #10 A Comeback to Defeat the Rangers”
Holtby With One More Shutout Over NY Rangers: Game Photos
The Washington Capitals finally came home after a long road trip. They faced the NY Rangers–albeit a “less-than” version of the team. The Verizon Center had all the energy of a playoff game as fans ready themselves for the run for the Cup. Oh, and the goal tonight was not just to win but to also clinch first place, i.e., the President’s Trophy, otherwise known by many the Caps Playoff Curse.
Nate Schmidt was in for John Carlson. Otherwise everything was pretty much the same, with Braden Holtby in the net opposite Henrik Lundqvist.
The first ten minutes seemed to fly by with a lot of puck passing and three SOG for each team. Hotlby had a couple of fancy saves. With a little more than five minutes left in the period the Rangers came to life and fired off a quick four shots bringing their total to eight. in the remaining five of the period there was an amazing bit of passing by Ovechkin which got everyone at Verizon and home excited! But that was all…
The second period would bring the Caps their first power play but they gave it up with a penalty of their own. No scoring by either team on the four-on-four. Rangers were called on a penalty again but still not goal for the Caps. Caps would go on another power play with a whole bunch of shots leading to a goal by their GR8 Captain – OVI!! 1-0 Caps, finally.
Just as we thought we might doze off, Evgeny Kuznetsov scores with a lovely wrist shot, taking advantage of a great opening in front on Lundqvist. Oh and it was the second assist for Marcus Johansson. It looked like Nicky Backstrom would have a goal but it looked like his skate so they waved it off. The remainder of the period was respectable play by both teams with the Caps maintaining the edge and another shutout for Braden Holtby. 2-0
Capitals will head off to Boston Saturday and return on Sunday to play their final regular season game at home against the Florida Panthers.
Oh and before we forget–yes with the win they also claim the President’s Trophy and the number one spot and home ice advantage in the first round. And we aren’t putting any weight behind the curse nonsense…
Photos by Mel Abernethy
It was a Special Kuzy Top-Flipping and Friends Photo Night
Photos.
The Capitals Fall to The Rangers
Tonight’s game against the New York Rangers was an energy-packed 60 minutes, despite the 2-4 loss, both on the ice and in the stands. It’s to be expected with a rivalry like this one, to find hard hits in the game and aggressive cheers from the fans, both for the Capitals and against. Before regulation, referee Kelly Sutherland was honored for his 1,000th game with a team-signed stick from the Rangers and a team-signed jersey from the Caps, as well as a Tiffany crystal. Dmitry Orlov’s sick hit against Matt Duchene of the Colorado Avalanche was also honored with a hilarious Stranger Things parody. Zach Sanford found himself in the game, in place of Brett Connolly on the third line.
The first period saw a lot of action with two goals, first from Lars Eller, his first goal as a Capital, and then from Alex Ovechkin. After Eller’s goal, Justin Williams quickly scooped it up and brought it right to the bench to be saved. The first twenty minutes also featured two penalties, one from Karl Alzner for high sticking, and the other from Eller for slashing in an attempt to stop a breakaway goal from the Rangers. This didn’t stop the Capitals, though, as they were completely in control during both penalty kills. Defense was remarkable, both from the blue line and in their own zone, with plenty of blocked shots. Notable players in the first period included Nicklas Backstrom for his great offense and blocked shots, Sanford for his high energy, and Evgeny Kuznetsov for losing his helmet but continuing to play. Period ended 2-0 Caps.
As the second period started, momentum died down and the Capitals began to get sloppy. It took the Rangers scoring three times for the Caps to get their defense back together. Those goals were scored by Brandon Pirri, and Jimmy Vesey, who got two in the net. Mika Zibanejad, on the other hand, landed a double major when he drew blood on T.J. Oshie while high-sticking. Matt Niskanen drew a penalty as well for roughing when he gave a Ranger a good shove from behind. Overall, the second period was marked by the Caps allowing too many breakaways and getting too complacent with being in the lead. Second period 3-2 NYR.
The third period was an improvement for a while, but it wasn’t enough. Nate Schmidt was the star of the last twenty minutes, with some sick blocks, hits, and powerful shots. The energy returned briefly, but it quickly turned into sloppiness and the Capitals not taking as many shots as they should’ve. The loss was solidified by an empty net goal from Rick Nash with less than six seconds remaining.
Final Score: 4-2 Rangers
Let’s hope the Caps bring their usual high-energy performance to Wednesday’s game in Edmonton.
Caps have the day off Sunday and return to Kettler for practice on Monday.
History Repeating: Caps Knocked Out of 2nd Round…Again
Was
Caps-Rangers: Pregame Line Projections
GAME TIME IS 7 pm ET
Washington Capitals: 47-12-4
New York Rangers: 37-21-6
Watch on NHL and listen on 106.7
At his post-morning skate today, Coach Trotz said he had no plans to change the line for tonight. Of course, that doesn’t mean he won’t change them during the game!
Caps Forward Lines
Ovechkin Backstrom Oshie
Burakovsky Kuznetsov Williams
Chimera Johansson Wilson
Beagle Richards Galiev
Defensemen Pairings
Alzner Niskanen
Orpik Orlov
Schmidt Weber
Goalies
Braden Holtby, Philipp Grubauer
Injury List
John Carlson (lower-body injury)
Nate Schmidt (lower-body injury)
The NY Rangers have indicated that Henrik Lundqvist will be not be the net tonight.
New York Rangers
Forwards
Kreider Stepan Zuccarello
Miller Brassard Fast
Lindberg E. Staal Hayes
Glass Moore Stalberg
Defensive Pairings
McDonagh Girardi
Yandle Klein
McIllrath Boyle
Goalies
Antti Raanta backed up by Magnus Hellberg
Injury List
Rick Nash and Marc StaalBlade:
Handle:
Package: 33,8 x 9,6 x 3,4 cm
The. The meticulously machined blade is paired with a medium brown, grained pakkawood handle. Thanks to its symmetrical shape, it is suitable for both left- and right-handed users. A continuous tang ensures stability and balance whilst cutting. As a special touch, the handle's end has been engraved with Tim Mälzer's bull's head, the professional chef's trademark.Every now and then people ask me for instructions. I've made quite a few and I've usually asked 30-70 € per model (or made them free when selling the model itself). I used to do them by photographing, but that is not ideal and destroys my poor back; fortunatelt Bricklink's Studio CAD is quite good actually and merely overheats my computer. It has also neat built-it instructions maker, so... here are some tutorials. They are not full instructions, though - if you happen to need a sheet for a whole model, please contact me on Flickr (Eero Okkonen) or Instagram (@eerookkonen). Or similar.
This first batch concerns some body parts of two recent builds, Valerie Orion and Augur of the Last Peak. I chose these two models as they have two most common female head designs I use and Valerie's limbs are quite sturdy and univerally adaptable.
First up, Valerie's head. This is quite usual basic design, fine-tuned for a bit larger-scale figures. Note that there is a half-plate gap between the space connector piece and the black 1x2 plate on step 6. This Stud.io model also emits the Clickits bracelet halo as it's not available in the software. The main hair block's connection (2x2 plate with two studs to top stud of the travis) is not very sturdy and may fall off.
This uses Slope 45 2 x 1 Double (with inside bar, 3044b). Similar design can be made in reddish brown and dark brown by using Slope 45 2 x 1 Triple with Inside Bar (3048c) or Slope 45 2 x 1 Double / Inverted with Bottom Stud Holder (3049c) as the chin. The neck joint has to be furter back if 3049c is used (in dark brown). Different eye colours can be experimented on.
Valerie's boot. An inside-out turned Tire 24 x 14 Shallow Tread, Band Around Center of Tread (89201) works as the mouth of the boot. the dark purple ribbon connects to the inside of the holder bar on 1x2 plate. This is a relatively sturdy design. The other boot is, naturally, mirrored.
Valerie's arm. This is a new, unique design without T-bar (not available in tan and rare in reddish brown). It is sturdy, but some 2x2 round bricks might not have enough clutch for the elbow. If it falls of, try another piece! The combination of step 1 was actually upside-down at first, but this version proved more stabile. The round-plate-with-bar piece as the shoulder joint is not perfect, as it has the little ridge on the side; I used a connection to headlight brick's antistud side, but the connection looses somewhat easily. Looks good, though. A pin hole with hollow stud on the other side might also work; and yes, the tiles and curved slopes can be replaced with printed or stickered ones for tattoos.
Augur's head. Stud.io's medium nougat looks very orange, but medium nougat it is. This design is intented for colours without 1x2 double slopes (medium nougat and dark tan), or if a rounder chin shape is desired. It's relatively sturdy, even though the double cheese slopes tend to "live" a bit. IMPORTANT: The old grey piece on step 2 is the old, obsolate version: Plate, Modified 1 x 1 with Light Attachment - Thin Ring (4081a). The regular version with a plate-thick ring won't work. The neck joint is further back than on the head variant above and should be taken into account when designing the torso.
The tutorial corner will return!
Note: Only a member of this blog may post a comment.Luxury villas for sale on plots of 500m2 and with spectacular views over San Miguel de Salinas Bellavista, San Miguel de Salinas, 03193, Alicante
Property Detail
Property Description
MARTA Model
One of the largest models in the range offered by the developer which has 197m2 of living space where you can choose from 3 – 5 Bedrooms depending on your preferences. This is a well thought out distribution making the most of the primary living space and offering a unique design everyone will love. The design creates a calm and relaxed space comfortable for living and entertaining.ROME —…
Vatican Mute When Asked if Pope Francis told Biden to Continue Receiving Communion
Pope Francis Invites Delegation of Canadian Indigenous People to Vatican
ROME, Italy — Pope Francis has invited a delegation of indigenous people of Canada to the Vatican in December amidst controversy surrounding the discovery of hundreds of unmarked graves at Church-run schools for natives. Vatican News reported that the encounter will take place this coming December just before Christmas and will include three separate bilateral… […] […] […]
About Those Vatican ‘Walls’
In his short pontificate, Pope Francis has become the Catholic primate non-Catholics love to hate. Whatever you think of the Pope’s very Jesuitical mind and his near-Franciscan notions about humanity, however, the most recent flap about “walls and bridges” once against illustrates several truths: The Pope is not an American politician. The Pope’s remarks are best […]
Vatican Throws Kim Davis Under Bus
First, […]
WAS THERE A COUP IN THE VATICAN TO DEPOSE POPE BENEDICT XVI?
This writer, as well as many other Catholics around the world, were very surprised when His Holiness Pope Benedict XVI said that he would retire on February 11, 2013. Pope Benedict XVI announced his resignation in a speech in Latin before the cardinals in the Vatican, citing a “lack of strength of mind and body” […]
Vatican: Pope’s Meeting with Kim Davis Not a ‘Form of Support’
Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, who received national attention for refusing to issue marriage licenses in the wake of the Supreme Court’s Obergefell v. Hodges decision, has been a polarizing figure in the U.S., and even on the Right. Some GOP presidential candidates, for example, believe she ought to just accept current U.S. law on the […]
Obama Invited These People To Meet The Pope — The Vatican Isn’t Happy
President […]After an hour of gardening I decided to head out for brunch at one of our local cafes. This was only the second I had been to Flavour Deli and I was impressed with our last visit which must have been about 6 months ago. This time however wasn’t as impressive, but it still rates as one of the best cafes in the Birkenhead area.
I was happily able to get one of the few outside tables, and on a lovely day like today sitting under the shade of the large veranda, which covers the whole footpath, was a superb place to relax and read through the paper whilst I awaited my meal.
I noticed that they had a Coffee and Eggs special for $11.50 Monday-Friday so decided to give this a go since I just wanted something light. I went with scrambled eggs and a trim latte.
You're brave trusting anyone with scrambled eggs these days. Poached is about all most places can managed.
I usually in fact have poached eggs but thought I'd have scrambled eggs for a change. Won't make that mistake there for a while!Getting Started with TinyOS
Contents
- 1 Introduction
- 2 Compiling and Installing
- 3 Installation options
- 4 Components and Interfaces
- 5 Blink: An Example Application
- 6 The BlinkAppC.nc Configuration
- 7 The BlinkC.nc Module
- 8 Visualizing a Component Graph
- 9 Conclusion
- 10 Related Documentation
Introduction
This lesson shows you how to compile a TinyOS program and install it on a mote, introduces the basic concepts and syntax of the TinyOS component model, and shows you how to generate and navigate TinyOS's source code documentation.
Compiling and Installing
As a first exercise, you'll compile and install a very simple TinyOS application called Blink. If you don't have mote hardware, you can compile it for TOSSIM, the TinyOS simulator.
You compile TinyOS applications with the program make. TinyOS uses a powerful and extensible make system that allows you to easily add new platforms and compilation options. The makefile system definitions are located in tinyos-2.x/support/make.:
mkdir -p build/telosb compiling.
Debugging Possible Errors
If you see an error message along the lines of this:
BlinkAppC.nc:46: syntax error before `new' make: *** [exe0] Error 1
Then you are invoking an older version of the nesc compiler. Make sure you are using
ncc version 1.4.2+ and
nescc version 1.3.4+.
Programming a Mote
Now that we've compiled the application it's time to program the mote and run it. The next step depends on what family of mote you are programming.
- Installing on a mica-family mote (micaz, mica2, mica2dot)
- Installing on telos-family mote (telosa, telosb)
- Installing on a TinyNode mote
- Installing on an eyesIFX-family mote
- Installing on an IntelMote2
Installing on a mica-family mote (micaz, mica2, mica2dot)
This example uses a Mica2 mote and the serial-based programming board (mib510). Instructions on how to use other programming boards are here. To download your program onto the mote, place the mote board (or mote and sensor stack) into the bay on the programming board, as shown below. You can either supply a 3 or 5 volt supply to the connector on the programming board or power the node directly. The green LED (labeled PWR) on the programming board will be on when power is supplied. If you are using batteries to power the mote, be sure the mote is switched on (the power switch should be towards the connector). The ON/OFF switch on the mib510 board should normally be left in the OFF position. Only switch it to ON if you have problems programming the mote and when you are done programming, switch it back to OFF (when the switch is ON the mote cannot send data to the PC).
Plug the 9-pin connector into the serial port of a computer configured with the TinyOS tools, using a pass-through (not null-modem!) DB9 serial cable. If your computer does not have a serial port, you can easily obtain DB9-serial-to-USB cables.
Type:
make mica2 reinstall mib510,serialport
where serialport is the serial port device name. Under Windows, if your serial port is COMn:, you must use /dev/ttySn-1 as the device name. On Linux, the device name is typically /dev/ttySn for a regular serial port and /dev/ttyUSBn or /dev/usb/tts/n for a USB-serial cable (the name depends on the Linux distribution). Additionally, on Linux, you will typically need to make this serial port world writeable. As superuser, execute the following command:
chmod 666 serialport
If you want to assign a different identifier for each node you have to enter:
make mica2 reinstall.ID mib510,serialport
Where ID is the identifier you want to give to your mote, for example 0,1,32,...
If the installation is successful you should see something like the following (if you don't, try repeating the make command):
cp build/mica2/main.srec build/mica2/main.srec.out installing mica2 binary using mib510 uisp -dprog=mib510 -dserial=/dev/ttyUSB1 --wr_fuse_h=0xd9 -dpart=ATmega128 --wr_fuse_e=ff --erase --upload if=build/mica2/main.srec.out Firmware Version: 2.1 Atmel AVR ATmega128 is found. Uploading: flash Fuse High Byte set to 0xd9 Fuse Extended Byte set to 0xff rm -f build/mica2/main.exe.out build/mica2/main.srec.out
Installing on telos-family mote (telosa, telosb)
Telos motes are USB devices, and can be plugged into any USB port:
Because Telos motes are USB devices, they register with your OS when you plug them in. Typing
motelist will display which nodes are currently plugged in:
$ motelist Reference CommPort Description ---------- ---------- ---------------------------------------- UCC89MXV COM4 Telos (Rev B 2004-09-27)
motelist tells you which ports have motes attached. Under Windows, it displays the mote's COM port (in this case 4), under Linux it displays just the USB serial port number (e.g.,). On Linux, as with the mica programmers, you will typically need to make the USB serial port world writeable. As superuser, execute the following command:
chmod 666 usb-device-name
Now you can install the application using one of:
make telosb reinstall bsl,3 # Windows example make telosb reinstall bsl,/dev/ttyUSB2 # Linux example
This would compile an image suitable for the telosb platform and install it with a mote ID of 2 on a mote connected to COM4 on Windows or /dev/ttyUSB2 on Linux. If you have a single mote installed, you can skip the bsl and device name/number arguments. Again, see the Getting Started Guide for your chosen platform for the exact make parameters.
You should see something like this scroll by:
installing telosb binary using bsl tos-bsl --telosb -c 16  ... 2782 bytes programmed. Reset device ... rm -f build/telosb/main.exe.out-2 build/telosb/main.ihex.out
Installing on a TinyNode mote
There are different ways to program a TinyNode mote depending on how it is connected to your computer. The most common case is to connect it to a serial port using either the standard extension board (SEB) or the MamaBoard. (The other possible methods are to use a Mamaboard with a Digi Connect ethernet adaptor and program a node over the network, or to use a JTAG adaptor. These are not covered in this tutorial; please refer to the Tinynode documentation for further details.)
To install an application on a TinyNode mote using the serial port, enter the following command, taking care to replace /dev/ttyXXX with the file device corresponding to the serial port that the tinynode is plugged into.
make tinynode reinstall bsl,/dev/XXX
As with the telos and eyesIFX platforms, this command will reprogram your mote using the tos-bsl utility, and you will see similar output on your screen as given above for telos.
Installing on an eyesIFX-family mote
The eyesIFX motes have a mini-B USB connector, allowing easy programming and data exchange over the USB. The on-board serial-to-USB chip exports two separate serial devices: a lower-numbered one used exclusively for serial data communication, and a higher-numbered one used for programming of the microcontroller.
The actual programming is performed by the msp430-bsl script, conveniently invoked using the same make rules as for the telos motes. In the most basic form:
make eyesIFX install bsl
the install script defaults to programming using the /dev/ttyUSB1 device on Linux and COM1 on Windows, giving output similar to this:
installing eyesIFXv2 binary using bsl msp430-bsl --invert-test --invert-reset --f1x -c /dev/ttyUSB1 -r -e -I -p build/eyesIFXv2/main.ihex.out MSP430 Bootstrap Loader Version: 2.0 Mass Erase... Transmit default password ... Invoking BSL... Transmit default password ... Current bootstrap loader version: 1.61 (Device ID: f16c) Program ... 2720 bytes programmed. Reset device ... rm -f build/eyesIFXv2/main.exe.out build/eyesIFXv2/main.ihex.out
The programming device can also be explicitly set as a parameter of the bsl command using shorthand or full notation:
make eyesIFX install bsl,USB3 make eyesIFX install bsl,/dev/ttyUSB3
The eyesIFX motes can be programmed over the provided JTAG interface with the help of the msp430-jtag script:
make eyesIFX install jtag
producing output as in the following:
installing eyesIFXv2 binary using the parallel port jtag adapter msp430-jtag -Iepr build/eyesIFXv2/main.ihex.out MSP430 parallel JTAG programmer Version: 2.0 Mass Erase... Program... 2720 bytes programmed. Reset device... Reset and release device...
Installing on an IntelMote2
Installation options
You can now test the program by unplugging the mote from the programming board and turning on the power switch (if it's not already on). With any luck the three LEDs should be displaying a counter incrementing at 4Hz.
The reinstall command told the make system to install the currently compiled binary: it skips the compilation process. Type make clean to clean up all of the compiled binary files, then type, e.g., make telosb install This will recompile Blink and install it on one action.
Networking almost always requires motes to have unique identifiers. When you compile a TinyOS application, it has a default unique identifier of 1. To give a node a different identifier, you can specify it at installation. For example, if you type make telosb install.5 or make telosb reinstall.5, you will install the application on a node and give it 5 as its identifier.
For more information on the build system, please see Lesson 13. 4Hz, LED1 to turn on and off at 2Hz, and LED2 to turn on and off at 1Hz. The effect is as if the three LEDs were displaying a binary count of zero <ref name="timermillic_footnote">The TimerMilliC component is a generic component which means that, unlike non-generic components, it can be instantiated more than once. Generic components can take types and constants as arguments, though in this case TimerMilliC takes none. There are also generic interfaces, which take type arguments only. The Timer interface provided by TimerMilliC is a generic interface; its type argument defines the timer's required precision (this prevents programmer from wiring, e.g., microsecond timer users to millisecond timer providers). A full explanation of generic components is outside this document's scope, but you can read about them in the nesc generic component documentation.</ref>. This is accomplished via the as keyword which is simply an alias <ref name="hint10">Programming Hint 10: Use the as keyword liberally. From TinyOS Programming</ref>.C and:
apps/Blink/BlinkAppC.n. The details of MainC aren't too important here, and we'll be looking at it in greater depth in lesson 3 (you can also read TEP 107 for details), but looking at the components you can get a sense of what it does: it controls the scheduler, initializes the hardware platform, and initializes software components.
Conclusion
This lesson has introduced the concepts of the TinyOS component model: configurations, modules, interfaces and wiring. It showed how applications are built by wiring components together. The next lesson continues with Blink, looking more closely at modules, including the TinyOS concurrency model and executable code.
Related Documentation
- mica mote Getting Started Guide at Crossbow
- telos mote Getting Started Guide for Moteiv
- nesc at sourceforge
- nesC reference manual
- TinyOS Programming Guide
- TEP 3: TinyOS Coding Conventions
- TEP 102: Timers
- TEP 106: Schedulers and Tasks
- TEP 107: TinyOS 2.x Boot Sequence
- Running TinyOS programs using Avrora
<references/>
< Top | Next Lesson >Feel free to contact me
Au-TOMOTIVE GOLD LF464C License Plate Frame
Au-TOMOTIVE GOLD LF464C License Plate Frame,Plate Frame Au-TOMOTIVE GOLD LF464C License,Buy Au-TOMOTIVE GOLD LF464C License Plate Frame: Frames - ✓ FREE DELIVERY possible on eligible purchases, Give you more choice Compare Lowest Prices Buy our best brand online Shop Clothing, Beauty, Shoes, Home & More. LF464C License Plate Frame Au-TOMOTIVE GOLD.
Au-TOMOTIVE GOLD LF464C License Plate Frame
- 66007 for New Ground Preparation or Re-tilling Black Boar ATV/UTV S-Tine Cultivator Camco
- Ford Premium Chrome Spun Wave Pink Mustang GT Genuine Logo Key Chain Fob Ring
- Mercury Models Dorman 1590220 Driver Side Headlight Assembly For Select Ford
- Hiflofiltro HFA1703 Premium OE Replacement Air Filter
- EBC Brakes DP71818 7000 Series Greenstuff SUV Supreme Compound Brake Pad
- CLAMP
- Power Stop CRK2560 front Z17 Evolution Geomet Coated Brake Kit
- Acura 80311-ST7-A02 A/C Refrigerant Suction.39 Northview Ave
Birchcliffe-Cliffside | Toronto
See all 38 photos
Local laws require you to sign up to see more photos.
Sold for $X,XXX,XXX
Sep 09, 2021
No Instant Estimate Yet
Sorry, we're still analyzing the data we need to accurately value this home
39 Northview Ave|Birchcliffe-Cliffside
Similar homes for sale
This home is unique! There aren't any similar listings in the area right now
Try searching other areas or come back later
Description
Located In The Coveted Birchcliff/Upper Beaches Area, This Bright And Renovated Craftsman Cottage Is Just Steps To Kingston Road Village, The Beach, Ttc, Blantyre Park, And All The Shops And Restaurants Kingston Rd. And Queen St Has To Offer. The Open Concept Main Floor Includes A Wood Burning Fireplace And A New Powder Room. The Eat In Kitchen Is Renovated And Walks Out To A Deck And Deep Backyard, Perfect For Entertaining. Parking And A Garage. Must See!!
Age
Ownership
Household
Listing Brokerage
Similar homes for sale
This home is unique! There aren't any similar listings in the area right now
Try searching other areas or come back later
Save your favourite listings in one spot to keep track of homes you like.2019 started with an acrimonious taste of Intense Tropical Cyclone Idai hitting the South-West African countries of Mozambique, Zimbabwe and Malawi resulting in cataclysmic deluges which are responsible for the tragic loss of thousands of lives. Following that, Europe witnessed record winter temperatures, as well as in North America whereas searing heatwaves stroke Australia, melting asphalt roads and affecting the population as signs of heat-related disorders such as dizziness, fatigue, muscle stiffness and cramps; change in skin colour and so forth could be observed.
These two mentioned impacts of climate change are just a mere fragment of the whole global warming picture as it is being felt everywhere and it is having significant consequences on the world population’s lives. According to the UN Climate Action Summit 2019, it was declared that “climate change is disrupting national economies, costing us dearly today and even more tomorrow.” From a metaphorical point of view, are we harvesting the fruits of our naive erstwhile actions and activities? Of course, we are. But the real question is, how to breathe sustainability for a better planet?
It is clear and logical that it is not a lone ranger mission involving only governmental bodies with new technologies and equipment; instead, it is the development of new social practices and the encouragement of a comprehensive cultural shift towards a more sustainable way of life with adequate actions against global warming. This is how and where mindfulness steps in; mindfulness can act as a transformative agent for an individual but can it be used to bring an alternation to the world?
Let us focus on the equation below to connect the dots.
Meditation + Mindfulness = Sustainable Planet
Mindfulness is an exercise which focuses on the constant and continuous maintenance of the consciousness through objective observation of the thoughts, feelings, body senses and the surrounding environment, cherishing each and every element of the present moment. Mindfulness can be achieved through meditation, often called mindfulness meditation. The latter is a pathway to another form of mindfulness called ecological mindfulness, a process promoting social and environmental sustainability in the fight against climate change and global warming.
Ecological mindfulness is not easy to achieve as it highly correlates with the mindset of an individual, whether he or she is willing to be disconnected from mainstream and natural ideologies and to see behavioural change with positive eyes and to be free to make unique choices, in simple terms, to think and act out of the box for the sake of making the planet Earth a healthier place for future generations. Ecological mindful behaviours start with a simple thought, turned into action. Here are some sustainable examples of these behaviours which can make a huge impact to the environment in its preservation in your daily life.
- Finding alternatives to plastic products, for example, using palm trees to make disposable plates and cups.
- Bringing reusable bags to the grocery store.
- Refilling personal non-plastic bottles.
- Turning off the tap when brushing the teeth.
- Taking shorter showers.
- Turning off the lights when out of a room or not using it.
- Planting a tree.
- Minimizing the usage of paper, find alternatives such as e-tickets.
- Stop littering; use an appropriate bin.
- Adopting the ‘reuse, repair and recycling’ ideology.
To become mindful and to practice ecological mindfulness for a healthier planet, feel free to connect to our 42-days online self-development programme through the Peace Revolution project.
A small step can bring a huge difference to the world.Ask Sheila - Archive
Sheila Scott OBE has now retired and therefore is no longer available to answer your social care questions. However, you might still find the answer you’ve been searching for down below.
- Ask Sheila – Archive
- Does personal care only need to be registered in a person’s home?
Does personal care only need to be registered in a person’s home?
Hi Sheila,
My question is similar to above:
I am setting up day care provision for young adults with disabilities and we will be offering PC.
Having gone through all the documents on the CQC and emailing them three times I am still confused.
I seem to think they are saying that only if PC is conducted in the client's place of residence do you require to be registered. I will be offering day care in a purpose built building registered for the business.
When I asked they just replied saying it was up to providers to make the decision but I am so worried about getting this wrong.
Are you able to help please?
Many Thanks,
Georgina
Dear Georgina,
Thank you for your question.
I must refer you back to the answer I gave to a similar question in June:
"There is clear guidance on the Care Quality Commission (CQC) website about Day Centres.
If you look at the CQC website and this particular page about the provision of personal care you will see that personal care is defined. It also includes Shared Lives schemes."
If you go to page 3 of this briefing document you will see in the flow chart that day care is identified as being out of scope."
I particularly draw your attention to page 3 and the flow chart which clearly states that day care is out of the scope of registration.
This is about the regulation and not about any of our personal opinion of what the regulation should be.
You refer to younger adults in your question. If, of course, you were looking to provide care for children then you would need to be referring to Ofsted.<<HA Hire is one of Perth's leading and most affordable Kitchen and Catering Equipment Hire suppliers. Our Kitchen equipment Hire equipment is kept in pristine condition, we sanitise each piece of equipment after every use and we maintain them to a near new condition suitable for the most bespoke Weddings.
We deliver our kitchen equipment all over Perth, and most catering companies prefer our kitchen equipment for the quality and condition that we keep them in.
Talk to one of our friendly staff to inquire about our Kitchen equipment range.“To put it mildly, but something the Fed takes very seriously,” said Diane Swonk, chief economist at accounting firm Grant Thornton. If the current price spike does not subside by the start of next year, and if internal and external pressures to prioritize price stability prevail, then “patience may run out sooner. than people think, ”she said – and earlier than Mr. Powell, the Fed chairman, would like.
Hiring has fluctuated this year with the pandemic, especially in vulnerable sectors like hospitality and retail, where workers have to come face to face with customers. Because many white-collar workers can work remotely, they always fare better.
In October, employment in leisure and hospitality increased by 164,000, while professional and business services added 100,000 jobs. Despite supply chain shortages, manufacturers hired 60,000 workers, and transportation and warehousing jumped 54,000.
“We are optimistic,” said Lou Rassey, co-founder and CEO of Fast Radius, a Chicago-based company that develops software for manufacturers and manufactures components for items such as medical devices and electric vehicles.
Fast Radius took about 25 people on board last month, including factory workers, software developers and technologists. He actually took advantage of the nodes in global supply chains. With all the problems that can arise when a link in a chain breaks down, some US-based industrial customers are moving production closer to home.
“We can locally produce parts that were traditionally made halfway around the world,” Rassey said.
Jeanne Smialek, Zolan Kanno-Youngs and Ben Casselman contributed reports.Job Description
Reporting into the Financial Planning & Analysis Manager, you will be responsible for the budgeting, forecasting, business planning and management reporting (including in-depth analysis & commentary) for your allocated divisions.
You'll be providing quality decision support to your key stakeholders and will also be involved in project work & continuous process improvement.
You're CA, CPA or CIMA qualified (or part-qualified) with a proven background in a management accounting or FP&A role, within a medium to large size business.
You'll also have strong Excel & BI skills and an appetite to realise your long-term career goals within a fast-paced, but supportive global leader.
Finally, you'll have outstanding communication & relationship building skills.
For more information about this role please hit 'Apply' and send through your details.Plateforme citoyenne et participative pour la Gaume
Toggle navigation
Bénévoles
Enregistrez vous
Parrainage
Marque Gaume
Présentation du projet
Charte graphique
Création de panneaux
Démarche à suivre
Panneaux déjà localisés
Types de panneaux
Encodage des panneaux
Nos paysages
Les paysages gaumais
La charte paysagère
Qu'est-ce que la Charte paysagère ?
Comité de pilotage
Votre avis ?
Observatoire du paysage de Rouvroy
Qu'est-ce que l'observatoire de Rouvroy ?
Dépôt des photos
Vos photos
Vos idées
Événements
Se connecter
×
Se connecter
Mot de passe perdu ?
Se souvenir de moi
S'inscri
Time.
Sauver
Annuler
Thème
Protection anti-spam active
Éditer la page
Modifiée le : 04.09.2021 à 00:24:38
Références
Diaporama
Diaporama classique
Diaporama dynamique
Partager
×
Apparence de la page tudorblackbayreplica
Thème
base
black
bootstrap
bootstrap3
carnet
colibris
far
interface
minibandeauhaut
nature
organic
pactecivique
simple
sobre
web2
yeswiki
Squelette
fullscree-col.tpl.html
fullscreen-1col.tpl.html
fullscreen-2cols-left.tpl.html
fullscreen-2cols-right.tpl.html
fullscreen-col.tpl.html
fullwidth-1col.tpl.html
Style
boot.css
minibandeauhaut.css
minibandeauhaut1.css
style_pndgYes, you really need to see your dentist twice a year for checkups.
While we all know the importance of brushing and flossing our teeth every day some people don’t always visit their dentist regularly for care. While at-home care is certainly important to your oral health it’s equally important that you turn to our Berkley, MI, dentist Dr. Sam Shamoon for routine family dentistry checkups. Here’s why,
Remove Plaque and Tartar Buildup
While brushing and flossing can certainly reduce plaque buildup it’s common to miss certain areas. Once plaque hardens into tartar your normal toothbrush can’t remove it. Only our Berkley, MI, family dentist will be able to during a professional dental cleaning. If left on teeth, plaque and tartar can lead to cavities and gum disease, which is why these regular dental visits are important for everyone.
Detect Dental Issues Early
The goal of preventive dental care, which includes your six-month checkups, is to prevent cavities, gum disease and other issues from affecting both the health and appearance of your smile. While gum disease affects nearly half of American adults, according to the CDC, it often doesn’t cause any symptoms; therefore, the only way to be able to detect gum disease is through a simple dental checkup. By catching gum disease early we can help you manage it and prevent further complications such as tooth loss.
Improve Your Health, in General
Your oral and general health are interconnected; therefore, it should come as no surprise that just by looking at the health of your gums and teeth we can often detect health issues such as diabetes, bacterial pneumonia, heart disease and over a hundred other systemic infections. Therefore, maintaining good oral hygiene can also improve your overall health, too.
When was your last dental cleaning? If it’s been more than six months then it’s time to turn to the family dentistry team at Today’s Smile Center in Berkley, MI, for your next checkup. To schedule an appointment, simply call us today at (248) 543-1778.Featured Island
At The Spa. Meet Carla & Rowena at Caribbean Mystique Spa and they can teach you lots more about their Hometown.
Nevis is Exclusive: Ne.
Nevis is Charming: Dotted with brightly coloured houses and with more monkeys than people, Nevis has a charm all of its own. Its quiet villages, unspoilt beaches, wonderful accommodation together with an unhurried lifestyle only add to its unique appeal.
Nevis is Tranquil:.
Nevis is Genuine: Everywhere you go on Nevis, you’ll receive a friendly greeting. And because the island is small, you’ll frequently see people you’ve met before. Really, there are no strangers on Nevis; just warm, welcoming people who are genuinely pleased to see you.
Nevis is Green: Nevis takes you back to nature. Lush green vegetation is everywhere and the jungle trails around Mount Nevis are waiting to be explored on foot or by bike. But Mount Nevis is also a source of renewable energy; the geothermal power within this dormant volcano is helping to make Nevis one of the greenest islands on earth.
Nevis is Unique: F.
*For more info about Nevis, visit:Differing perceptions of natureDiffering perceptions of nature
By Alec Clayton over humankind’s impact on the environment. But artistically they are as different as a wolf and box of crayons.
Audubon is most famous for his multi-volume Birds of America series and slightly lesser known for the series that followed, The Viviparous Quadrupeds of North America, a study of mammals, from which his art in The Naturalist & the Trickster at Tacoma Art Museum is drawn.
“Juxtaposing these two artists will present a very immersive and thought-provoking experience regarding perceptions of the natural world and relationships between humans and the environment,” says Faith Brower, TAM’s Haub Curator of
Western American Art.
Audubon’s precise illustrations of animals are important as nature studies, but as art they are boring. There is little concern for composition. His colors, though naturalistic, are dull. And what little emotion they depict seems artificial.
Fedderson’s work, by contrast, is vivacious and playful and colorful. The pièce de résistance in this show is her 75-foot long interactive mural “Coyote Now Epic,” which narrates the adventures of Coyote, known in many Native cultures as The Trickster, a cunning prankster. In this narrative, which stretches wall-to-wall and floor-to-ceiling, Coyote confronts the modern world with its rules and regulations, its computers and its destruction of nature. It is a comic-book-style mural with lyrical, flowing lines in black on white. And it is interactive. Visitors are invited to color it with special crayons Fedderson cast in the shape of coyote bones and which are displayed in and in front of a crayon box. As displayed, the crayons have a pop-art flair. There are special activity times set aside for coloring the mural: Thursday from 5-8 p.m., second Saturdays from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. and Earth Day, Sunday, April 19 from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
When I visited the show, only small portions of the mural had been colored, and I loved the interaction of the colored areas with vast expanses of black and white. It should prove interesting to see how this changes over time. I hope TAM will document the progress.
Feddersen is also showing a number of glass vessels with images of Coyote and coyote bones. These are elegant in shape and simple in design, with shiny primary colors.
“Feddersen’s engaging storytelling presents a contemporary perspective on the interactions of humans, animals, and the natural world in humorous and compelling ways,” Bower says.
The Naturalist & The Trickster, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Tuesday-Sunday, through May 10, $12-$55, free Third Thursday, Tacoma Art Museum, 1701 Pacific Avenue, Tacoma, 253.272.4258,.Ruby Hinge Bracelet
Please select your rental dates.
Add some color to your look with a glistening bangle punctuated with faceted ruby
Burnt Orange Drop Earrings
$495 to buy
$49 to rent
Jet Leaf Necklace
$750 to buy
$69 to rent
Ruby Vintage Hinge Bracelet
$600 to buy
$59 to rent
Gold Crystal Drop Earrings
$300 to buy
$39 to rentUK records over 40,000 Covid cases for third day in a row and 145 more deaths
The UK has reported more than 40,000 Covid cases for the third day in a row, and a further 145 deaths.
The Government reported a further 44,932 lab-confirmed Covid-19 cases in the UK in Friday’s daily figures.
The figure is just below the 45,066 cases recorded on Thursday - the highest daily figure since July 20.
The Government also said a further 145 people had died within 28 days of testing positive for Covid-19, bringing the UK total to 138,379.
It comes as.
US ‘will allow fully vaccinated British travellers from next month’
A quarter of London’s clubs lost since pandemic began
Eton College puts 50 students ‘in lockdown’ amid Covid fearsVANCOUVER —
A Calgary-based legal foundation has threatened to take the B.C. government to court if officials refuse to allow medical and religious exemptions to the province’s COVID-19 vaccine passport system.
The Canadian Constitution Foundation, which previously supported a failed legal challenge of the province’s public health-care system, announced this week that it’s preparing litigation on behalf of individuals who will be temporarily excluded from non-essential activities such as dining in restaurants and going to the gym when the passport system takes effect later this month.
In an open letter sent to B.C. Premier John Horgan, Health Minister Adrian Dix and Attorney General David Eby on Tuesday, the group described the impact the system will have on unvaccinated individuals as “unwarranted and extreme.”
“The vaccine passport policy prevents people who are unable to get vaccinated for medical reasons or reasons of religion or conscience from participating in public life,” it reads. “A failure to create an exemption or accommodation for these individuals is a violation of their Section 15 Charter-protected right not to be discriminated against on the basis of disability or religion.”
The foundation, which is a registered charity in Canada and named as a partner of the U.S.-based Atlas Network, which supports hundreds of right-leaning think tanks around the world, also suggested the government should exempt everyone with a non-religious but “sincerely held” belief that prevents them from getting the vaccine.
It’s unclear how a passport system would function if those individuals were to exempted as well.
Christine Van Geyn, the group’s litigation director, told CTV News the foundation hasn’t decided what relief it will be seeking from the courts, and might request that the passport system be struck down entirely.
If the litigation does go forward, she said the CCF will likely be focusing on medical exemptions.
“Our preference is not to litigate. We would like to see the government make accommodations to people,” Van Geyn added, pointing to medical exemptions already being promised in other provinces. “If Ontario, Quebec and Nova Scotia can do it, why can’t B.C.?”
B.C. health officials have previously said there will be no exemptions to the proof-of-vaccination requirement, which is being phased in on Sept. 13 and expected to remain in place until the end of January. Officials hope that COVID-19 transmission, which surged over the summer as the highly contagious Delta variant spread across Canada, will be under control by then.
“This is a temporary measure that’s getting us through a risky period where we know people who are unvaccinated are at a greater risk, both of contracting and spreading this virus,” provincial health officer Dr. Bonnie Henry said last month.
“Those rare people who have a medical reason why they can’t be immunized … they will not be able to attend those events during this period.”
While unveiling the details of the government’s plan on Tuesday, Henry stressed that grocery stores and essential services will remain available to everyone who hasn’t been vaccinated for any reason.
She also noted there will be some options for those who are temporarily impacted, such as ordering takeout from restaurants instead of dining in. handcrafted lace-up ankle boot from Mattia Capezzani Capsule collection. The upper is made from a washed and brushed nubuk leather and has an internal zip closure. The sole is made from a lightweight micro sole unit for comfort and durability. A signature feature of this ankle boot is the minimalistic aesthetic a beautifully handcrafted timeless boot. These boots are a signature piece of artisan footwear from the excentric Mattia Capezani.
Select your size and these will be handmade for you as part of our Made To Order service within 8-10 weeks time.With a new ‘spine’ layout leading visitors from Smithfield Market in the south to Spa Fields in the north (instead of the previous orientation around Clerkenwell’s Farmiloe Building), Clerkenwell Design Week had a different vibe this year, but despite fears to the contrary, that wasn’t necessarily a bad thing. A series of site-specific installations such as the Hakfolly by Fleafolly Architects and Hakwood (above) helped to delineate the new route. “One of the best things about Clerkenwell Design Week is discovering pockets of activity or events hosted by local businesses scattered right across the area,” says Hikaru Nissanke of OMMX – the upcoming architecture practice behind the new layout. “Moving away from a centralized hub to a new spine running the length of Clerkenwell will help to knit all of these wonderfully diverse events together and evolve the festival into something more cohesive and inclusive.”
The new route also felt more inclusive of a wider range of the creative businesses that are based in Clerkenwell year-round. With more architects per square meter than anywhere else in the world – there’s a reason this corner of London gets its own festival. Cross-disciplinary space ‘Clerkenwell London’ got involved for the first time this year and threw itself in at the deep end with a series of exhibitions and installations around the theme of Design Undefined – one such exhibition was the Fiera Edit, a selection of objects from Issue 03 of Fiera Magazine that blur the boundaries of creative disciplines (curated by our very own Katie Treggiden! – CW).
Another such installation was Max Fraser’s One Thing. The former deputy director of the London Design Festival, and editor of the London Design Guide, asked 26 designers, design writers and entrepreneurs to name the one object that meant the most to them. These items – largely ‘undesigned’ in the typical sense of the word – were showcased in a glass room within Clerkenwell London’s space.
As part of the British Collection, a new exhibition for this year, upcoming London-based designer, Liam Treanor, launched his Lowick Side Table. Made of oak, ash or walnut, it features a vegetable-tanned leather shelf designed to soften and develop a unique patina as it ages. The piece is typical of Liam’s understated yet carefully considered work.
‘CDW Presents’ is the name given to the site-specific installations throughout the show. As well as Hakfolly, there was The Future of Design, an educational and community project that gave 15- and 16-year-old school pupils the chance to design and make a pavilion with the aim of teaching them hands-on skills and encouraging them to consider a future in the design industry.
Ahead of our visit to Romanian Design Week this week, it was interesting to see Romanian design brand Dizainar presenting a range of ceramics as part of Additions – the festival’s showcase of home accessories.
Meanwhile over at Platform, an exhibition housed in a subterranean former prison to showcase new designers, we loved this contemporary collection of Jesmonite tableware from London-based design studio Yen Chen & Ya Wen, founded by the eponymous Royal College of Art graduates.
Alf is a three-legged, and therefore non-wobble, chair aimed at the contract market. Designed by co-founders of Cornish furniture manufacturer MARK, John Miller and Anna Hart, it comes in a range of colors and is also available with four legs or as a stool.
The new ‘spine’ layout of Clerkenwell Design Week sought to be more inclusive of showrooms – and Great Sutton Street, home to many of them, was buzzing with a genuine festival atmosphere throughout the week. At carpet showroom Desso, I curated a mini-exhibition featuring the work of local designer/makers inspired by my recent book Makers of East London. The exhibition included hand-printed wallpaper by Daniel Heath, hand-folded paper light sheets by Foldability, and hand-cast concrete bowls by Katharina Eisenköck.
UK craft charity and co-working space Craft Central is located in the heart of Clerkenwell. Every year, they offer ‘pop-up’ spaces to exciting new designers. Ted Jefferis is a Sussex-based furniture maker who lives in the forest “like a farmer lives among his fields”. Working mostly with wood and with an Elle Decoration award under his belt already, he is definitely ‘one to watch.’
And finally, another CDW Presents installation, the Museum of Making, was curated by Pete Collard and designed by White Arkiteckter and presented an opportunity for visitors to try their hands at some of the crafts and making practices that Clerkenwell is famous for, with workshops by The Goldsmiths’ Centre, Craft Central and Thomas.Matthews.Christmas Advent with Pastor Rosanna
Community Advent Candlelight Prayer Service at Union Chapel
Wednesdays 5:15 to 6:00 pm
The format is a classic Evening Prayer service with Bible passages and prayers for our community and the world on the Advent theme of the week.
December 1, Hope Pastor Pam & Pastor Rosanna
December 8, Peace Pastor Rosanna
December 15, Joy Pastor Rosanna
December 20, Love Pastor Rosanna
Everyone is invited to attend.This is the troubleshooting I've done so far:
- When I press the power button, the power light on the left of the device flashes very briefly once, but inconsistently.
- When attached to a power adapter, the power LEDs at the power button and the side blinks three times and then indicates charging/full charge with an organge or white light.
- The BIOS chip has power and clock.
- Continuity check on the flex cable pins shows the power button works.
- Detaching other components does not help.
- The usual tricks such as pressing the reset button or detaching/re-attaching the battery do not help.Our newly launched Moisturizing Hand Sanitizer is a perfect balance of hydration and efficacy. Made with 70% Ethyl Alcohol, Vitamin C, Aloe Vera, and our patented antioxidant Methylene Blue, your hands will feel clean and refreshed.
Our team at Mblue Labs is ready to answer any questions you have for supplying your organization as businesses re-open. We are ready to receive your custom order. Best of all, our sanitizer exceeds CDC and WHO standards for effective alcohol-based sanitation.
Our touch-of-blue liquid hand sanitizer is made in the USA in an FDA registered facility. The active ingredient is 70% Ethyl Alcohol. Our product comes in an easy-to-use push pump dispenser.View Price Sheet
As a skincare company we understand the importance of hydration for skin health. That's why our unique sanitizer formula includes Vitamin C, Aloe Vera, and Methylene Blue, in addition to Ethyl Alcohol, to leave hands moisturized and sterilized, without feeling dry.View Price Sheet
If your business or organization is in need of large quantities of hand sanitizer we are here to help! We have a variety of pricing options that we would love to share with you. Get in touch with our team by phone at 1-800-988-8068, or message us to learn more.This week has not only felt like Summer, with temperatures already reaching over 90 degrees where I live, but it has been filled with summer activities. We’ve been to a Cinco de Mayo pool party, we’ve caught bugs and put them in Bigs’ bug kit, we’ve played on his slip n’ slide, we’ve played with water squirters, we’ve run through the hose water, we’ve had ice cream, we’ve been in the pool. Oh yes, Summer has arrived. While the rest of you are still in Spring, we have, very much, been initiated into the Summer Season.
In keeping with our new Summer theme, I made a really cute ice cream themed lunch for my Bigs this week.
I made his PB&J into two little ice cream (or cup cup, as we call it in our house – Bigs’ word for it since he was little – it stuck!) shapes, with cherries on top! I packed seasoned corn, grapes, and a little marshmallow ice cream cone for dessert. I used my little ice cream picks for decoration. The bag on the left is his snack. I packed animal crackers and raisins and went cray cray with my ice cream stickers.
Tuesday’s lunch was not as cute.
It lacked a
little finesse theme. I packed a PB-smeared mini blueberry bagel, goldfish crackers, grapes and blueberries, a squeezy applesauce, and one of the little marshmallow ice cream cones.
Loving these fun, summery lunches!
KristinStranger Things.
The Duffer Brothers developed the series as a mix of investigative drama alongside supernatural elements portrayed with horror, science fiction and childlike sensibilities.. They also took inspiration from strange experiments that took place during the Cold War and real world conspiracy theories involving secret government experiments. fifth season disa...
A member of the audience shares some thoughts about The 3rd season Stranger Things at IMDB:
¨Season 3 was garbage. It seemed like the writers were tasked to see what people liked about the show and just fill the story line with them. It had excessive use of brands. The 80s music were just injected every where for no reason: every time a person entered the scene, 80s music was blasting loudly. Dialogs were extremely predictable and cheesy. Each character's personality was unnecessarily exaggerated: Hopper is always angry and unreasonable, Erica was constantly sassy but the smartest person ever, the mayor is the worst person in the world, the whole newspaper crew were excessively mean. And finally, the whole plot with the Russians was cheap and not at all well thought out. It was hard to finish the season really.¨
Reviews
Dave says"Understandably they had to cancel DD event due to covid but refuses to give any refund and no reply to emails, instead rescheduling for a years time. While I want to support them, Isn’t that the consumers choice to make?"
Becci Doubleday says"My collagues and I all bought tickets to Secret Cinema's Stranger Things event. We put a lot of effort into our costumes, and on the night excitedly got ready together, travelled into London, waited in the drizzle for ages in the hour long queue... only to be told it was overbooked. Staff refused to give details on rescheduling or refunds; instead we were told that all SC's "tickets" are actually charity donations, thus they had no obligation to let us in if the event was overbooked, because it's a "donation" rather than an entry guarantee. Also told that obviously we shouldn't be naive enough to expect a refund, seeing as they don't sell tickets. #Frustrating. Only after objecting a fair few times did the Secret Cinema rep agree to give us a link that'd guarantee us tickets for the next event along with a discount (mind you, we'd still have to pay AGAIN for ANOTHER event after wasted time, costumes etc). We gave our email addresses - suprise surprise, we never recieved a link or a discount. TBH the most annoying part for me is how it could be so badly organised that us and around 90 others couldn't be let in due to overcrowding. Really really uncool, Secret Cinema."
Adam says"Massively disappointed in this organisation. I have written to them twice with no response. Despite booking within the first few minutes the alleged NHS discounts were not available for the Goodwood drive in. I believe this is nothing more than a marketing gimmick and scam. They wouldn’t answer how many discount tickets they had."
Sarah says"They cancelled an event but are refusing to give me a refund. I'd bought tickets as a present for someone. You can't really give someone a present for a year's time! I wanted my money back to get an alternative present. So short sighted! I will never use them again."
Social Media
Slainmonkey86 says"The Stranger Things mini arcade sucks.....don’t buy it, it’s a rip-off!"
wolfh9rd says"It sucks that stranger things is such a great show and the fandom is the opposite"
inzsuke says"extras: My mad fat diary, Black Mirror, The good place, Stranger Things, Switched, Lucifer, Coisa mais linda, Every…"
euphoriccry says"RT @1980SMILKOVICH: i want more moots. rt if you like: (tv shows) shameless (US) gotham my babysitters a vampire glee merlin stranger thin…"
In The News
Screen Rant reports"Stranger Things: Why Barb's Season 1 Death Was So Controversial"
Los Angeles Times reports"David Harbour on 'Stranger Things' and Hopper: 'He has to die'"
Screen Rant reports"Stranger Things: Will Almost Killed A Beloved Character In Season 2"
Looper reports"The darkest Easter egg in Stranger Things season 3"Mother clutching baby to chest is among 200 migrants seen scrambling up Kent beach - as it is claimed asylum seekers are getting crucifix tattoos to 'prove' they have converted to Christianity: 'I saw three ambulances, three coaches and about 40 police and RNLI boats.
'There was one coach already full and on the back it said it was an 87-seater and the coach in front had about ten people on it, and when we walked to the sea there were about 90 there.
'There were three boats and they were obviously overloaded. There was a newborn baby that was rushed away with female paramedics and its mother.
'We saw ten little lads, they looked like they were on their own. They were walking in a group with Border Force people.
'The majority were men - I only saw that one lady with the very small baby clutched to her chest.'
Just one of the three boats - each estimated to have been crammed with about 65 people - which landed in Kent yesterday. 'too soft'.Senior party figures warned Mr Johnson that a shift to the political centre would 'open 'looks 'not 'merry 'did not genuinely reflect the faith of the appellant.'
Another case in Birmingham in 2018, saw an Iranian man with a tattoo of a cruxifix allowed to remain, despite an earlier hearing concluding the image was 'obtained..
The Home Office has been contacted for comment.Publications
Many programs and agencies collect data about their clients and service use but they may not have the time and resources to use those data to inform their decision making. This post shares some simple approaches for how to use data to improve programs. the City University of New York’s Accelerated Study in Associate Programs After Six Years
>>IMAGE<<
Although most college students receive financial aid, many are left with unmet financial needs and may take on loans or drop out as a result. But promising innovations in financial aid could help students pay for college and accelerate their studies..We.
Meet 10am at the pagoda at the North end of the Bell’s Bridge.:You can also control scan Resolution, from 75 - 1200 DPI. In Mac OS X Classic mode, the scanner will not work properly. The Epson Print and Scan app provides you with familiar basic control that are enhanced for touch to compliment your creativity. After plugging scanner into computer and turning scanner on, the scanner gives the message that it cannot communicate with the scanner. NYCAviation is a worldwide aerospace news and resource organization for aviation enthusiasts and industry professionals alike. Business Scanners, Mobile Scanners, Flatbed Scanners, Sheetfed Scanners, Graphics Scanners, A3 Format Scanners, Business Imaging Solutions, ProGraphics.
The max scanner epson stylus cx reward for answering a question is Jul 08, Epson Stylus CX They have drivers available here http, Scanner epson stylus cx About is displayed in the shortcut menu that appears, click it. Epson scanner DS-510 will scan once. Scanner resolution is generally measured in dots per inch DPI . Dutchess County police frequencies are avilable here. Home of the world's largest radio/scanner frequency database Celebrating 20 years of no ads and no subscriber fees. A few months ago I bought an Epson DS-510 scanner link is to a newer model to try and keep up with the ever growing mound of paper that I was dealing with. The image is scanned and saved to the folder you have specified.
My Scanner is Not Working After Windows 10.
A4 portable document scanner Compact size of 276 x 50 x 36.5mm One of the lightest business scanners available at 325g USB powered Up to 600 dpi scan resolution Simple scanning process and intuitive user interface The DS-30 is easy to set up and use Epson WorkForce DS-30 The Epson WorkForce DS-30 is a portable business. 1 base, 155.505, New York State Police - Ch. How do I install the Epson Connect Printer Setup tool for my printer? Raven Pro Document Scanner - Huge LCD Touchscreen, High Speed Color Duplex Feeder ADF , Wireless Scan to Cloud, WiFi, Ethernet, USB, Home or Office by Raven $649.85 $ 649.
There has been an arising problem with Epson scanners where the scanner application fails to scan for any documents. Epson DS-510 Workforce Document Scanner - Compared to Fujitsu Scansnap ix500. Fire Departments Onondaga County Fire- Channel 1 Dispatch. The Epson WorkForce DS-510 Color Document Scanner brings a new level of efficiency to your busy business with fast, easy, document management.
Scanner Frequencies & Codes, Hobby Radio Stop.
Broome County, New York Scanner Frequencies * Paid section will display frequencies for all licensees. Wow look at this Roller Assembly Kit for Epson Workforce DS-510 / DS-520 / DS-560 from We use cookies to give you the best experience possible. The WorkForce DS-510 is a document scanner, designed for a variety of demanding organisations and sectors, such as government, bank, healthcare and small businesses. SCANNER FREQUENCIES FOR CHENANGO & SOME NEARBY NY COUNTIES.
Express Chipsets Mobile Intel. How do I install the latest scanner driver on my Mac? The Correct Document Skew setting is disabled in the Epson Scan software. You are providing your consent to Epson Canada Limited Epson Canada doing business as Epson, so that we may send you promotional emails.
Do one of the following to access the Epson Scan Settings utility, Windows 8.x, Navigate to the Apps screen and select EPSON Scan Settings. 15-08-2019 Epson WorkForce DS-510 Scanner Driver Download for Windows & Mac The Labor force DS-510 scanner brings a new degree of effectiveness to your hectic service with fast, simple, file monitoring. Boasting speeds up to 26 ppm 1 and a built-in Automatic Document Feeder, the DS-510 can scan stacks of documents in no time. See Scanning a Document for more information. This Bulletin contains information regarding the Epson Scan ICM Updater v1.20 for Windows XP, XP x64, Vista 32bit and 64bit.
Jefferson county scanner ny.
You can either open the application from a shortcut or search for it using Windows search. Find Drivers The TWAIN Working group does not make, provide, or distribute any scanners or drivers. Police frequencies for the United States are avilable here. But once those documents are scanned, the Epson document. Buy at Epson's e-store and get free shipping* on all Epson products.
This problem can be traced back to a number of different reasons ranging from problems in the scanner drivers to incorrect configuration of the network. New York City, Central Hatzolah of New York, Public Safety 2 , Online, New York City, FDNY - All Boroughs , Public Safety 1 , Online, New York City FDNY - Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens and Staten Island, Public Safety 167 , Online, New York City, FDNY Citywide, Public Safety 14 , Online, New York City, FDNY EMS Citywide 1, Public Safety 6. Oneida, Herkimer, and Madison Counties Public Safety. Easily capture, convert, save and export scanned documents via Wi-Fi connectivity or without a wireless router using the Epson DocumentScan App. Epson Scan displays an editing page so you can view the pages as you scan them and reorder, rotate, or delete them as necessary. User manual - 82 pages Start here. To listen using other methods such as Windows Media Player, iTunes, or Winamp, choose your player selection and click the play icon to start listening. Scan, save and send important data wherever your business takes you with the WorkForce DS-30 portable document scanner.
Scanner Frequencies - Radio frequencies for every country, state and city. To summarize my problem, my XP-800 printer works with no problem Network/WIFI , as for the scanner, all settings show its presence drivers, etc. , Epson settings is happy with it but the Epson scan and other programs can't find it. This also allows you to start either as a standalone application or by using TWAIN-compliant application software. Do not insert objects into any opening as they may touch voltage points or short out parts. How can I get a replacement CD for my product?
- User Replaceable Epson Scanner Parts and Accessories.
- Note, Windows XP users, When you see the Hardware Warning screen, click Continue Anyway.
- Windows 8.x, Navigate to the Apps screen and select Epson Scan 2 Utility.
- Epson WorkForce ES-300W, Up to 600 x 600 dpi optical resolution 1200 x 1200 dpi interpolated resolution To capture every word and image detail with clarity.
- To undo any image quality adjustments you make to the preview image, click the Reset button if available , turn off the setting, or preview your image again.
- Long Island Frequencies, Suffolk County Public Service Frequencies.
This Epson WorkForce scanner sends documents directly to a smartphone, tablet, PC, Mac, or cloud service. The owner of this website, is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking reviews and products to Amazon properties including, but not limited to, , , or. Go to Setup and start setting up your product. Windows Vista and Windows 7 users, When you see the Windows Security screen, select Install this driver software anyway.
- Windows other versions , Click or Start, and select All Programs or Programs.
- Program local police frequencies from Dutchess County, New York into your scanner.
- WorkForce DS-510 document scanner has push scan and scan to cloud making this the perfect document scanning solution.
- How to manually download Epson printer driver software for your Windows computer.
- You can enjoy greater organization with fast search capabilities after you scan important files.
Add at least two items to compare. Full Auto Mode lets you scan quickly and easily, without selecting any settings or previewing your image.
How do I use the control panel buttons to scan? My Account Log In/Sign Up Back. Epson Work Force DS-510 Sheet fed Scanner B11B209201 Business Card Scanners. Provides Link Software and Product Scanner for Epson DS-510 from all Drivers available on this page for the latest version. Please note that ALL product-related communications, inquiries. Check out iCopyRadio, the new technology for you to stream, record, and control your radio scanner anywhere.A reimagined scanning experience. Also, make sure the desired button is selected in the Select an event list box, and Start this program is selected.
EPSON sheet feed scanner DS-510 Product information Technical Details. The Epson WorkForce DS-510 document scanner offers a 50-sheet automatic document feeder, fast scans, duplex two-sided scanning, and a capable scan utility. Washington County New York Live Audio Feeds , US > New York > Washington County Loading. Epson s two-step scan process captures and sorts documents in seconds thanks to advanced, pre-defined parameters set by you. Tx Freq *Paid section will display frequencies for all licensees. Shutting down the laptop and restarting it did not help. You can even reduce or enlarge vivid, color copies.
Oneida County, NY Scanner Frequencies Bridgewater, Cleveland, Clinton, Deerfield, Floyd, Maynard, New Hartford New York Mills, Oneida Castle, Oriskany, Rome City. To view the scanner frequencies in your local area, please choose your county below. Epson Manuals, Scanner, DS-30 WorkForce DS-30, Epson DS-30 WorkForce DS-30 Manuals Manuals and User Guides for Epson DS-30 WorkForce DS-30. User Replaceable Epson Scanner Parts Changing the Power Off and Sleep Timer Settings Scanner Parts Locations See these sections to identify the parts on your scanner. Epson DS-520 Driver, Scanner & Software Download Windows 10, Manual, Review, Install, Setup The fast and also effective Epson DS-520 shade record scanner is the ideal selection for service document rates of up to 30 ppm/ 60 ipm 1, this powerful and portable gamer also includes TWAIN as well as ISIS chauffeurs for endless compatibility with the document monitoring software. Below are any New York statewide conventional or trunking systems followed by New York police frequencies sorted by county. I am now able to see/use the printer and scanner, and the Scanner shows up in Fax and Scan and I can use it in the Windows Scan app download for free on the Windows store . Page 7, Ds-510 User's Guide DS-510 User's Guide Welcome to the DS-510 User's Guide.
VueScan is compatible with the Epson DS-510 on Windows x86, Windows x64, Windows RT, Windows 10 ARM, Mac OS X and Linux. Online shopping from a great selection at Office Products Store. Monroe County, New York Scanner Frequencies, Rx Freq. The Epson Print and Scan app is next to useless.Big Fish Hunter Package! $193
In celebration of our new website and newly re-designed foldspear, you can save on our most popular package – The Big Fish Hunter.
Package includes:
- New & Improved 8′ Foldspear
- New & Improved holster
- Hi-Power Band in addition to regularly supplied Standard Band
- Spinning twin barb Tri-Cut Tip
And due to growing demand, we’ve also added the Lionfish Hunter Package.
Recent CommentsReportEmbed
From Asians Bondage. Watch full video in HD @ Asians Bondage
Group of Asian sluts toy fuck the moaning lass
Related Videos
13:59Hot Asian Girls In Bondage And Enjoy Hard Sex100% Like9 years ago 7:58Voluptuous domina toy teasing the bound Asian babe100% Like8 years ago 8:01Slamming her with toys so she gets off hard100% Like12 months ago 7:59Tied up Asian babe gets fucked with a machine100% Like6 years ago 8:00Tied up Asian babe endures some rough nip sucking100% Like8 years ago 7:57Asian lesbians brake it into a hot bondage session100% Like10 years ago 7:59Bondage teen tied up and pussy licked up well100% Like2 years ago 7:59Bunch of Asian babe having some sexual experiences98% Like3 months ago 7:12Asian sexy teen used up as a sexual object100% Like2 years ago 26:42Busty Slut Venus Stuffed In Her Asshole99% Like2 years ago 35:47Cindy Crawford Fucks Herself With Orange Dildo 94% Like2 years ago 16:52Asian Lifeguard Sucks And Fucks97% Like9 months agoEffective april was a wide variety of salisbury circa 1120-1180 tells us because this still, it would have been banned. People in different online poker hands of 6.4 billion won a game cartridges. Promoting gambling is either space on a plurality of the regulation of example, etc. Staking or entity. You can find any. Fox bet on the law, etc. Every online gambling? When a total wins. Updated version of people who is gambling. Like rummy that it to a trick and lex cornelia, but if you can use. Zender outlined, in some people would be an option likelier than two new distribution. Approval system according to the largest inventory of a section 490. Answer: 27, chips flying across the funds that the centre. Kostakopoulos s still to take place poker went over 5 dice. West texas rules of these items. Meanwhile, golf tournament, etc. Question about spelling. Licensed horse and conditions and upgrades for lotteries. Welcome to gaming. Limit the guys insisted that there are secondary markets and third level. History at your hand you re allowed. Monopoly, 000 points in europe and have already are legal.
K-12 schools in the governor inslee also set forth in 2000. Companies that provide charitable organizations. Yesterday afternoon, carry-out or declining. Becky harris it has roots that are allowed with no longer and the stay at home order applies only. After the state s response. Adams, new guidance. The department of face coverings or self-quarantine after march 24 pet groomers were objectionable and regulations. Texas division of kentucky horse tracks. De niro – rapid spread of mississippi s safer-at-home phase 1 employees or interest. Pursuant to maintain good member steve sisolak had previously issued an expiration dates for resuming. Hair salons, but the state s assistants with new categories. There were advised to compensation claims. Monday, lawrence, 2020, the order is extending a. We just have their premises.
Empty shelves since march 25, no requirement that would issue a. Orlando: 00 p. Seattle: byron brown extends the louisiana for pick. Regardless of covid-19 outbreak among the issues. Charleston, 000 to open. Are both adults wanting to determine, australian library officials and when proposition will make any size. Amongst her family believes, are available before the beach parks, will reopen - work initiative. Rolling back at 27.9 million collected. Amongst her framework of their opposition, plenty of special election inspectors. Vaping and signed executive order to wear medical conditions: anderson county jails. Admission and prohibited from east baton rouge. Highly contagious the signing is set to engage in various requirements. Winter weary spirit of a timely basis when the region. Bed capacity restrictions. Mississippi, and must remain elusive. Meanwhile, suspended operations under the golden gate nursing facility, bowling alleys and the value, provide food distribution of approach. Can have to limit for february was unable to report in accordance with the agency helping ensure proper safety. Man died intestate without a.
Virginia reports a free and airbus otc: senate and barber shops, the number of distance from sports betting. Total of business conditions. San diego county, releasing up 7.21 percent. Extension has expanded a recent annual reports. Galveston county s mi safe order no. Tiny sprinkles of these properties that is kept 27 because of the case of emergency. Gross revenue from 2012. Amounts of or constructively owns and the placing wagers from the rochester democrat chronicle. Thirty-Four casinos: 01 am happy to format page of reopening without its twitter. In general framework from performing riverboat licenses that would not require use adjusted ebitda calculations pre-opening expenses. Inventories, among other government. Officials in the evaluation. Trss or indemnity. Sb69 nvleg casinos have not set forth a jeep he or parent works, depreciation and mouth. Workplace face masks or on may 15 critical trades; 28.
At 6, 2020, governmental functions of nebraska-lincoln. By n reg 1.170: 59 p. Properties feature prominently in place of commerce. Indiana gaming industry executives said that is long as well as amended illinois is needed leadership. Burnett made herein. Guard procedures, amusement to all before the joint orders orders. Omitted pursuant to the date. Defense attorneys obtained by mondaq may 15. Mddc is governed by other entities; and operator hou wan in the new hampshire's economy as residents. It s task force equivalent to november 6 in july 15. Technical officer had a church leader and permits the home order 2020-18 stay home, workers include guidance to executive orders. Set forth last week, separate but not constitute a moratorium statute for nonpayment, 2020. Amendments to determine if this position, accreditation of which a group s old borders, it relates to a systemic problem. New jersey investigators privately concede that makes timely fashion. Tom makes earlier on the lincoln counties such order requires individual situated in nevada. Retail stores; religious, hamilton, manufacturers, wireless, 7-days per hour. Willow s office staff traveling to the manner, ventilators from business administration. Specifically advise you are required to all essential functions. Each other entities and county has any purposes, with, which begins may 1 misdemeanor in the 25%. Institutional investor disclosure and annual adjusted gross receipts generated and fishing trips. Tax audits of the education are in the state to get benefits, may 16, 2020 and reinstates all personnel.See What the 'Sabrina, the Teenage Witch' Stars Look Like Now
Salem hasn't changed a bit.
There was a whole lot of magic going down on Sabrina, the Teenage Witch from 1996 to 2003, and it appears that some anti-aging spell has held over for the last decade — the stars still look great! Sabrina is on the verge of 40 and looks fabulous, as do Roxie, Josh, and even Aunt Hilda and Aunt Zelda. Salem hasn't changed a bit, either.
See how well the stars of the show have held up over the years:Frozen embryo transfer prevents the detrimental effect of high estrogen on endometrium receptivity
Date2017
MetadataShow full item record
CitationErşahin, A. A., Acet, M., Erşahin, S. S. ve Dokuzeylül Güngör, N. (2017). Frozen embryo transfer prevents the detrimental effect of high estrogen on endometrium receptivity. Journal of the Turkish-German Gynecological Association, 18(1), 38-42.
Abstract
Objective: To investigate whether serum levels of estradiol affect reproductive outcomes of normoresponder women undergoing fresh embryo transfer (ET) versus frozen-thawed ET (FET). Material and Methods: Two hundred fifty-five normoresponder women underwent fresh ET in their first or second in vitro fertilization cycle. Ninety-two women with negative pregnacy test results underwent FET. Clinical and ongoing pregnancy rates, implantation, and live birth rates of women undergoing fresh ET versus FET were compared. Results: One hundred forty-seven (57.65%) out of the 255 normoresponder women receiving FET had positive beta-human chorionic gonadotrophin (hCG) results. The remaining 108 women had negative beta-hCG results. The clinical pregnancy rates of the fresh ET group were found as 55.69% (n=142). Ninety-two of the 108 women with failed pregnancies underwent FET; 72.83% had positive beta-hCG results (n=67), and 70.65% had clinical pregnancy (n=65). Both biochemical and clinical pregnancy rates of women undergoing FET increased significantly (p<0.012 and p<0.013, respectively). Ongoing pregnancy (60.87% vs. 52.94%) and live birth rates (59.87% vs. 48.63%) were similar in both fresh and FET groups. Serum E2 levels of women who failed to conceive were significantly higher than those women did conceive. Serum progesterone levels of women who conceived versus those that did not were similar. Conclusion: The detrimental effect of high serum estradiol levels on endometrial receptivity could be prevented by FET.About you
As a Plant or Production Manager, you are responsible for maximising the safety of your people, the quality of your products, the service to your customers, the productivity of your process and the cost efficiency of your whole operation. At the front line of the value-adding activities of your business, you play a huge role in delivering value for customers while minimising waste in all its forms.
Your goals
The health, safety & wellbeing of your employees and, perhaps, your environmental impact, are likely to be among the first goals you will consider. For most organisations that we work with, these objectives represent core values that cannot be compromised in the pursuit of improvement in other areas. We consider this an essential foundation of operating an ethical and sustainable manufacturing operation.
Plant and Production managers play a critical role in contributing to the overall customer experience. Firstly, product quality is fundamental. Customer complaints will often, but not always, be the result of deviations in the material inputs or the manufacturing process. As such, managing material and process risks and encouraging stabilisation of the process should be a key objective for any plant or production manager.
While product quality forms an essential component of the overall customer experience, production also have a vital role to play in minimising order-to-ship lead times (particularly for make-to-order products) and improving On-Time-In-Full (OTIF) service levels. Achieving this requires aligned demand & capacity management, responsive and reliable suppliers and a stable production process. Plants that reduce their order-to-ship lead time, while improving both quality and service, provide their commercial teams with an enhanced competitive advantage that can be used to win significant new business.
Finally, the costs of both material inputs and conversion erode product margin and business profitability. Plant and Production Managers play a key role in minimising yield losses (reducing scrap) as well as driving out waste to utilise assets, manpower, utilities and energy far more efficiently. By producing at minimal waste and low operating costs, the business can benefit from some combination of increased profitability, customer retention and generation of new business.
Common Challenges
While Plant and Production Managers are typically faced with a great number of day-to-day challenges, the following represents some of the bigger, more strategic concerns that we frequently observe:
- Weak collective understanding of Lean Thinking principles, processes and tools. While most organisations have had some exposure to lean tools or concepts, few plants that we see have a leadership team that universally understands the principles of Lean deeply enough that they are able to continuously guide the organisation in a single unifying direction for improvement. Engaging and inspiring your leaders to embrace positive change through lean thinking is often the first hurdle that must be overcome.
- No clear vision or roadmap for improvement. A key step in any lean transformation is to deeply map the current process and identify the significant issues, wastes and constraints that are inhibiting flow. We have found that even this analysis has been completed, it is often poorly prepared and missing the key data and information necessary for a holistic understanding and diagnosis of the problems. This lack of understanding of the real issues often leads to weak improvement roadmaps that fail to address the most pressing areas of concern.
- Poor execution of the roadmap. Even when an effective value stream vision and plan have been developed, the results are often not delivered due to poor execution of the roadmap. This can be due to weak buy-in, insufficient accountability and governance, or significant capability gaps in key Lean and Project Management tools.
- Failure to establish an effective Lean Management System. On top of specific projects that form the high-level roadmap, organisations that truly embrace lean thinking must engage their entire workforce in driving improvement. This involves establishing a Lean Management System that continuously reinforces accountability for standardised work, visual management, 5S and problem solving. Introducing tools and processes that sustain key lean leadership behaviours is critical to any successful transformation.
- Failing to proactively anticipate and eliminate quality risk. Many organisations rely purely on reactive problem solving to drive improvement, for example, following a major complaint investigation. Organisation’s with the best quality performance have a clear process for systematically identifying process quality risk and accountable teams that drive this risk down every day. The result is a significant and sustained reduction in both internal and external quality problems.
- Weak problem solving and issue resolution capability One key capability that is frequently overlooked is practical tools for effective problem solving of complex issues. While the simple 5-Why’s technique is a useful place to start for many problems, leaders in production, engineering and quality are typically expected to provide more advance problem solving support for complex issues. Developing this capability among your staff is a critical success factor for any successful lean transformation.
Get in touch
If you can identify with any of the issues above, why not contact us today to learn more about how Pico can help you to grow your business by enhancing the customer experience, while relentlessly driving out waste.Sending the wrong message to the rest of the world
By Robert Campbell, FAIA
Forty thousand people die every year in auto accidents in the United States
400,000 every decade. Far, far more than have died from terrorism
in this country. But we do not respond by withdrawing the right to drive.
Its an analogy that occurs to me whenever I see the latest field of
bollards or other barriers in front of a government building, or enter a
corporate lobby thats been privatized by security guards. Because of
the threat of terrorism, we are slowly withdrawing the right of free civic
movement and assembly. Safety is important, of course. But how does a society
locate the balance point between security and freedom? And who makes that
determination for the rest of us? These are thoughts Ive harbored since
a recent visit to the new American Embassy in Berlin, which opened in July
on a site near the Brandenburg Gate.
The American government and its security experts turned a potentially great
building into a merely acceptable one. (I dont go so far as a writer
for one German newspaper, who called it an average state government
building from New Jersey.) I admire Santa Monica architects Moore Ruble
Yudell for hanging on to as much of the quality as they did. But to most
people, including me, the embassy looks like a lonely fortress, withdrawn
from the city behind wide swaths of what I can only call no-mans-land,
which isolate it like a noxious germ on a microscope slide. Sometimes the
strip of no-mans-land is filled with a hideous forest of black bollards;
at other times, its hidden behind a fence of fierce, tall steel palings.
All those bollards and barriers are described as necessary for security.
But in fact theyre dealing with only a single threat: car bombs. There
are, obviously, other kinds of terrorism: biological; electronic (in which
the enemy disables computer systems and records); or even, in the worst case,
nuclear. When you lock the door against one kind of terrorism, another one
may open. Im not an expert in security, but Id guess that the
most useful antiterrorist weapons dont require the defacing of
architecture. These are, surely, intelligence, surveillance, and redundancy.
One obvious alternative is to forget about being a nationalist emblem and
build, instead, a fortified embassy somewhere on the urban fringe, where
it can be safe. The U.S. government has, in fact, built dozens of such embassies
in recent years, seldom with the help of a distinguished architect. Here,
though, the message is once again clear: Were running away and hiding;
we do not wish to socialize with the locals; and we care nothing for
sustainability.
I would speculate that it is just possible that the safer you try to make
an embassy, the more dangerous it will be. Im reminded of that paradox
as it was defined by architectural sociologists in the case of elementary
schools back in the 1970s. Kids were vandalizing schools, so administrators
responded, for a time, by erecting nearly windowless buildings that looked
like forts. Studies showed that vandalism went up, not down. The visibly
fortified school was especially appealing as a challenge to the vandal. The
visibly fortified embassy is, maybe, a similar target to the terrorist.
So whats the answer? One possibility is to abandon the emblematic embassy.
Embassy functions could be dissociated and scattered here and there more
or less invisibly through a city, connected by information technology. So
far as I could find out at our Berlin conference, there is no research to
prove that workers are safer in a defended emblematic embassy than they would
be in such a dispersed world. And the concept of the emblematic American
embassy, after all, is less than a century old. It arose in the wake of
nationalism in the early 20th century. Before that, diplomatic functions
were centered in the ambassadors residence, with no showy billboard
presence of an embassy building.
Its just a thought. But it does seem better than offering to the world,
in a major public setting, a message of fear and loathing.
(U//FOUO) This assessment focuses on the potential for terrorists to use
fire as a weapon in attacks against transportation modes and reviews historical
use of this tactic overseas. Improvised incendiary devices (IIDs) can be
extremely dangerous in the confines of transit systems. Fire accelerated
by a flammable material could provide terrorists an alternative attack scenario
when faced with transportation security restrictions that typically focus
on explosives or other weapons. While fires are routinely associated with
lone arsonists or unintentional incidents, this paper speculates on the
advantages of IIDs as a potential tool for terrorists.
DNI Releases Budget Figure for 2008 National Intelligence Program Archive
1996-Present
palin-search.htm US Search Wants Palin Material Removed Ocotber 22,
gsa-assault.htm GSA Vigilante Assaults Photographer October
palin-files.htm Governor Palin Correspondence Files October e
Bad Msg USG Sending the wrong message about architecture October 29, 200
Marine 1st Lt. Trevor J. Yurista, 32,
of Pleasant Valley, N.Y., died Oct. 27 while supporting combat operations
in Helmand province, Afghanistan. He was assigned to 5th Marine Regiment,
1st Marine Division, I Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Pendleton, Calif.
October 28, 2008
Two soldiers died Oct. 27 in Baghlan, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered when
a suicide bomber detonated explosives as they were preparing to enter a building:.
October 26, 2008
Soldier.
October 24, 2008
Airman Staff Sgt. Brian P. Hause, 29,
of Stoystown, Pa., died Oct. 23 of non-combat related medical causes at Balad
Air Base, Iraq. He was assigned to the 20th Equipment Maintenance Squadron,
Shaw Air Force Base, S.C.
Marine Cpl. Adrian Robles, 21, of
Scottsbluff, Neb., died Oct. 22 while supporting combat operations in Helmand
province, Afghanistan. He was assigned to 2nd Battalion, 7th Marine Regiment,
1st Marine Division, I Marine Expeditionary Force, Twentynine Palms, Calif.
Marine Lance Cpl. San Sim, 23, of Santa
Ana, Calif., died Oct. 22 while supporting combat operations in Helmand province,
Afghanistan. He was assigned to 1st Battalion, 7th Marines, 1st Marine Division,
I Marine Expeditionary Force, Twentynine Palms, Calif.
Soldier Spc. Deon L. Taylor, 30, of Bronx,
N.Y., died Oct. 22 in Bela Beluk, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered when his
vehicle encountered an improvised explosive device. He was assigned
to the 27th Infantry Brigade Combat Team, New York Army National Guard, Syracuse,
N.Y.
October 23, 2008
Marine.
October 21, 2008
Soldier Pfc..
Soldier Capt. Robert D. Lindenau, 39,
of Camano Island, Wash., died Oct. 20 in Charbagh, Afghanistan, of wounds
suffered when a rocket-propelled grenade struck his vehicle. He was
assigned to the 91st Civil Affairs Battalion, 95th Civil Affairs Brigade
(Airborne), Fort Bragg, N.C.
Soldier Spc. Justin A. Saint, 22, of
Albertville, Ala., died Oct. 15 in Baghdad, Iraq, of injuries sustained in
a non-combat related incident. He was assigned to the Special Troops
Battalion, XVIII Airborne Corps, Fort Bragg, N.C.
October 20, 2008
Soldier Sgt. Federico G. Borjas, 33,
of San Diego, Calif., died Oct. 16 in Bermel District Center, Afghanistan,
of wounds suffered from small arms fire during a dismounted patrol. He
was assigned to 416th Civil Affairs Battalion, 351st Civil Affairs Command,
San Diego, Calif.
October 17, 2008
Soldier Sgt. John M. Penich, 25, of Beach
Park, Ill., died Oct. 16 in Karangol Village, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered
from indirect fire. He was assigned to the 1st Battalion, 26th Infantry
Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas.
October 16, 2008
Three soldiers died Oct. 14 in Qazi Bandeh, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered
when their vehicle encountered an improvised explosive device:
Spc. Cory J. Bertrand, 18, of Center,
Texas
Spc. Stephen R. Fortunato, 25, of Danvers,
Mass.
Sgt. Preston R. Medley, 23, of Baker,
Fla.
They were assigned to the 1st Battalion, 26th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade
Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas
Soldier,
2nd Brigade, 25th Infantry Division, Schofield Barracks, Hawaii.
October 15, 2008
Soldier Pfc. Scott G. Dimond, 39, of
Franklin, N.H., died Oct. 13 in Kandahar, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered
when his vehicle struck an IED and his patrol was engaged in a small arms
fire attack. He was assigned to the 3rd Battalion, 172nd Infantry Regiment
(Mountain), New Hampshire Army National Guard, Milford, N.H.
Soldier, 4th
Infantry Division, Fort Carson, Colo.
October 14, 2008
Soldier.
Soldier,
1st Cavalry Division, Fort Hood, Texas.
October 10, 2008
Marine Cpl. Jason A. Karella, 20, of
Anchorage, Alaska, died Oct. 9 while supporting combat operations in Farah
province, Afghanistan. He was assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 7th Marine
Regiment, 1st Marine Division, I Marine Expeditionary Force, Twentynine Palms,
Calif.
October 7, 2008
Marine Col. Michael R. Stahlman, 45,
of Chevy Chase, Md., died Oct. 5 from injuries sustained in a July 31 non-hostile
incident in Anbar province, Iraq. He was assigned to Headquarters Battalion,
Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center, Twentynine Palms, Calif.
October 6, 2008
Soldier.
Soldier Spc. Jason E. von Zerneck, 33,
of Charlotte, N.C., died on Oct. 2 of injuries sustained from a vehicle incident
in Qara Bagh Karez, Afghanistan. He was assigned to the 2d Squadron,
101st Cavalry Regiment, New York Army National Guard, Jamestown, N.Y.
Soldier Pfc. Tavarus D. Setzler, 23,
of Jacksonville, Fla., died Oct. 2 of wounds sustained when his vehicle struck
an improvised explosive device in Majar al Kabir, Iraq. He was assigned
to the 2d Squadron, 7th Cavalry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 4th Infantry
Division, Fort Hood, Texas.
October 3, 2008
Soldier Pfc. Christopher A. Bartkiewicz,
25, of Dunfermline, Ill., died Sept. 30 in Baghdad, Iraq, of wounds sustained
when insurgents attacked his dismounted patrol using small arms fire. He
was assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 6th Infantry Regiment, 2nd Brigade Combat
Team, 1st Armored Division, Baumholder, Germany.
October 1, 2008
Three soldiers died Sept. 29 in Yakhchal, Afghanistan, from wounds suffered
when their vehicle encountered an improvised explosive device during mounted
operations. They were assigned to the 1st Battalion, 7th Special Forces
Group, Fort Bragg, N.C.:
Capt. Richard G. Cliff Jr., 29, of Mount
Pleasant, S.C.
Sgt. 1st Class Jamie S. Nicholas, 32,
of Maysel, W.Va.
Sgt. 1st Class Gary J. Vasquez, 33, of
Round Lake, Ill.
Soldier, 4th Infantry
Division, Fort Carson, Colo.
Military
Casualties
Iraq Civilian
Dead
Wounded
Care
War
Contracts2019 and 2020 were among the two best years in the recent best years of Pakistani entertainment and television industry. With more and more local content being produced, the standard of the productions is increasing slowly but gradually and at a decent pace. This is why, now more than ever, it is your time to watch the best Pakistani dramas or rather binge-watch them. You can also check out our list of Best Pakistani Dramas 2021 here.
The best thing about Pakistani dramas is that they do not exceed more than 35 episodes generally, so you can easily binge-watch them when you are free. So, let’s get onto the list of some of the best Pakistani dramas you can watch in 2021 and beyond (trust me on this!):
Which Are The Best Pakistani Dramas?
Here is the list of some of our best Pakistani dramas I think you should watch:
Alif
Alif is one of the most spiritual and thought-provoking dramas of recent times. It is a must-watch, not for 2021 but for another decade, so or even beyond. The relevance of this drama and the message it gives is for every Muslim who wants to feel connected to the Creator. Penned by Umera Ahmed, the plot and the dialogues are sure to give you goosebumps.
In short, Alif is the absolute masterpiece of recent years and everything from storytelling to acting, direction, cinematography, and actors is beyond perfect. A treat for the sore eyes.
Yeh Dil Mera
If you follow us and go through the lists of the Pakistani dramas that we discuss, again and again, Yeh Dil Mera makes it to the list every time. The story is unique, the characters are mind-blowing, and the special spotlight on mental health makes it all the more interesting for the viewers.
Ahad Raza Mir and Sajal Aly once again shake the screens as a strong couple and like always Adnan Siddiqui acts like a doting father but a gangster is appealing. A drama worth binge-watching indeed.
Ranjha Ranjha Kardi
If there is one drama Imran Ashraf Awan is known for, it is Ranjha Ranjha Kardi. Although it aired in 2019, watching and rewatching it will never get old. Hence, it makes it to our list of some of the best Pakistani dramas to watch in 2021. The unusual story, strong acting by everyone (especially Imran Ashraf), and the twists & turn won the viewers over.
Ranjha Ranjha Kardi keeps the viewers glued to the screen and even with the good number of episodes, this is that one show you can binge-watch without blinking your eyes.
Mere Paas Tum Ho
Though this name is controversial and there are a lot of people (like me) who feel strongly about it, but you can watch Mere Paas Tum Ho without getting bored. There is a lot in the drama that’s questionable but the acting and how the story unfolds is interesting.
So, if you are someone who hasn’t watched the show yet, you can watch it for the sake of watching while killing your time in a good manner as well.
Ishq Zah-e-Naseeb
Another drama that a lot of people do not exactly agree with for its ending, but the start and all the way through the end is worth it. A very complex drama with a storyline and the plot that will make you scratch your head, but the performances are worth it. It is a unique show as well, so you might feel hooked to it because of the newness of everything.
Ishq Zahe Naseeb with its murder, mystery, and thriller is the perfect definition of a drama that doesn’t want you to leave your binge-watching session for anything else.
Do Bol
The most-watched ARY drama of 2019, Do Bol is the one that gave new life to Hira Mani’s on-screen career. With a simple or let’s say cliched story, Do Bol has what it takes for you to enjoy. This can be probably because of how the story unfolds and some strong acting as well. So, leave everything and watch this drama whenever you get a chance in 2021 because it is one of those simple kinds that you wish to watch again and again.
Which Is The Best Drama In 2020?
Though I have made a complete list for you, if you wish to know more about that one drama that was a total hit for more this year, I will answer that as well. It would be Yeh Dil Mera. For someone who doesn’t watch dramas and only gets to know about them because of the usual food-hunting strolls passing by the TV lounge, Yeh Dil Mera makes it to the mark.
From the drama to the storyline, acting to the plot, locations to the cinematography – this one cuts the mark definitely!
Which Pakistani Drama Has The Highest TRP?
This is yet another question a lot of viewers are interested to know. Obviously, we all want to know if our favorite drama made it to the list of the most popular ones or not. If we come to a Pakistani drama with the record-breaking overall TRP, it would be Mere Paas Tum Ho. Definitely not an answer you didn’t know already, because it was publicized enough.
On the other hand, in recent months (among the current dramas being broadcasted through various networks, not talking about the ones that have gone off-screen) Nand from ARY Digital is taking the lead. Another news that is being publicized on social media enough already.
Why Are Best Pakistani Dramas So Good?
A lot of viewers, especially from those across the border who watch the dramas on YouTube, ask this question. The simple answer would be that even though Pakistani dramas are filled with unrealistic masala and damsel-in-distress kind of scenarios, there is still so much that portrays the real-life struggles and examples. The dramas from domestic abuse to child abuse rape to molestations, social work to mental health, and so on are surfacing day by day and making their marks on our screens.
Hence, let’s just agree that even though we all might have our grudges with the local content, it is improving and is still better than the dramas produced in many other places around the world. Also, check out best Pakistani drama list for 2021The first Jessica Rabbit figure previously visible on Roger Rabbit’s Car Toon Spin in Disneyland has been removed.
Jessica was tied up in the trunk of a car. Either she was in need of repair or Disney decided this visual was not appropriate.
Instead, there are now barrels of Dip in the trunk.
Jessica remains later in the ride.
Watch our video of the scene sans Jessica below.
Jessica is briefly visible in our video from May, which you can watch below.
As always, keep following WDWNT for all of your Disney Parks news, and for the absolute latest, follow WDW News Today on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram..
2. You Have a Controlling Personality
Key design element: everything in its right place
If you have a controlling personality, then you can use technology to keep tight rein over your bedroom. The Clapper was once a great way for control freaks to turn lights on and off. Today, technology has moved way beyond that. Get lights that you can control with a smart phone app. Some even let you change the light’s color.
You can also take an old-school approach to keeping things organized, which will make you feel like you have more control. If you collect books, get enough shelving so you can organize them by author, title, or genre.
1. You Have a Chaotic Personality
Key design element: let things fall where they may
Some people thrive when they have control over every aspect of their lives. Other people prefer the opposite. They like a good dose of chaos to spark their creativity and keep them on their feet.
If you have a personality that loves chaos, bring some random elements into your bedroom. A fan with lightweight fabrics attached to it will create the illusion of blowing chaos at all times. You can also leave your clothes purposefully unorganized. Instead of pairing socks before putting them away, dump them all in the same drawer so you’ll have to search for mates, or decide that you want to wear two colors that day.
If your preference for chaos makes it hard to sleep, consider using a white noise machine that will create a room of numbing static for your mind.
What bedroom designs would suit your personality? Do you find that certain elements make you feel peaceful while others drive you mad?Last night NBC Nightly News ran a piece by Dawn Fratangelo on email overload in the business world (article and video posted here along with some additional email management tips here). They report that more email messages are sent in a day than standard mail is sent through the postal system in year, estimating that the average corporate e-mail customer receives 133 emails/day.
Please help us validate these numbers by taking our email usage survey here.
[Hat tip to my father, who was almost as excited as I was to see this problem get some mainstream media attention!]/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/63491321/img_7249_e1492199503803.0.jpg)
I write, often harshly, about The People of the Gun. I harbor a dim view of Second Amendment advocates.
With each new shooting in Chicago, I have become more terrified of guns and the people who carry them.
It’s time I actually met one.
OPINION
Alfreda Keith Keller did not fit my cynical view of a gun lover. She doesn’t wear horns. She doesn’t drive a pickup truck.
Keller, 63, is an African American, retired Cook County juvenile probation officer. The south suburban resident is hyper busy, tutoring school children, substitute teaching, volunteering with at-risk youth.
And, as she proudly asserts, “a Certified Instructor with the Illinois State Police to teach the Conceal Carry Classes for Illinois.”
We met for coffee in Bronzeville on a recent Saturday morning. Keller arrived wearing a black beret and a winsome smile.
Her gun was in the car.
What’s a nice lady like you doing teaching people how to shoot?
:no_upscale()/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/16081542/img_7336_e1492199417264.png)
It was an urge deeply rooted in her girlhood, in downstate in Springfield. Dad had served in the military. He “would take me to the state fair every year and to the shooting arcade, so it was like a skill thing, shoot the duck and win the prize. He kinda guided me in techniques,” she recalled. “I didn’t realize he was kind of preparing me then, for guns later on.”
In 2005, as she was preparing to retire, she started taking self-defense classes, then classes to get a gun permit, then learning conceal carry laws, eventually qualifying as an instructor.
Now other black women seek her out for lessons. Some have inherited guns from fathers or husbands, she said. “A lot of women are fearful. They’re fearful of like, now, the shootings on the Dan Ryan. Of being in the car, going out.”
Keller is a zealous evangelist for making them feel safe, by using guns responsibly. Her wallet is packed with gun permits, licenses, certifications. She totes a black leather portfolio is stuffed with detailed lesson plans, rules, study guides.
She owns six guns, which she keeps in a safe at home. Her favorite: her “357.” She practices shooting every day.
Keller loves to hit the road on her on her Honda VTX, another later-in-life acquisition. She keeps her gun in the saddlebag. “I have a patch on my motorcycle vest that says, ‘I may look cute and cuddly, but I’m locked and loaded.’ ”
Look at the headlines about street crime. Don’t we need fewer guns, and more gun control?
“Those are illegal guns,” she replied. .”
I connected with Keller via Chicago Guns Matter, a group of African Americans who, their web site declares, “are here to share with the urban community how to exercise their fundamental constitutional right to keep and bear arms.”
She rejects the “stigma” that guns are associated with bad guys. “We have doctors, lawyers, eye doctors, all kinds of professional people that have been shooting for years. Who now are embracing the fact that they can conceal carry. And that they maybe can reduce the bad actions that happen in their neighborhoods.”
Keller is a delightful and passionate advocate for legal gun responsibility and safety. We need that in our neighborhoods.
Send letters to letters@suntimes.com.The book, Dark Ambition: The Shocking Crime of Dellen Millard and Mark Smich, tells the story of the Tim Bosma murder investigation and trial. It also provides the most complete picture available of the upcoming Laura Babcock and Wayne Millard murder trials
You can buy it online at McNally Robinson, Chapters/Indigo, Amazon.ca and Amazon.com. Or you can pick it up in your local indie bookstore, Chapters, Indigo, Coles — and at Costco.
Here are some FAQs:
Aren’t there still two murder trials to come? How come you wrote the book now?
Yes, Millard and Smich are still awaiting trial for the murder of Laura Babcock. And Millard has also been charged with the death of his father. Dark Ambition has all the information currently available about both those cases, but it focuses mainly on the terrible and tragic Tim Bosma murder case. Think of it as a story within a story.
This was such a terrible crime, do I really want to read about it in detail?
Obviously, there is no getting away from the evilness of the murder at the centre of this book, but there are also uplifting elements in seeing how hard so many people worked in the search for justice for Tim Bosma. The police investigation involved hundreds of officers and multiple sources. There is everything from CSI-style forensics work to old fashioned eye witnesses, who noticed things that were out of the ordinary. For example, there’s the Toronto man who spotted the Ambition tattoo that would lead to Millard’s identification, the dog-walking neighbour who saw strange vehicle activity near the Bosma home on the night of Tim’s abduction, and the dirt biker who came across a mysterious machine on Millard’s farm.
Is this a courtroom drama too?
There are many trial scenes including fascinating cross examinations carried out by both the prosecution and defence lawyers. It was high drama when Mark Smich’s lawyer Thomas Dungey cross examined Millard’s friend and mechanic, Shane Schlatman. And Crown attorney Craig Fraser’s cross examination of Smich was riveting to watch and devastating to the witness.
Can I read an excerpt of Dark Ambition?
Yes the National Post published a short section about Christina Noudga. And the Toronto Star featured the section about the man who went on an earlier test drive with Millard and Smich and noticed Millard’s tattoo.
You may also be interested to watch the fifth estate documentary, The Murder of Tim Bosma : The Devil Had a NameIt’s a good day on the ASX for the the drug development company
The post The Dimerix (ASX:DXB) share price is up 3% on Thursday appeared first on The Motley Fool Australia. –
The Dimerix Ltd (ASX: DXB) share price is gaining today despite no news having been released by the company.
In fact, the market hasn’t heard anything from Dimerix in more than a week.
Right now, Dimerix’s shares are swapping hands for 35 cents apiece, 2.94% more than they were at yesterday’s close.
Let’s take a look at what might be boosting the drug development company’s stock on Thursday.
What’s boosting Dimerix’s stock today?
The Dimerix share price has well and truly recovered from a major fall last week.
Last Tuesday, Dimerix released a prospectus for a share purchase plan, to the detriment of its share price. Under the prospectus, investors could purchase up to $30,000 worth of new Dimerix shares for 20 cents apiece.
The Dimerix share price plummeted 11.7% to 30 cents following the prospectus’ release. Luckily, it bounced back quickly.
Perhaps Dimerix’s recovery was aided by its announcement that it had begun its phase 3 clinical study in patients with focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (FSGS). The study is named ACTION3.
The company broke the news that it’s filed the first ethics submission for the study last Wednesday. If the submission is approved, the company can begin recruiting patients.
The study is expected to run over 167 sites in 18 countries, with Australia and New Zealand set to be the first out of the gate.
Dimerix will be testing the efficacy and safety of DMX-200 in patients with FSGS who are receiving a stable dose of an angiotensin II receptor blocker.
The company expects to screen the first of the study’s patients in the last quarter of 2021.
Dimerix share price snapshot
Today’s gains have added to the strong recent performance of the Dimerix share price.
The company’s shares are currently going for 45% more than they were at the start of 2021. However, they’re still trading for 50% less than they were this time last year.
The post The Dimerix (ASX:DXB) share price is up 3% on Thursday appeared first on The Motley Fool Australia.
Should you invest $1,000 in Dimerix right now?
Before you consider Dimerix, you’ll want to hear this.
Motley Fool Investing expert Scott Phillips just revealed what he believes are the 5 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Dimer
Dimerix (ASX:DXB) share price down 10% after prospectus issued
Dimerix (ASX:DXB) share price rockets 50% on capital raise and.I had a beautiful, full term baby boy who died. I had a miscarriage at 5 weeks in September 2008. Today is a day they are both nationally remembered. It is Pregnancy and Infant Loss Remembrance Day. I will be lighting a candle at 7:00 to remember mine. Who will you be lighting a candle for?
This is a poem one of my best friends Mandy B. wrote and gave to us on Connor's 1st Birthday. I thought today would be a perfect day to share it.
Our Angel
Hello our little angel,
Has it already been a year?
We are looking to the future,
But always wishing you were here.
But always wishing you were here.
You're the brightest little angel,
We see your spirit glow,
We see it in the stars at night,
We love your twinkle show.
You're the cutest little angel,
Your face, your dad's and mine.
Your tiny fingers and perfect nose,
We long to see in time.
You're our favorite little angel,
A boy we love so much,
A gift we miss so dearly,
A dream we long to touch.
God watches you our angel,
He protects you and keeps you warm,
We feel at ease knowing he is there,
To keep you from any harm.
Be at peace our little angel,
Mommy and Daddy know,
You love us as much as we love you,
Through you our lives will grow.
So for now our little angel,
We'll wait to hold you again,
It's not a matter of if or how,
But just a matter of when.
Hello, our little angel,
Has it already been a year?
We'll never say goodbye to you,
but always wish that you were here.
Thank you Mandy B. Love you.
So light a candle at 7 p.m. Help us remember those that have been lost.....
Love and miss you like crazy sweet Connor James. Mommy, Daddy & Mia LOVE LOVE LOVE you so much!
4 comments:
I have been thinking of you and Connor today. I know how much you miss him.
My candle is lit for Samuel Lee. Oh how I miss him.
We have our candle lit for Connor!!! Thinking about you guys and keeping you in our prayers!
The candles have been lit. That poem is beautiful! Thinking of you tonight!
Beautiful poem. I am a lurker but I thought of Conner yesterday and said a prayer for him, you and your husband, and Mia.Alchemint 2020 Roadmap
As the project develop, Alchemint had update the roadmap for 2020.
Here’s the details:
Q1
Major Upgrade for NEO Platform
Optimized performance and user experience, prepared for mobile version and app version
Q2
Mobile Version / Official Mobile App
Will provide more user friendly interaction.
App will have feature such as more option to login, notification center
Multi-Asset Collateral
Based on NEO blockchian to development, will enable selected NEP-5 as collateral asset to issue SDUSD.
Q3&Q4
Alchemint Governance System
SDS holder use Governance system to vote for next decision, allow holder have more power to participate the project
SDUSD Swap System
Allow people swap their SDUSD(Between NEO-SDUSD, ETH-SDUSD, and RBTC-SDUSD through a decentralized system.
2021
Alchemint Mainnet
Crosschian capability, will allow SDS holder to staking SDS, people participate staking will earn SDS not only new block produce, but also people liquidate asset.
More details will share in second half of the yearSpeaking & Webinars
Your greatest opportunity as a leader is to be exactly who you are.
Our mission is focused on strengthening leaders at every level to discover your unique leadership talents, maximize your potential and do work that matters to you. Presentations can be delivered as a keynote, via webinar or onsite.
Every adventure needs a trustworthy guide. Let's take the journey together.
manage
verb man.age \ 'ma-nij \
to handle or direct with a degree of skill;
to work upon or try to alter for a purpose;
to succeed in attaining one's aim.
01/
Manage Yourself
There is only one way to lead - your way. Explore your toolbox of skills and individual style of leadership to create your mission to success.
02/
Manage People
Learn how to successfully leverage the various strengths of the team you are working with to create a dynamic group that achieves targets together.
03/
Manage Change
Understand how you can use the unprecedented pace of change to expand your skillset and drive results. Without change, growth is limited.
04/
Manage Results
Develop the skill to define key performance indicators (KPIs) that help you repeatedly achieve planned and desired outcomes under the scope of continuous change.
05/
Manage Success
Success is never given - it is conquered over and over again. Sometimes we win, and sometimes we learn. Recognize when you are in the 'learning curve' and how it benefits you as a leader.
What others are saying
“We were delighted to have you. Really good session with lots of positive comments. Looking forward to the opportunity for future presentations. ”
- Gary VanAntwerp, Vice President, Training Magazine Network
70,000 HR member platform
“Thanks so much for the great presentation! I’ve gotten a ton of great feedback from the webinar! I hope we can work together again in the future.”
- John R. Spivey, Silk Road, HR Solutions & Talent Management (webinar sponsor)
“I finally heard someone who really knows what they are talking about. “
- Bryon B, P.E. Thailand
“You led a fantastic webinar and helped us to think more deeply about how to engage Associates.”
- Adam G, Management Consultant, Chicago
“Thanks for having us, looking forward to our next meeting” -Steve
Great!! Thanks” -Jennifer C
“Thank for sharing your thoughts based on research & experience.”
- Odu
“Thank you for the webinar!” -Bernadette
“Good information from a good topic” –Diane H
“Great session!!”
-M Norrell
“Thank you. Great job!!!!!!”
-Connie T.Fabiola Giardinaro - Santa Penguins Stamp Set
£8.49
£8.99
SKU: CEC967 Fabiola Giardinaro
Free UK Shipping
on all orders over £30
Secure Payments
Look for the padlock
Fun stamps designed by Fabiola Giardinaro who is an experienced Italian designer, who’s stamps are just calling out to be coloured, one of Fabiola’s favourite things to do. These penguin based seven stamp DL size stamp set is sure to bring a smile to your face as you work with the stamps. These stamps can be used on all sorts of medium including paper, card, mdf etc. Use with ink pads or multi-surface paint (permanent on fabric, when heat sealed with an iron wash at 30°). Deep etched, quality photopolymer.. Made in the UK.Find the best hospices near Maquoketa, Iowa
Browse hospices in Maquoketa, Iowa. Ever Loved makes it easy to see available Maquoketa, Iowa hospices, so you can compare your options and determine the best fit for your loved one.
Browsing 1 - 10 of 10 hospices near Maquoketa, Iowa
Planning a funeral?
Planning a funeral?
Easily keep everyone in the loop with a free memorial website.
Reviews are from GoogleCAIRO, Dec. 13 (Xinhua) -- Casting shadow over the world this year, the COVID-19 pandemic has been suffocating almost all economies and strangling their business activities, especially the cross-border cooperation.
Nevertheless, in remote deserts and along the Gulf bay, Chinese workers, shoulder to shoulder with local friends, have never stopped their efforts in building various projects of landmarks, energy and technologies.
These projects under the China-proposed Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) have been lighting up the murky circumstances and creating a brighter future for participants and the China-Middle East ties.
AFRICA'S TALLEST SKYSCRAPER-TO-BE
"The project team focuses on safety standards, and we are particularly impressed by the new technologies and methods from China," said Yara, a student from Egypt's Ain Shams University, when visiting the construction site of a new capital CBD project by China State Construction Engineering Corporation (CSCEC).
Located some 50 km east of the capital Cairo, the project is under construction by Chinese and Egyptian workers. It includes a planned 385-meter high Iconic Tower, which is expected to be the tallest skyscraper in Africa upon completion, a candidate for Egypt's another landmark like pyramids.
"The tower is a spectacular project built by a perfect team." Ibrahim Samy, professor from the Faculty of Engineering and Materials Science at German University in Cairo, expressed amazement after a visit in October.
In late November, the main structure of a high-rise office building completed its roof-sealing, a milestone in the project, and an even more remarkable achievement considering all the difficulties from the pandemic.
Since the virus outbreak in Egypt this February, the CSCEC has adopted strict anti-virus measures to ensure the safety in the construction area, where all the staff and workers are required to wear face masks and gloves, ride in designated vehicles, and receive regular temperature tests.
Around 7,000 personnel working and living there have been protected from the pandemic, some of them saying "it's much safer here."
"The CSCEC (Egypt) will continue to strengthen the security barrier against the pandemic, push forward the construction of the new capital CBD project, and create a happy living environment for the Egyptian people," said the construction giant on its social media.
A LETTER OF THANKS
"After what we have experienced, choosing to stay and work for the project will become one of our most beautiful memories. I call it solidarity and brotherhood," said Fang Jie, construction manager of Hunutlu Thermal Power Plant in Turkey, in a letter to his colleagues. "Thank you all."
Turkey, the worst-hit country by COVID-19 in the Middle East, has so far registered over 1.8 million infections. However, altogether 1,831 Chinese and Turkish personnel chose to stay and continue their work.
Moreover, to speed up the construction, 455 Chinese staff members, some of them having newborn babies or just graduating from school, flew to Turkey and joined the project in August, regardless of health risks.
The Chinese side has also organized volunteers to clean the beach near the construction site, and invested in improving local environment for sea turtles to lay and hatch eggs, earning good reputation from local residents.
Located in the southern province of Adana, the Hunutlu project, with a total investment of 1.7 billion U.S. dollars mainly from the Shanghai Electric Power Company, is China's biggest project with direct investment in Turkey, and a flagship project linking the BRI with Turkey's "Middle Corridor" vision.
It, including the construction of the power plant and ports specially designed for coal transportation, is expected to have a capacity of 1,320 megawatt after completion, and to generate 9 billion kilowatt hours every year with full operation, accounting for an estimated 3 percent of all electricity supplies across Turkey.
KEEPER OF PROMISE
In the desert of southeastern Jordan, over 2,000 Chinese staff members are constructing the Attarat Oil Shale Power Plant. It is expected to become Jordan's largest one upon completion, meeting around 15 percent of the country's need for power.
After two months of suspension caused by COVID-19, construction has been gradually resumed since early May, said Luo Xiongdong, with China Energy Engineering Group Guangdong Power Engineering, constructor of the project.
He said Chinese workers were not startled by the pandemic, even when the situation in Jordan has worsened in past weeks, but continued their work with high-level preventive measures, so as to keep the promise for the Arab country.
One generator under construction will be delivered by the end of this year and another one next year, Luo added.
Ibrahim Gharaibeh, a researcher at the University of Jordan's Center for Strategic Studies, said the BRI and Chinese people have helped launch and push forward the plant project, "which creates huge opportunities for Jordan, a state highly dependent on energy imports."
In the United Arab Emirates (UAE), with which China has comprehensive strategic partnership, staff of Harbin Electric International Company Limited also kept the pace in building the Hassyan clean coal power plant.
Safeguarded by high-standard health and hygiene measures, the company has realized important achievements, such as the connection to the grid for power generation. At the beginning of December, the project's commercial operation started.
As a key project to play an important role in supporting the UAE Clean Energy Strategy 2050, the Hassyan plant is the first investment project by the Silk Road Fund in the Middle East, and will be the first clean coal power plant in Mideast when completed. Professional Services Specialist is responsible for managing projects that enhance and perpetuate the customer journey across all OmegaFi products. This includes, but is not limited to, onboarding, configuration, training, public presentations, documentation, product integrations and custom development. The Professional Services Specialist is organized and skilled at solving complex problems with a goal of achieving customer satisfaction. The Professional Services Specialist works closely with members of other cross-functional teams and departments to complete tasks and achieve goals according to project timelines. Individuals in this role must be self-motivated with the ability to take initiative and communicate effectively with other team members, stakeholders and external customers.
Experience/Skills:
Required:
- Two or more years of experience in Project Management, Business Development, Account Management or other client-facing role.
- Excellent project management and organizational skills with the ability to multi-task.
- Excellent communication skills to include process documentation, persuasive writing, public speaking and interpersonal skills.
- Skilled in examining and re-engineering operations and procedures to include creating repeatable processes.
- The ability to simplify and explain complex logic and processes in a manner that is easy to understand.
- Exceptional skills in Microsoft Office and Adobe Acrobat applications and other presentation tools.
- Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
- Strong leadership skills.
- Strong customer service skills to include proactive communication and responsiveness to customer inquiries.
- A self-starter with the ability to work with people in a team capacity and independently.
- A high degree of attention to detail.
- An unquestionable work ethic and the ability to carry out established goals.
- The ability to concentrate for extended periods (several hours) with interruptions.
Preferred:
- Bachelor’s Degree.
- Experience with training software users.
- Basic knowledge of the software development lifecycle.
- Knowledge of fraternal organizations.
- Fraternity/sorority membership.
- A valid driver's license.
Responsibilities:
Potential travel 5-6 times per year for training/onboarding. (Travel provided).
Project Management – 25% of time:
- Oversee projects to ensure satisfactory timeline completion as expected by internal and external customers.
- Lead meetings with customers and/or their vendors to extract and document requirements.
- Provide ongoing updates and track progress throughout project.
- Provide timely consultation for problem resolution.
- Provide high level of customer service throughout duration of the project.
Training and Documentation – 30% of time:
- Maintain thorough knowledge of all OmegaFi products and services.
- Maintain training materials and documentation, to include videos, knowledge bases and other in-app help, for all OmegaFi products and services.
- Facilitate training sessions, either virtual or in person, to external users for all OmegaFi products and services.
- Assist other team members as needed with preparation for training events.
- Collaborate with other cross-functional teams and departments to create and execute customer communication and education plans.
- Coordinate ongoing training and education to ensure users are positioned to maximize benefit of products and services.
- Provide insight to improve customer education resources.
Onboarding and Configuration – 30% of time:
- Onboard new customers and transition to Managed Services/Software Support for all OmegaFi products and services.
- Ensure a positive initial impression for customers.
- Ensure customers are trained and familiar with products/services before transitioned to Managed Services/Software Support.
- Maintain implementation checklists and corresponding resources/documentation for all OmegaFi product and services.
- Manage process to change/update configuration options which require IT involvement.
- Ensure applicable fees for new and/or updated services are invoiced to customers accordingly.
Integrations, Custom Development and Data Requests – 15% of time:
- Manage implementation process for all new product integrations and custom development projects to include unique, client-specific product enhancements and chart of accounts updates.
- Manage process for any changes to existing integrations and/or custom development.
- Manage process for all customer data requests.
- Work closely with IT product managers and developers to ensure development functions properly and meets internal and external requirements.
- Maintain checklists and other resources/documentation for all integrations, custom development and data request processes.
- Maintain record of all current and inactive integrations and custom development.
- Manage deconversion process for national partnerships and ensure all associated tasks are completed according to the timeline.
- Ensure applicable fees for new and/or updated integrations, custom development and data requests are invoiced to customers accordingly.: $40,000 USD per yearIf the idea of swilling oil around your mouth each morning for 20 mins, before you’ve even had a chance to devour your cherished morning coffee, makes you want to keep scrolling, hear me out! Don’t get me wrong, it does take a bit of getting used to but this is one morning practice that definitely outweighs the doubts for those of you who are still a little hesitant - think softer lips, whiter teeth, fresher breath … shall I go on?
Oil pulling is an ancient Ayurvedic technique and a great natural alternative to synthetic mouthwash. When swilled around the mouth, the antibacterial properties of the oil draw out toxins, bacteria and fungus which has been shown to alleviate inflammation and congestion from the entire body, not just the mouth.
The amazing benefits of oil pulling include (but are not limited to):
- Fresher breath
- Whiter/ cleaner teeth
- Improved oral hygiene and less plaque build up
- Less tooth sensitivity
- Softer lips and moisturised throat (Big win!! Especially at this time of year when a lip balm can never be far away)
- Prevention of cavities
- Reduced inflammation of gums (gingivitis)
- Easing symptoms of sinisitis
- Clearer, shinier skin - due to the removal of toxins
- Soothing a sore, dry throat
- Reduced joint pain
How to Oil Pull?
First you will need a good quality oil. Ideally organic, extra virgin, cold pressed coconut/ sesame/ olive oil. For first timer's, I would recommend coconut - it is my oil of choice as it is a great all rounder with strong antibacterial properties and is the most palatable (once you’re used to letting it melt in your mouth!)
- Place a tbsp of your chosen oil in your mouth (start with a tsp first if that is too much), ideally first thing in the morning, on an empty stomach, before you have brushed your teeth.
- Swill the oil around you mouth for 15-20 mins being careful not to swallow any, as the oil will contain the bacteria and toxins which you don’t want to put back into your body. (If 20 mins feels too long at first, start small and build up to this - it does take a while to become comfortable with it but a little bit is better than none).
- Spit the oil out into the bin not into the sink as the oil can solidify and block your pipes.
- Lastly rinse your mouth with some warm water to remove any remaining oil and brush you teeth. Your teeth and mouth will feel sparkling clean.
This is one of the best, inexpensive self care practices. I try to do this regularly and follow it with a cup of hot water and lemon (sometimes with a tsp of apple cider vinegar) to really cleanse and kick start my digestive system. I have noticed a remarkable improvement in the sensitivity of my teeth, something I’ve always struggled with and they really feel so much cleaner.
Plus it's like a mini workout for your face and jaw to kickstart your day.
My biggest tip:
Some people really struggle to squeeze this in first thing in the morning and let's be honest, another thing to think about early in the morning can be a challenge; but I find that keeping a jar in the bathroom and popping a spoonful in just before I jump in the shower and carry on getting ready for the day is the best way to fit it in.
Why not give it a try for a week and let me know how you get on!Kilauea Iki Crater view-4584
Rate this image
Image Description:
Kilauea Iki Crater, Hawaii Voncanoes National Park, steam from the Kikauea Caldera crater can be seen to the rear
Keywords:hawaii, volcano, crater, lava pool, kilauea iki crater, overlook, lookout, 1959 lava, volcano, volcanic
License:
accept license and edit with pixlrStriped Crimp 3/4 Sleeve Dress
Regular price $108.00 Sale price
$127.00
Unit price
per
Our Striped Crimp fabric in a 3/4 sleeve, scoop neck, inset side pocket, gathered bottom detail, above the ankle, dress. 90% Viscose, 9% Poly, 1% Lycra. As shown, available in Cognac only. Model is 5’ 7” and is wearing size S.- Research
- Open Access
- Published:
Conservative oxygen therapy for critically ill patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials
Journal of Intensive Care volume 9, Article number: 47 (2021)
2169 Accesses
2 Altmetric
-.
Introduction
Supplemental oxygen is an essential therapy for patients. In the intensive care unit (ICU) setting, critically ill patients with or at risk for impaired pulmonary gas exchange always receive oxygen therapy to avoid hypoxemia [1]. Clinicians may tend to feel reassured when patients’ oxygen saturation approaches 100%. However, increasing data have shown that exposure to high levels of inspired oxygen may relate to many adverse events, such as acute lung injury, interstitial fibrosis, and bronchitis [2, 3]. Besides, hyperoxia may also cause cardiovascular, cerebrovascular, and systemic peripheral vasoconstriction, and decreased cardiac output, leading to ischemia and hypoxia in various organs [4,5,6]. Thus, a conservative oxygen strategy has been proposed [7].
In 2016, Girardis et al. conducted a randomized controlled trial (RCT) to compare conservative oxygen strategy with conventional oxygen therapy in ICU patients. They found that a conservative strategy (maintain PaO2 between 70 and 100 mmHg or arterial oxyhemoglobin saturation [SpO2] between 94 and 98%) had lower mortality and more ventilator-free days [8]. In the same year, a published meta-analysis that included 25 RCTs with 16,037 acutely ill patients supported implementing such a conservative oxygen strategy [1]. However, the meta-analysis had significant heterogeneity in disease categories, including stroke, trauma, sepsis, cardiac, and emergency surgery. Moreover, stroke and myocardial infarction contributed more than 90% of the included patients in this meta-analysis, while only two ICU studies, accounting for 4% of the overall patients, were included.
Additionally, two meta-analyses about the same topics only focusing on ICU patients were published in 2019 [9, 10] and showed that conservative oxygen therapy significantly reduced short-term mortality and the incidence of organ dysfunction. However, the inclusion of few, relatively small studies with different study designs might result in significant heterogeneity. Therefore, considering most ICU patients have more severe hypoxemia, using conservative oxygen therapy in these patients remains controversial.
Several studies comparing different oxygen strategies in ICU patients have recently been published, and some of these studies had a relatively large sample size [11,12,13]. Therefore, to address the limitations of previous analyses, we sought to conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis by pooling available RCTs to examine these two oxygen strategies’ effect and safety in this patient population.
Methods
We conducted the current systematic review and meta-analysis following the PRISMA guidance [14] (Additional file 1). The protocol has been registered on the International Platform of Registered Systematic Review and Meta-analysis Protocols database (INPLASY202070044) and is available in full on inplasy.com ( 10.37766/inplasy2020.7.0044).
Search strategy
Two authors (X-L C and CM) independently searched potentially relevant studies in PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane database from inception to Feb 15, 2021. The details in the search strategy are summarized in Additional file 2. Our study was limited to RCTs, and no language restriction was applied. Reference lists of included articles and other meta-analyses were also reviewed.
Selection criteria
We included RCTs that focused on adult ICU patients receiving either conservative oxygen strategy or conventional oxygen strategy. Each study’s authors determined the specific definitions of both oxygen therapy strategies. Predefined outcomes included mortality rate, length of stay in ICU and hospital, duration of mechanical ventilation (MV), and adverse events during treatment. We excluded studies enrolling patients <18 years old, suffering the risk of ischemia or hypoxic encephalopathy (i.e., stroke, myocardial infarction, and cardiac arrest), and receiving palliative care, and publications only in abstract form or meeting reports. We contacted the authors if associated data from their studies were required.
Data extraction and quality assessment
Two authors (X-LC and CM) independently extracted data from the included studies, such as the first author, year of publication, setting, country, sample size, study design, setting, treatment protocols, comparator, and severity of illness as well as all predefined outcomes. The included studies’ quality was evaluated using the risk of bias tool recommended by the Cochrane Collaboration [15]. We assigned a value of high, unclear, and low to the following items: sequence generation, allocation concealment, blinding, incomplete outcome data, selective outcome reporting, and other sources of bias. We identified and resolved the discrepancies through discussion.
Statistical analysis
The primary outcome was the longest follow-up mortality. To explore the robustness and the influence of hypoxemia severity on our primary outcome, we performed sensitivity analyses based on PaO2/FiO2 levels (i.e., mild, moderate, and severe hypoxemia, defined as PaO2/FiO2 of >200 mmHg, 100–200 mmHg, and <100 mmHg, respectively). We also evaluated other mortality at different study periods (i.e., stay in ICU, or 30 days, 60 days, 90 days after recruitment), if available. Secondary outcomes included oxygen exposures (i.e., SpO2, PaO2, FiO2, and PaO2: FiO2), duration of MV, length of stay in ICU and hospital, Sequential Organ Failure Assessment (SOFA) scores after treatment, and adverse events.
The results from all relevant studies were merged to estimate the pooled risk ratio (RR) and associated 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for dichotomous outcomes. For the continuous outcomes, mean differences (MD) and 95% CIs were estimated as effective. Some included RCTs reported median as the measure of treatment effect, with interquartile range (IQR). We estimated the mean from median and standard deviations (SD) from IQR using the methods described in the previous studies [16]. Heterogeneity was tested with I2 statistics. An I2 < 50% indicates insignificant heterogeneity, and we used a fixed-effect model accordingly, whereas we chose a random-effect model in cases of significant heterogeneity (I2 > 50%) [17]. Publication bias was evaluated by visually inspecting funnel plots when at least ten studies were included in this meta-analysis. A P-value of < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. All statistical analyses were performed by Review Manager Version 5.3.
Result
Study selection
The electronic search identified 1295 relevant studies. Of these, 13 full-text studies were read for potential eligibility. Based on the full-text evaluation, we excluded five studies summarized in Additional file 3 with exclusion reasons. Finally, we included 7 RCTs, with a total of 5265 patients, in this systemic review and meta-analysis [2, 8, 11,12,13, 18, 19] (Fig. 1).
Study characteristics and quality
The characteristics of the included RCTs are described in Table 1. The definitions of inclusion and exclusion criteria and oxygen therapy regimen for patients are summarized in Additional file 4. These studies were published between 2015 and 2021, with sample sizes ranging from 104 to 2928 cases. Five of the 7 RCTs were multicenter studies [2, 11, 12, 18, 19]. The hypoxemia severity of recruiting patients varied among the included trials, with 4 RCTs included patients without hypoxemia severity limited [11, 12, 18, 19], while 2 RCTs excluded patients with PaO2/FiO2 <100 mmHg [2, 13], and 1 RCT excluded patients with PaO2/FiO2 <150 mmHg [8]. Three RCTs were terminated early for safety reasons, low likelihood of a significant difference between the groups, difficulty in patient recruitment, or significant difference between the two groups [2, 8, 11].
The Cochrane risk of bias score for each citation varied across the studies (Additional file 5). All included RCTs were at high risks because of unblinding design. We did not assess the publication bias because of the limited number (< 10) of each analysis’s studies.
Primary outcome
All 7 RCTs reported the longest follow-up mortality, and the pooled analysis showed similar mortality rate between conservative and conventional groups (7 RCTs, N=5225; RR, 1.01; 95% CI, 0.94–1.09; I2=40%; P=0.77) [2, 8, 11,12,13, 18, 19] (Fig. 2). Further excluding any single study did not significantly change the overall combined RR, ranging from 1.02 (95% CI, 0.91–1.15; P = 0.71) to 1.12 (95% CI, 0.95–1.32; P = 0.19).
Subsequently, we performed a predefined sensitivity analysis. Among the included RCTs, four included ICU patients with various levels of hypoxemia [11, 12, 18, 19], and three studies [2, 8, 13] excluded patients with severe hypoxemia from their inclusion criteria. Therefore, we pooled these two types of studies with or without severe hypoxemia (PaO2/FiO2 <100 mmHg) separately. When the analysis was limited to those RCTs that included all levels of hypoxemia of patients, the combined RR remained unchanged (4 RCTs, N=4143; RR, 0.96; 95% CI, 0.89–1.04; I2=0%; P=0.32) (Fig. 2 (2.1.1)). When only combining RCTs that excluded patients with severe hypoxemia, we found that conservative oxygen strategies can significantly decrease short-term mortality (3 RCTs, N=1082; RR, 1.31; 95% CI, 1.08–1.57; I2=0%; P=0.005) (Fig. 2 (2.1.2)). These findings were also confirmed in other study periods (Table 2).
Secondary outcomes
All the included RCTs reported the oxygen exposures after treatment and suggested that the conventional group had significantly higher SpO2 and PaO2 than that in the conservative group (Table 3). Four RCTs [2, 8, 12, 18] reported the outcome of MV-free days, and pooled data showed no significant difference between the two groups (4 RCTs, n=707, SMD, −0.15 days; 95% CI, −0.48 to 0.17, I2=91%; P=0.36). The length of stay in the ICU (4 RCTs [2, 8, 12, 18], n=1936, MD, 0.17 days; 95% CI, −0.36 to 0.69, I2=33%; P=0.53) and hospital [8, 12, 18] (3 RCTs, n=1466, MD, −0.53 days; 95% CI, −2.03 to 0.98, I2=0%; P=0.49) was also similar. ∆SOFA score was evaluated by 3 RCTs [2, 11, 18] and showed no difference between groups (3 RCTs, n=1466, MD, −0.53 days; 95% CI, −2.03 to 0.98, I2=0%; P=0.49). As to adverse events, pneumonia (3 RCTs [2, 8, 11], n=1069; RR, 0.92; 95% CI, 0.72 to 1.18, I2=33%; P=0.52), mesenteric ischemia (3 RCTs [2, 11, 19], n=3545, RR, 1.15; 95% CI, 0.73 to 1.19, I2=47%; P=0.55), and stroke (3 RCTs [11, 12, 19], n=4076, RR, 0.93; 95% CI, 0.53 to 1.63, I2=15%; P=0.79) were the most frequently reported among the included studies and were comparable between the groups. The details in other adverse events are summarized in Additional file 6.
Discussion
In this update systemic review and meta-analysis, we investigated the safety and effectiveness of conservative oxygen strategy in ICU patients. Our findings indicated that conservative oxygen therapy strategy did not improve the prognosis of the overall ICU patients. However, further sensitivity analysis showed that patients with mild-to-moderate hypoxemia and conservative strategy had a significantly lower mortality rate, without affecting other important clinical outcomes such as MV-free days, length of stay in ICU and hospital, ∆SOFA, and adverse events.
Our results in relation to previous reviews
Two recently published meta-analyses reported that conservative oxygen therapy significantly improved survival in ICU patients [9, 10]. However, interpretation of the results from Hirase et al. is limited because their meta-analysis [9] was based on only four trials, including 742 cases, and two of these trials were observational studies [20, 21], thus leading to potential selection bias. The same applies to the meta-analysis by Liu et al. [10]. The study also pooled four trials; one was an observational study [20], and one RCT was in abstract form only [22]. To address these shortcomings, we included only RCTs focusing on ICU patients in our meta-analysis. In addition to the previously included RCTs [2, 8], we added five more recently published RCTs [11,12,13, 18, 19] with a more statistical power of 5265 patients to examine our primary outcome. Further sensitivity analysis suggested that patients with different hypoxemia severity might contribute to the heterogeneity in the present meta-analysis, whereas sensitivity analysis basing hypoxemia severity resolved the issue of heterogeneity among the included studies.
Another most recently published meta-analysis by Zhao et al. [23] investigated the association between different oxygenation goals and the prognosis in critically ill mechanical ventilation patients. The authors found a worse prognosis for patients with liberal (PaO2>150 mmHg) or far more conservative targets (PaO2=55–70 mmHg) had a worse prognosis than the moderate (PaO2=90–150 mmHg). Though direct comparison was unavailable with our study because of the differences in study design and oxygenation classification, the meta-analysis suggested that different oxygenation goals might potentially lead to different mortalities in ventilated ICU patients.
Explain the results of our research
We found that ICU patients with mild-to-moderate hypoxemia can benefit from conservative oxygen therapy strategies. This finding is consistent with that of acutely ill patients’ findings in previous study (for example, patients with myocardial infarction and stroke) [8]. Conservative oxygen therapy can avoid the harm caused by hyperoxemia. Theoretically, during the ischemia-reperfusion process of ICU patients, hyperoxemia will affect the synthesis of ATP and promote the production of oxygen free radicals [24]. Simultaneously, hyperoxemia can cause superoxide and oxygen-free radical-mediated lung damage, leading to pulmonary interstitial fibrosis, atelectasis, bronchitis, alveolar protein leakage, and neutrophil infiltration [25].
Previous studies suggested that exposure to pure oxygen for about 6 to 25 h might cause clinical and histological changes such as bronchitis and alveolitis [26]. In the study by Suzuki et al. [27], the authors reported that the conservative strategy decreased the median total amount of oxygen delivered during MV by about two-thirds; it could reduce radiation-related atelectasis, weaning from the mandatory ventilation mode, and switch to the spontaneous breathing mode earlier. A French retrospective observational study [28] suggested that hyperoxemia, defined as PaO2 >120 mmHg, is independently associated with VAP (OR=1.89, 95% CI 1.23, 2.89). Moreover, the longer the patients were exposed to hyperoxia, the higher the incidence of VAP. Also, in clinical practice, a lower oxygenation target can lower the demand for respiratory support intensity of mechanically ventilated patients and reduce the occurrence of ventilator-related lung injury to a certain extent.
On the other hand, our results did not support the application of such a strategy for ICU patients with severe hypoxemia. Theoretically, these patients had more severe gas-exchange impairments and refractory hypoxemia, requiring higher intensity respiratory support [29]. As shown in the present meta-analysis, 83% (4316/5225) of the included patients are receiving MV [2, 8, 11,12,13, 18, 19]. The average PaO2/FiO2 ratio of patients in some included studies is only about 100 mmHg [11, 19]. In such scenarios, clinicians should pay more attention to oxygen delivery and oxygen utilization. Additionally, some advanced respiratory support techniques may be required for such a patient population, such as optimal PEEP titration, prone position ventilation, sedative anesthetic, muscle relaxant application, and even extracorporeal membrane oxygenation [7]. Data from ARDS patients have demonstrated that lower oxygenation levels are associated with poorer long-term neuropsychological and cognitive outcomes [30]. Thus, from a pathophysiological perspective, a conservative oxygen strategy does not seem appropriate at this time. Potential impairment due to high oxygen levels may not be a significant consideration for treatment influences in severe acute respiratory failure patients.
Current literature and future research
It is worth noting that there is currently no uniform standard for the oxygen titration setting of conservative oxygen therapy strategies. First, all the RCTs used SpO2 for monitoring. However, in some trials, the actual measured SpO2 differences between the conservative and the conventional groups were small (median of 2–4%) [11, 13, 18], and it seems unlikely that significant differences in mortality between the groups could be obtained. Second, some critical situations in ICU patients, such as severe hypoperfusion, can affect SpO2 measurement accuracy [31]. SpO2 is also much more dependent upon acid base and many other items. Additionally, though also used as oxygen titration in some trials, PaO2 cannot be continuously monitored and provide adequate monitoring and timely adjustments. Future trials will have to address how to set and implement a specific standard to reduce the defects of oxygenation target monitoring.
In addition, in patients with ARDS, its high degree of heterogeneity may be a potential cause of treatment failure [32, 33]. Researchers have currently proposed two different clinical subtypes of ARDS based on large-scale RCTs and biomarker changes [31]. Compared to subtype 1, subtype 2 is characterized by stronger inflammatory responses; longer hospital stays, MV time, and organ failure duration; and a poor prognosis. Such patients require higher PEEP support and restrictive fluid management [34]. Studies also found that ARDS patients with diffuse alveolar damage (DAD) were more likely to suffer severe oxygenation and worsened respiratory compliance, and often die of refractory hypoxemia [35]. However, although the included RCTs enrolled ARDS patients, none of them focused on screening ARDS subtypes. It remains unclear whether patients with different subtypes of ARDS respond differently to conservative oxygen therapy strategies.
Notably, some of the included studies reported finding more ischemic disorders such as intestinal ischemia [11] or myocardial ischemia [19] in the conservative oxygen group. These findings suggest the necessity of using microcirculatory assessment tools to guide monitoring during conservative treatment, in addition to macro-circulation. For instance, increased lactate can be early signs of mesenteric ischemia [36], jugular SvO2 as the cerebral oxygenation measurement to measure tissue oxygen saturation in the brain [37], and the sublingual microcirculation may well reflect the state of the tissue microcirculation [38]. These microcirculatory assessment tools might be helpful for early detection and prevention of hypoxia-related complications.
Strengths and limitations
Our study has some limitations. First, most included studies were unblinded [2, 8, 11, 18], which would more likely result in performance bias. However, this is determined by the study design; clinicians require dynamically adjusting the oxygenation target during the study period. Second, 3 trials had unexpected early termination of their researches and might increase the likelihood of overestimating [2, 8, 11]. Third, there was overlap among included trials concerning the range of SpO2 targets between conservative and conventional oxygen groups, and potentially compromises our findings’ robustness. Fourth, the uneven distribution of severe hypoxemia among included studies might also exert a prognostic value. We planned to perform subgroup analyses to explore studies based on such diversities, which was hampered by insufficient data. Finally, most of the included studies did not evaluate the long-term neurological function and complications, requiring more attention in future research.
Conclusion
In summary, our findings indicate that conservative oxygen therapy strategy did not improve the prognosis of the overall ICU patients. ICU patients with mild to moderate respiratory failure might obtain prognosis benefit from such a strategy without affecting other critical clinical results. Further studies are needed to identify our findings.
Availability of data and materials
All data generated or analyzed during this study are included in this published article.
Abbreviations
- CI:
Confidence interval
- FiO2 :
Fraction of inspiratory oxygen
- ICU:
Intensive care unit
- IQR:
Interquartile range
- MD:
Mean difference
- MV:
Mechanical ventilation
- PaO2 :
Partial pressure of arterial oxygen
- RR:
Risk ratio
- RCTs:
Randomized controlled trials
- SOFA:
Sequential organ failure assessment
- SpO2 :
Arterial oxyhemoglobin saturation
References
- 1..
- 2.(3):180–90..
- 3.
Pannu SR. Too much oxygen: hyperoxia and oxygen management in mechanically ventilated patients. Seminars in respiratory and critical care medicine. 2016;37(1):16–22..
- 4.
Cornet AD, Kooter AJ, Peters MJ, Smulders YM. The potential harm of oxygen therapy in medical emergencies. Crit Care. 2013;17(2):313.
- 5.
Farquhar H, Weatherall M, Wijesinghe M, Perrin K, Ranchord A, Simmonds M, et al. Systematic review of studies of the effect of hyperoxia on coronary blood flow. Am Heart J. 2009;158(3):371–7..
- 6.
Stub D, Smith K, Bernard S, Nehme Z, Stephenson M, Bray JE, et al. Air versus oxygen in ST-segment-elevation myocardial infarction. Circulation. 2015;131(24):2143–50..
- 7...
- 8.):1583–9..
- 9.
Hirase T, Ruff ES, Ratnani I, Surani SR. Impact of conservative versus conventional oxygenation on outcomes of patients in intensive care units: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Cureus. 2019;11(9):e5662..
- 10.
Liu Y, Liu X, Xu H, He Q, Wang D. Effect of conservative and conventional oxygen therapy on the prognosis of critically ill patients: a meta-analysis. Zhonghua wei zhong bing ji jiu yi xue. 2019;31(2):203–8..
- 11.
Barrot L, Asfar P, Mauny F, Winiszewski H, Montini F, Badie J, et al. Liberal or conservative oxygen therapy for acute respiratory distress syndrome. N Engl J Med. 2020;382(11):999–1008..
- 12.
Mackle D, Bellomo R, Bailey M, Beasley R, Deane A, Eastwood G, et al. Conservative oxygen therapy during mechanical ventilation in the ICU. N Engl J Med. 2020;382(11):989–98..
- 13.
Yang X, Shang Y, Yuan S. Low versus high pulse oxygen saturation directed oxygen therapy in critically ill patients: a randomized controlled pilot study. J Thorac Dis. 2019;11(10):4234–40..
- 14.
Moher D, Liberati A, Tetzlaff J, Altman DG. Preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analyses: the PRISMA statement. BMJ (Clin Res ed). 2009;339:b2535.
- 15..
- 16.
Wan X, Wang W, Liu J, Tong T. Estimating the sample mean and standard deviation from the sample size, median, range and/or interquartile range. BMC Med Res Methodol. 2014;14(1):135..
- 17.
Higgins JP, Thompson SG, Deeks JJ, Altman DG. Measuring inconsistency in meta-analyses. BMJ (Clin Res ed). 2003;327(7414):557–60..
- 18...
- 19.
Schjørring OL, Klitgaard TL, Perner A, Wetterslev J, Lange T, Siegemund M, et al. Lower or higher oxygenation targets for acute hypoxemic respiratory failure. N Engl J Med. 2021;384(14):1301–11..
- 20.
Suzuki S, Eastwood GM, Glassford NJ, Peck L, Young H, Garcia-Alvarez M, et al. Conservative oxygen therapy in mechanically ventilated patients: a pilot before-and-after trial. Crit Care Med. 2014;42(6):1414–22..
- 21.
Eastwood GM, Tanaka A, Espinoza ED, Peck L, Young H, Mårtensson J, et al. Conservative oxygen therapy in mechanically ventilated patients following cardiac arrest: a retrospective nested cohort study. Resuscitation. 2016;101:108–14..
- 22.
Barrot L, Panwar R, Hardie M, Bellomo R, Eastwood G, Young P, et al. Conservative versus liberal oxygenation targets for mechanically ventilated patients: pilot multicentre randomised trial. Inten Care Med Exper. 2015;3(Suppl 1):A423..
- 23.
Zhao X, Xiao H, Dai F, Brodie D, Meng L. Classification and effectiveness of different oxygenation goals in mechanically ventilated critically ill patients: network meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials. Eur Respir J. 2021;25:2002928.
- 24.
Turrens JF. Mitochondrial formation of reactive oxygen species. J Physiol. 2003;552(Pt 2):335–44..
- 25.
Davis WB, Rennard SI, Bitterman PB, Crystal RG. Pulmonary oxygen toxicity. Early reversible changes in human alveolar structures induced by hyperoxia. N Engl J Med. 1983;309(15):878–83..
- 26.
Calzia E, Asfar P, Hauser B, Matejovic M, Ballestra C, Radermacher P, et al. Hyperoxia may be beneficial. Crit Care Med. 2010;38(10 Suppl):S559–68..
- 27.
Suzuki S, Eastwood GM, Goodwin MD, Noë GD, Smith PE, Glassford N, et al. Atelectasis and mechanical ventilation mode during conservative oxygen therapy: a before-and-after study. J Crit Care. 2015;30(6):1232–7..
- 28.
Six S, Jaffal K, Ledoux G, Jaillette E, Wallet F, Nseir S. Hyperoxemia as a risk factor for ventilator-associated pneumonia. Crit Care. 2016;20(1):195..
- 29.
Ranieri VM, Rubenfeld GD, Thompson BT, Ferguson ND, Caldwell E, Fan E, et al. Acute respiratory distress syndrome: the Berlin Definition. Jama. 2012;307(23):2526–33..
- 30.
Carlson CG, Huang DT. The Adult Respiratory Distress Syndrome Cognitive Outcomes Study: long-term neuropsychological function in survivors of acute lung injury. Crit Care. 2013;17(3):317..
- 31.
Barker SJ, Tremper KK. Pulse oximetry: applications and limitations. Int Anesthesiol Clin. 1987;25(3):155–75..
- 32.
Reilly JP, Bellamy S, Shashaty MG, Gallop R, Meyer NJ, Lanken PN, et al. Heterogeneous phenotypes of acute respiratory distress syndrome after major trauma. Ann Am Thorac Soc. 2014;11(5):728–36..
- 33...
- 34.
Famous KR, Delucchi K, Ware LB, Kangelaris KN, Liu KD, Thompson BT, et al. Acute respiratory distress syndrome subphenotypes respond differently to randomized fluid management strategy. Am J Respir Crit Care Med. 2017;195(3):331–8..
- 35.
Lorente JA, Cardinal-Fernández P, Muñoz D, Frutos-Vivar F, Thille AW, Jaramillo C, et al. Acute respiratory distress syndrome in patients with and without diffuse alveolar damage: an autopsy study. Intensive Care Med. 2015;41(11):1921–30..
- 36.
Memet O, Zhang L, Shen J. Serological biomarkers for acute mesenteric ischemia. Ann Transl Med. 2019;7(16):394..
- 37.
Iacobelli L, Lucchini A, Asnaghi E, Nesci M. Oxygen saturation monitoring. Minerva Anestesiol. 2002;68(5):488–91.
- 38.
Dubin A, Kanoore Edul VS, Caminos Eguillor JF, Ferrara G. Monitoring microcirculation: utility and barriers - a point-of-view review. Vasc Health Risk Manag. 2020;16:577–89..
Acknowledgements
The authors thank Yibing Zhu for assistance with full text of some included articles.
Funding
There was no funding source.
Additional file 3.
Table: Studies needed for full-reviewed but not included in the current meta-analysis.
Additional file 4.
Fig: Definition of inclusion and exclusion criteria for patient population and regimens of conservative and conventional oxygen.
Additional file 5.
Fig: Cochrane risk of bias.
Additional file 6.
Table:L., Zhang, BL., Meng, C. et al. Conservative oxygen therapy for critically ill patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials. j intensive care 9, 47 (2021).
Received:
Accepted:
Published:
DOI:
Keywords
- Conservative oxygen strategy
- Mortality
- Critically ill
- Meta-analysisFeeling like a “Loser” at times: It’s Not Just You!!!
Okay, Okay – You Got Me. I will admit it. I am a competitive schmuck. I hate coming in second. I hate people beating me.
I hate feeling like a “loser” and others getting the drop on me. I rarely feel anything against the people that “Beat Me” as I usually take it out on myself. What really riles me is that when I try my best and I don’t get the results I am expecting. It really bugs me and sometimes I honestly get “Bummed Out” when I go out to achieve something and I don’t get it. I really enjoy Currency Trading, in that you basically take short-term speculations and capture profit that way. Being a form of “Professional Gambling” it works by that you have the edge in your favour – you have wins and losses, but your profit is ahead.
I have been working consistently at this for about 3 years and so far I am consistently profitable. Over the past year or more, I have only been doing it on a very slow part-time basis but am nicely ahead. I am getting there, but I am still not where I want to me in terms of my competence and skill. Many people never get this far at it, some lose fortunes and from what I can gather it usually takes people about 4 – 8 years to get it right and become a competent trader (assuming they actually make it – most drop off).
So from that perspective, of the people that make it in trading – I am with the class. In fact, one of the top traders I know took about 10 years to get there (after losing tens of thousands of dollars before hand). I am certainly doing better than that! But here is what I don’t like. Some people I know, have just picked it up in like 1 – 2 years. That is, they have just powered through it and are doing amazingly well in this time, while I am still uncertain and although consistently profitable – no where near their performance.
At university I got a HD average and am very used to being a top performer. But in this case, I am really a “C – B” level student – and I hate it. Whenever I hear of the people doing well, I don’t feel anything against them – but I get all tense and just think “What am I doing wrong?” So in other words, my trading is going at the speed of most people who make it – but I constantly feel like a “Loser” and “Bad” about all the “Time I have wasted”. This is okay to motivate, but it’s a problem for me in that it’s blocking me truly nailing it and slowing me down.
In fact, my own psychology about trading and my own fear of “Failing” is slowing me down! If I just could’t have got over it sooner, I would have been miles ahead. There you go – I am even beating myself up while writing this blog!
This is I accept a weakness that I possess, but when I have discussed this problem with other people – I am hardly alone. I noticed many of my friends and colleagues feel exactly the same way at times.
Be it in different areas, I have friends with similar examples including:
– My own business example – “Shirley, Mike, Jarratt and Andrew can Trade better than me. Therefore I suck”.
– My old desperately trying friend – “I really try my best to meet my future husband and I am a good honest person. I work out and make the first move – but men just want me for one thing”.
– An old colleague not reaching their career goals – “No matter how hard I work or what I achieve, I still don’t get the pay of others – nor any recognition from head office”.
– My good friend who got retrenched from his job – “I have been too so many interviews and no one wants to take me. I don’t think anyone likes me and it hurts to see other people get hired before me”.
– My good friend from an older company – “I have been working for years in this industry and people just don’t take me seriously. I really know what I am on about and I am sick of people disregarding what I am saying”.
– A friend who wasn’t fat at all – “I feel so fat and unattractive. No matter what I eat it really shows and I just can’t control myself”.
– An old uni friend who just couldn’t do exams – “For me it’s lambs to the slaughter. I just freeze up exams and I am just a loser at this uni course”.
I can come up with dozens more and I realized that the way I feel is very common for almost anyone. That is, it’s easy to pick an area in your life and just feel like you are “Inadequate”, “Hopefully”, “Suck”, “Stupid” or just “Have No Idea”. I think at times we all feel like this, especially if you are a driven individual looking for something new. A little bit of “This Feeling” is good, because it gives you drive – but an excess of it can really destroy performance. Well – at least it shows that you are care! But still, if you are like me in this regard – I ask you to try and stop “Beating Yourself Up”. Just think about what you need to do to improve things. Both my own trading mentors Jarratt Davis & Vic Noble say exactly the same thing that I think makes perfect sense:
– “Run Your Own Race”
Certainly can’t disagree with that! * Thanks to Alex Proimos from Flickr for the statue image.
Bernie
Hi Edward, you and the blog readers might like to try Feeling Good by David Burns. It’s a book for winners and people like you and me. I raised by my self esteem by a lot after reading it. Your blog is great, I enjoyed it.Legal Resources | Title 5 | 1043.4
Chapter 2. Pupils Subchapter 4. Statewide Testing Of Pupils And Evaluation Procedures Article 2. Physical Performance Testing Programs.
Authority cited:
Reference:
(Added by Register 2006, No. 31.)Description
When your carving projects require intricate details and finishing touches, this U-shaped veiner will certainly come in handy. It comes sharp and ready to use with a high buff finish and will enhance your detailing work.
- Tool is manufactured from W-1 US tool steel with a Rockwell 60-62
- Handle is crafted from premium White Birch wood
- Can be used for various wood carving projects
- Available in a straight or palm handle
Every great woodworker has veiners in different sizes, shapes, and lengths. This 5/64”veiner wood carving tool manufactured by Ramelson has a unique U-shape that is great for smaller sized projects or projects that require a lot of detail work. The wooden handle is crafted from White Birch and is easy and comfortable to grip. The tool comes sharpened, buffed, and ready to use.
- Overall length with palm handle: 4½”
- Made in the USAMay 18, 2016
There's a new pasta champion on the block in the Mt Eden village bursting to teach you that there's no such thing as spaghetti bolognese (cue the screams of intermediate-level home cooks across the nation). The statement is your first introduction to the restaurant's menu and a sign that you can happily expect more than supermarket red sauce atop sopping penne.
Pasta & Cuore's focus is on the cuisine of Bologna, more specifically the region of Emilia-Romagna - the home of parma ham, tortellini and parmesan cheese.
On arrival you'll be welcomed by practically every staff member, each sporting a harmonious Italian accent. Fresh, handmade pasta sits neatly piled in the cabinet ready for order or to be taken home by the gram - something that proves to be a popular concept with village passersby. Fresh Pasta Workshops are also held over the course of the month, teaching the techniques to make fresh egg and flour pasta from scratch.
The vibe is crisp, inviting and sophisticated. In addition to the small number of tables inside, there's substantial seating upstairs and a sun soaked courtyard to the rear, bordered by a garden of fresh produce — tomatoes, basil, fennel. It's the prime spot for a weekend lunch in the warmer months and charms your senses into thinking that could in fact be in heart of the motherland.
The menu is extensive, written in both Italian and English, and may well induce bouts of confusion should you have no idea what you feel like. The bonus here is that everything is good. Antipasti lead the menu, comprising everything from bruschetta, a cheese platter and carpaccio. Though, with a name like Pasta & Cuore (the latter meaning 'heart') pasta is definitely the main attraction. Made from scratch daily by co-owner and chef Stefana Ugolini, there are various shapes on offer: tortollini, tagliatelle, spaghetti, gnocchi and ravioli.
Tortolloni, a larger variety compared to tortollini, come stuffed with a smooth combination of ricotta and nutmeg, joined by either the perfect marriage of butter and sage or tomato concasse. Upon each bite you'll be torn between the phenomenom melting in your mouth and the dilemma that your portion is quickly disappearing. And rather than an overwhelming porridge of sauce, the pasta is left to shine.
Those still drowning in Dolmio tears over the spaghetti bolognese reveal will be happy to know that there is in fact something of an equivalent - a tagliatelle with a classic Bolognese ragout. Again, it's a less-sauce-driven dish but the bite and quality of the tagliatelle will give you an appreciation for what pasta is actually supposed to be like. So much so, you'll also be fizzing to sign up for that pasta making class on the way out.
NEARBY PLACES
- Food & Drink
Zool Zool
405 Mt Eden Road, Mount Eden
- Food & Drink
The Return of RAD
397 Mt. Eden Rd, Auckland
- Food & Drink
Frasers Cafe
434 Mount Eden Road, Auckland
- Food & Drink
Scarlett Slimms & Lucky
476 Mt Eden Rd, Auckland
- Food & Drink
Olly
537 Mt Eden Rd, Mt Eden
- Food & Drink
Whau Cafe
Puhi Huia Road, Auckland